 I hope a lot of people hear this cd . We need more strong and positive vibes like this . Great vocals , fresh tunes , cross-cultural happiness . Her blues is from the gut . The pop sounds are catchy and mature .
 My lovely Pat has one of the GREAT voices of her generation . I have listened to this CD for YEARS and I still LOVE IT . When I 'm in a good mood it makes me feel better . A bad mood just evaporates like sugar in the rain . This CD just oozes LIFE . Vocals are jusat STUUNNING and lyrics just kill . One of life 's hidden gems . This is a desert isle CD in my book . Why she never made it big is just beyond me . Everytime I play this , no matter black , white , young , old , male , female EVERYBODY says one thing `` Who was that singing ? ''
 We 've come a long way since the days of Ninetendo synthesized music ! I say without exaggeration that the Chrono Cross Original Soundtrack is probably some of the best instrumental music I 've ever heard . Yasunori Mitsuda incorporates so many instruments and musical styles to this collection , it 's a real credit to his talent . Guitars , violins , cellos and the piano are just a few of the instruments at play here . Although they differ greatly in musical style , I have to draw an analogy between Mitsuda 's music here to the songs of the Grateful Dead
 Final fantasy fans may be at first skeptical of Chrono Cross 's composition and production under unknown Yasunori Mitsuda , but never fear , Uematsu serves a minor role as Executive Producer ! Mistuda knew what music hit home in this Celtic-themed OST . Believe me , I was skeptical as a Final Fantasy fan , until I played the game and could n't help sitting there listening to the music!The collection is a 3-CD masterpiece . The CD 's are in tracks that are appropriately given up in chronological order , and you can picture playing through the game in your mind . What 's awesome is the range of new instruments and styles in the sequel to the RPG of all RPGs . MIDI sequences ca n't show what the original version does in this OST . Rated a 10 by EGM for best music waaaay back in the day , it 's not unfounded.Okay , so the insert is in japanese - keep in mind you ca n't find this thing in the states anymore . DigiCube 's downfall makes it hard enough to find this thing , so grab it while you can . You can get translations in a variety of places that no longer have the CDs in stock -LRB- there are a few , believe me -RRB- . If you loved the game , this is a required . If you are a video game music fan , consider it as essential as the FF7 OST and remember the name Yasunori Mitsuda.Things to keep an eye out for - Disc 1 , Track 7 displays a theme that you hear throughout the game , and it sounds great to hear it again . All of Disc 3 is pure musical rewards , and Track 7 on it is ... well , to avoid spoling too much ... it 's worth the $ 32 plus shipping . Oh , and for all the big press Radical Dreamers and Magical Dreamers get , it 's worth it even if you have n't played the games all the way through - there are n't any spoilers to ruin the experience . Just pure , amazing rpg music worthy of the title of the game.I ordered this right before going on a Choir Concert Tour Ireland , and the Celtic themes helped me enjoy the experience to the fullest!Oh , if you 're considering playing the game , do what I DID NOT DO , and what others hope to do - Play Chrono Trigger First , then Chrono Cross , if you can .
 This has got to be one of the best video game soundtracks ever . I 've actually never really played the game , but somehow discovered the music of it , proving you do n't have to like the game to like the soundtrack . I 'm sure the game is also great , and maybe someday I 'll purchase a PS2 and play it.The way the few different main themes are repeated throughout the discs makes it so much more epic and adventurous . The same notes , played at a different speed and with different instruments can have such different moods , and are certainly not repetitive.Many songs consist of synthesized violins , guitars , Japanese instruments and other stringed instruments , also pianos , interesting percussion , and many other synthesized sounds . The songs are made up of clear , well-produced melodious tones and notes . There are so many different moods on this cd ... nostalgic , melancholic , joyful , tense , epic , pensive , spooky , calm , wondrous , ethereal , delightful , catchy ... the list goes on . Of course , the music styles range from Celtic sounding , to traditional Japanese , to neoclassical , etc. all blended together nicely with Yasunori Mitsuda 's special touch . A lot of the songs really make me think `` epic '' in one way or another . Many songs are also edgy or stressful like the music for a battle or difficult journey , but sometimes with a childlike tinge , suggesting the fantasy/anime aspect of the game -LRB- I 'm not saying anime is childish , rather the music sounds that way at times , in a good way -RRB- Some songs have soaring melodies that revive the valiant atmosphere of the soundtrack , others have quite gloomy moods , some have simple , charming melodies , some have more spooky or haunting moods , some sound sort of like a big fairground or joyful gathering , and some have more of a feeling of a specific area like a maritime or tropical place - illustrating all the elements of a long , adventurous , tiring journey of many different perils , mysteries , and missions of all sizes.Obviously there are a lot of separate tracks on this soundtrack to encompass every single moment of music in the game -LRB- Why would you want to leave anything out ? -RRB- but even the songs less than a minute are quite good . I 'm not going to point out specific tracks because I 'd end up listing about one-third of them , nor will I describe many specific tracks ; every song is worth listening to , from start to finish . The most talked about song `` Radical Dreamers '' is a nice song with female vocals in Japanese that follows the main theme of the album , and I can see why most people consider it the best song on here , particularly the last minute or so with the angelic-like hum and amazing , gentle acoustic guitar melodies . The immaculate music box style melody after Radical Dreamers concludes the album with a very memorable sensation.I mentioned in my list of adjectives `` nostalgic ''
 I used to find myself starting Chrono Cross over time and time again to listen to the theme song in the very beginning , but now I do n't have to , thank god ! Every song on this CD is absolutely magical . I 've heard few better .
 I 'm not an expert on Mitsuda 's work but I was by no means disappointed by Chrono Cross and the soundtrack it created.Beginning with TIME 'S SCAR . Here we have a Celtic dance tune emerging from a quiet beginning whisper . I will admit I love the BRINK OF DEATH although not everyone may agree . The remainder of the first album is like a tour through the music of the first few hours of the game . You 'll notice that Arni has two themes for the two worlds , as do many other localities in the game.All along , the tunes are kept simple and in line with the various locations of the game . Rarely do the storyline and music disagree . DREAM OF THE SHORE catches the dark , lonely feeling Serge must have had stranded in the lost world -LRB- would have worked better here if it had been autumn in Another World -RRB- . Other favorites from the first disk are SINGING EMOTIONS , ANOTHER TERMINA which adds a touch of Renaissance style to a Renaissance-style city.Death Volcano is one of the most come-out-of-nowhere themes , as is Child of Time . Beginning from a stir , they grow to match the environment they exist in . The two Guldove themes provide a good example of the contrast between the energetic and vernal Home World and the laid-back , autumnal Another World.The second disc is where it really shines . I wo n't go through all the examples but will say that Another Marbule and the Magical Dreamers theme are uplifting and excellent . Classical/rock combinations rarely fail.The third disc is haunting , spiritual , romantic , and all . Indeed it is where all the powerful emotions come together in a complex but orderly amalgam . GARDEN OF THE GODS is unforgettable with its choral chant and delicate minor key ; the Chronopolis theme shines with futurism and even a touch of scientific socialism . The Fate , Jellyfish , and Orphanage themes stand apart , notably the Jellyfish Sea which really sounds appropriate for an underwater world . It is ambient and environmental.You wo n't forget the GIRL WHO STOLE THE STARS or TIME OF THE DREAMWATCH , as these are , respectively , the love theme -LRB- between Serge and Kid -RRB- and the `` liberty '' overture played in the second intro . After two last super-duper tracks -LRB- TOWER OF STARS and DRAGON GOD -RRB- we get to the closing music . I found UNSTOLEN JEWEL -LRB- Radical Dreamers ' LE TRESOR INTERDIT -RRB- to be too soft for full effect ; the game theme that precedes it is much better . -LRB- You have to use the Chrono Cross item to hear it in the game -RRB- . UNSTOLEN JEWEL reminds me of `` My Heart Will Go On '' and the main theme from Lord of the Rings in that it is a vocal version of a melody already heard via instruments.Still , by the time this soundtrack is over , you may be either shedding tears or wanting to get the game if you have n't already .
 I played Chrono Cross a year ago . It was and still is my favorite video game of all time , not because of the thought provoking story , not the memorable cast , what left me crying after a sad scene , or jumping for joy after a stunning victory , was the amazing aural sounds composed by Mitsuda . This man is a genious , combining amazing genres of music into a compilation of tracks that will please any person , even if they do n't enjoy instrumental music . Words can not express some of the emotions the music convey 's . Perhaps I love it so much because it is a reminder , a wonderful reminiscent that makes my mind soar whenever I remember where I heard a track in the game , and how the music helped that portion of the game impact my emotions . After listening to this CD , I am certain that the music is the single most important part of any video game , because without it , there is nothing except a group of people talking in silent text , with nothing in the background to make the scene intriguing and/or emotionally impacting . I urge all music fans to buy this CD . For the wonderful music you will have the privelage to listen to , no price can be put . This is truly a priceless experience .
 This sound track was beautiful ! It paints the senery in your mind so well I would recomend it even to people who hate vid . game music ! I have played the game Chrono Cross but out of all of the games I have ever played it has the best music ! It backs away from crude keyboarding and takes a fresher step with grate guitars and soulful orchestras . It would impress anyone who cares to listen ! ^_^
 Love the cd 's and have played them multiple times . I definitely recommend buying the crono cross cd collection for anyone who ever played the game .
 Attn
 I 'm reading a lot of reviews saying that this is the best ` game soundtrack ' and I figured that I 'd write a review to disagree a bit . This in my opinino is Yasunori Mitsuda 's ultimate masterpiece . The music is timeless and I 'm been listening to it for years now and its beauty simply refuses to fade.The price tag on this is pretty staggering I must say , but if you are going to buy any cd for this much money , this is the only one that I feel would be worth every penny .
 When i played the game , the first thing that came to my mind was play and play , but in that process i realized that the music was so good that i could n't stop playing without reapiting some levels to hear the same music again and again . So i recommend this cd . It is very entertaining and you can eat your favorite meal and listen at the same time great music without getting bored . By the way , the intro is so cool with that music , it makes me dance . I promise you wo n't regret it . d : D
 Chrono Cross is a landmark game for the Playstation in the fact that it is the very last game ever to be produced in the US for the system . While the graphics are stunning , the music . . oh the music ! The music is what led me to buy this!While the insert notes are illegable for those who are illeterate in the Japanese language , it contains the listing of songs ... which I myself ca n't completely read an need someone to translate them over!The best songs are on Disk Three ... the Burning of Lucca 's Orphanage , The Dragon God , and Radical Dreamers are by far the shining stars of this whole CD set .
 This CD has touched me in ways I ca n't tell . Not like that SICKO !! Anyway , As I was sayin , This Cd plays the games greatest songs i mean , WOW totally awesome . I love the game and this CD !!!!!
 As a frequent player of RPG 's I have listened to many RPG soundtracks , not counting that I 've beaten many . But , I must say that in comparison to the Final Fantasy Series -LRB- I own 7 , 8 , 9 , and 10 and have played all of them -RRB- Chrono Cross easily wins in gameplay and its music . The music seems to perfectly go along with the plot . It is moving and inspiring to keep playing , which is helpful 'cause it took me like 8 hours to figure-out how to get that hydra stuff for Kid and the music continued to reassure me to keep playing.So , you can understand how I feel about this soundtrack , and if you 're gon na buy the soundtrack and you do n't have the game , which would be awkward , buy the game ! Have fun ! RPG on !
 The music of Yasunori Misuda is without question my close second below the great Nobuo Uematsu.Chrono Cross OST is a wonderful creation filled with rich orchestra and synthesized sounds . While ambiance is one of the music 's major factors , yet at times it 's very uplifting and vigorous . Some of my favourite tracks include ; `` Scars Left by Time , The Girl who Stole the Stars , and Another World '' .
 Yasunori Mitsuda is a genius ! There 's just no other way to put it . This music is beautiful , well-fitting to all of the events of the game , and especially enjoyable for those who enjoy just sitting down and listening to music . One of my favorite tracks is `` Magical Dreamers - The Wind , The Stars , and The Waves '' of which I have listened to over and over again . The Soundtrack is a bit pricey , but I can confidently say that it is worth every penny for the quality of music that you are purchasing . For those who are fans of the game , fans of game music , or for people who enjoy music in general , I believe this soundtrack will satisfy all of those groups of people .
 This soundtrack trancends games alone . It brings you into a world that does not end . I can not tell you how many hours I have spent listening to it over and over again and still enjoy every second of it . The music itself surpases its gaming origins , it easily stands on its own . It is full and vibrant using all aspects of tradition orchastral composition . A must have for any gamer that collects soundtracks and a must have for anyone that enjoys a good solid classical score .
 I know many other posts have already said this , but it ca n't be said enough how great this soundtrack is . This is the best soundtrack for a game ever . Yasunori Mitsuda did a brilliant job with this . This is worth every penny . I 've played this for people who do n't play video games and the reaction is the same . `` This was written for a video game ?! ''
 I enjoyed the game at first , then after a few years a vivid memory of my enjoyment came to me . I could n't figure the reason it supplanted so strong into me . I played it again after some time , Then i figured it . The music . The game opens with the only fully orchestrated peice , still by the composer Yasunori Mitsuda . Mitsuda synthesizes the rest , nothing of his music is second rate . I could n't believe a single person sat behind a synthesizer , perhaps with countless samples at his disposal , and created this wonderful accompanyment to the game . When I bought this soundtrack , This very one , it cost me a wopping 50 bucks . I enjoyed the purchase and did n't whine about it because of the quality jump from when listening while playing the game . When you listen to the soundtrack with the game fresh on your mind , you notice all the instuments and sounds that we 're left out , or unable to be broadcasted . The very details that made this piece more than a soundtrack . It stands alone as the greatest game soundtrack ever .
 While not associated with the `` Final Fantasy '' series , Yasunori Mitsuda has still become a legend for his musical works on Square titles . His legendary works include the soundtracks to `` Chrono Trigger '' and `` Xenogears '' , and joining that prestigious list is the `` Chrono Cross '' soundtrack . Spanning three discs worth of music , the soundtrack to `` Chrono Cross '' is a soothing , classical masterwork.The first thing that listeners will notice about the `` Chrono Cross '' soundtrack is that the music is very mild compared to , say , the music of `` Xenogears '' . That 's not saying that there are n't any fast-paced tracks on this soundtrack , but overall the music does n't demand a powerful emotional response using heavy instrumentation and bass . Instead , the soundtrack uses soothing , gentle melodies to envoke an emotional response , and even during fast-paced songs the feeling of calmness remains . Each song is a work of art , and while some songs are more memorable than others , they all play their part to paint a tapestry of unforgettable sound.One of the soundtrack 's greatest accomplishments is the way it sounds . Mitsuda 's previous masterpieces always gave the modest impression that , despite the excellence of the melodies , the songs were played using synth-like instruments . The `` Chrono Cross '' soundtrack rarely , if ever , does that . Although some instrumentation obviously sounds synth-like , the listener can somehow believe that the songs sound orchestrated . Mitsuda 's demonstrated his talent for putting quality , life-like music in the `` Chrono Cross '' game when it was released on the PSX , and that quality has carried over to this marvelous soundtrack.If there is one flaw with the soundtrack , it 's that is might be TOO gentle . Some people might be put off by the idea of listening to roughly three hours of gentle music with just a few fast tracks to speed things up . Even the soundtrack 's vocal song , `` Radical Dreamers '' , is slow-paced , and while some people may like it , others may feel the lack of multiple instrumentation -LRB- the song uses only an acoustic guitar -RRB- actually ruins it . However , if you take the time to listen to the soundtrack , it will grow on you.All in all , the `` Chrono Cross '' soundtrack is another one of Yasunori Mitsuda 's masterpieces . While it may take a couple of tries to get used to the overall gentleness of the music , once it grows on you , you wo n't be able to stop listening to it . Along with `` Xenogears '' , `` Chrono Cross '' is an absolute must-have soundtrack .
 This soundtrack is my favorite music of all time , hands down . The intense sadness of `` Prisoners of Fate '' -LRB- which means all the more if you 've played the game -RRB- and the hope in `` A Distant Promise '' and `` Girl who Stole the Star '' have been an important inspiration to me personally throughout my teen years . The higher energy tracks like `` Chrono Cross ~ Time 's Scar ~ '' , `` Time of the Dreamwatch '' , and `` Chronomantique '' -LRB- indefinably remeniscent of Chrono Trigger -RRB- are all absolutely superb as well.This soundtrack is amazing music , probably the best of this composer 's work -LRB- I have n't heard the Xenogears soundtrack , so I ca n't say for sure -RRB- , and even if you 've never played the game , it would be worth twice the price to buy it.I wish I could give it 6 stars .
 Yasunori Mitsuda is one of the best composers for video game music in my opinion . Chrono Cross is a sequal to the popular game , Chrono Trigger . Both soundtracks are composed by this person . Most of the songs on this soundtrack are unlike other soundtracks because these take a form of being more `` new age '' on a number of the tracks -LRB- Time 's Scar for example -RRB- , whereas others more guitar classical -LRB- Radical Dreamers , Another Gardopu -RRB- . The diversity of these songs , and the little overlap -LRB- using the same theme over and over again - Although the theme from Magical Dreamers is used in 3-4 tracks -RRB- . I highly recommend this soundtrack , especially if you played the game or like more classical/newage types of music . Out of all the gaming soundtracks I own -LRB- This is probably well over 20 or so -RRB- this soundtrack definitely is the top one I enjoy a lot . The themes on most of the songs are great , and there 's enough musical diveristy to keep the songs interesting even through multiple times of listening .
 The first time I watched my kids play this game , I was a fan of the music . I 'm on my second set now . It 's more than a video game soundtrack . It 's music .
 While Yasunori Mitsuda 's score for Chrono Trigger was nicely done and well-composed , it 's hard not to notice that it sounds just like what it is
 I have heard a lot of anime/videogame soundtracks and I got to say that this is one of the best . All the tracks on this soundtrack are very good . Even if you have never played Chrono Cross before the music will still move you . I know that it 's helped me keep calm when doing some frustrating homework !
 This one the best soundtrack ever composed for Video Games.I never get bored listening it . I 'm still waiting for the sequel all of this years.I highly recommended it .
 Despite the fact that I have only played a small portion of the game , the music I heard -LRB- plus the connection to Chrono Trigger which was great as well -RRB- led me to purchase the soundtrack , and it remains one of my favorite albums . There is an incredible mix of fun , epic , and emotional songs . Those sad and beautiful tracks I especially like , as there 's not too many of those kinds of songs in my other video game soundtracks . I must admit that one of the songs -LRB- Life-A Distant Promise -RRB- has brought tears to my eyes on many occasions.My one complaint about this soundtrack is that they use guitar fretting effects in many of the songs , which I find distracting . But even if those were n't included I would still consider the collection worth it .
 I truly like this soundtrack and I enjoy video game music . I have played this game and most of the music on here I enjoy and it 's truly relaxing and peaceful.On disk one . my favorites are Scars Of Time , Between Life and Death , Forest Of Illusion , Fortress of Ancient Dragons , Lost Fragment , and Drowned Valley.Disk Two
 once again , i 'm amazed . I was playing the actual game -LRB- not the soundtrack -RRB- the other day and i thought in my mind that one of the reasons i always played that game , even though i beat it at least 2 or 3 times is because of the amazing music . so i got the soundtrack . Seriously , its amazing the music he has created with a new wide range of instruments -LRB- compared to MIDI only in his still awesome soundtrack , Chrono Trigger -RRB- . this soundtrack will satisfy your mood no matter what mood you 're in . from sad music to happy music to exciting music to calm music this soundtrack has pretty much everything you could want in a game soundtrack . Get this soundtrack if your a fan of Music of any type !!!
 I enjoy listening to my Chrono Cross CDs . The Sound quality is grate , and as I listen the music still inspires me , and I can relive the game as I play the music at home or work . Really I just like video game music and this is one of the best soundtracks that I have now . It really has all the songs and music that are found in the game .
 I have many video game soundtracks , as well as anime soundtracks , and I must say that this could top them all . If I could listen to one cd before I die , this might well be it . If you have n't played the game , it really does n't matter . The compositions should appeal to anyone who loves relaxing yet often upbeat sounds brilliantly put together . I 'd definitly recommend it . While you 're buying this , I 'd also recommend playing the game as well -LRB- if you have n't already -RRB- .
 Mitsuda is a musical genius . All the parts he writes seem to fall into place perfectly . I grew up loving music by John Williams and Hans Zimmer and this guy is right up there with them . For some songs his style turns away from the traditonal orchestra and still has the same impact . One of the best parts is only a few songs seem ambient while the others are just amazing . My favorites are , Lost Pieces , Garden of God , On the Banks of a Dream , and possibly the one of the saddest themes I 've ever heard is People Seized With Life . First time listeners would probably think this music was from some epic movie when in fact it 's the music to an epic game . The Chrono series has two of the best rpg 's ever and by far the best composer writing for them .
 If there is a music album which almost reaches absoulete perfection this must be it . Every human emotion is mirrored through this unbeleivable three disc set which takes you on a roller coaster ride through the fascinating world of chrono cross.It starts with the soulful enchanting but powerful ` Scars of Time ' which seamlesly fuses fast paced mayhem with soul stirring emotions and ends with one of the greatest musical accomplishments of any genre during any time the magnificent `` Radical Dreamers Unstolen Jewel '' . One word to decribe this song would be enchantment . It transports you to another world a world without sorrow or memory and is everything it should be . The song alone is worth the price of this CD.Amid these two masterpieces are more beautiful gems strewn across this three disc marvel . Magical dreamers is music with true feeling to back it up and another world displays superbly the magic of the acoustic guitar . Even the atmoshperic music is top notch with subtle changes in flavour here and there which entice and charm you.The tunes vary from those depicting bravery and sacrifice like ` Dragon Rider ' to those depicting strife and internal grief like ` People imprisoned by destiny ' . The wide spectrum of instruments and musical genres is also excellent as it keeps your attention span for the entire three discs.I think this is how music was meant to be . Every note in this album is emotionally charged and there are very few things to forget in this album . If you are looking for good music then chono cross will gve you something which you will never forget and something you will treasure for the rest of your life . I think Yasunori Mitsuda will soon become the premier composer of our time .
 The music contained on some of the tracks are slight remixes of previous music from the original Chrono Trigger . However , the composed songs are very well arranged and orchestrated , espeically the ones on the last disc . And unlike the Chrono Trigger soundtrack this one is not synthesized . Even the simpleist songs such as the acoustic guitar themes are a pleasure to listen to .
 Since i dont have much time to write this review ill just say this . This Cd might be the best relaxing CD you will ever hear , my friends who listen to Enya were skeptical when i told them that this Cd was better , but when they heard Another World theme , they were hooked . All i can say is that even if you dont like relaxing music , you should still buy it to admire how great the quality of the music is -LRB- for a PSX game -RRB- and how much effort Mitsuda put n it .
 Probably the greatest soundtrack in history ! Usually it 's better to have played the game first but this is so enjoyable anyway ! I worked so hard getting this soundtrack and after spending -LSB- money -RSB- to get it it was really worth every penny !! Get this OST ! it 's amazing ! The first few tracks will have you dancing around with delight -LRB- especially Scars Left by Time -RRB- !! BUY IT NOW !!
 I have several soundtracks from Japanese anime and very few from videogames . From the opening track to the 3 ending tracks this CD is terrific ! It reworks some of the Chrono Trigger themes but the original music blows everything else away!I would buy it just for the opening theme and the `` best-end '' theme!If you have n't bought the Chrono Cross game yet , do yourself a favor and get them both at the same time !
 Yasunori Mitsuda pushed the PlayStation to the limits with one of the most lush soundtracks to ever grace a game . Perfectly keyed to its settings , the music drips with the feeling of tropical islands and exotic locales before dipping into the darker requiems near the end.It 's hard to believe this is synthesizer work , as it 's some of the clearest and most rich sound to come out of a game . It fits the atmosphere and settings perfectly . It 's especially powerful once you 've played through the game , as the emotional impact of certain scenes -LRB- like the fight against Miguel in the Tower of Geddon -RRB- is enhanced beyond words by tracks like `` People Imprisoned by Destiny '' -LRB- disc 2 , track 16 -RRB- . Other music - like `` Voyage - Home World '' -LRB- disc 2 , track 05 -RRB- and `` Dancing Lizards '' -LRB- disc 1 , track 05 -RRB- are just perfect for opening the window and feeling good . Mitsuda 's skillful mix of dark , operatic , and brooding tunes with bouncy , bright tropicalia makes for an excellent album.This is one of a few game music soundtracks I would fully recommend to everyone , even those who are n't into the genre - or do n't play games . It 's amazing and should not be missed . And , of course , if you ARE a fan of game music , and do n't own this ... I 'm amazed . Buy it as soon as possible , it is not a regrettable decision .
 This being one of my favorite game soundtracks ever , I 've listened to it probably a thousand times . Especially for people who played the game it 's very interesting , but also for people who are into great ambient and classical themes this might be just the perfect creation . This album is in great contrast with it 's predecessor , at least in my opinion . This album is way beyond , like Yasunori Mitsuda has truly evolved . What can I say ? He 's a mastermind , that 's for sure . I 'm not gon na name my personal favorites , because ... well ... that 's something you should decide for yourself . So ... get this ! And decide ! By the way , the tracklisting is in japanese but you can find an English translation on the internet .
 I have never cared to much for video game music before . Basically , I just cared about the fun factor and storyline . But when I put Chrono Cross into my Playstation for the first time I was blown away by the opening FMV with the score `` Time 's Scar '' . After that I payed real close attention to the music throughout the entire game . I was simply impressed with how the music swept me right into the game . It put me in a different state of mind . Relieved all my stress and let me relax . It scared me when it brought a tear to my eye . Never would I have thought that video game music would do this to me . And no , Im not exaggerating . And I highly reccomend this incredible soundtrack and the rest of Mitsuda 's work -LRB- Chrono Trigger , Xenogears -RRB- to anyone with a taste for beautiful music !
 For many RPG fans , Chrono Trigger -LRB- for the SNES -RRB- was considered to be one of the best RPGs ever made . Squaresoft did n't disappoint loyal fans when they unexpectedly came out with Chrono Cross for the PlayStation . Along with Final Fantasy X and Chrono Trigger , I would have to these three games to be the best RPGs of all time.Since I myself am a music buff , I usually rate games and music based on the soundtrack and character development , rather than the actual gameplay and battle system . I wo n't go into other aspects of the game -LRB- see the Chrono Cross PlayStation reviews -RRB- , but Chrono Cross , lives up to its reputation in all the categories.The music brings in themes from Chrono Trigger -LRB- e.g. Track 04 contains music from its predecessor -RRB- , plus introduces brand new themes with lots of different influences -LRB- e.g. the Celtic quality of the introduction theme -RRB- . Overall , the music is one of the best I 've heard for anything -LRB- including games and movies -RRB- , well-deserving a 10 out of 10 .
 After playing the game Chrono Cross , one of the main things I remembered was the gorgeous music . Each song in the game matches the mood and setting of the area . The music was apart of the game , and definatly sets the player into the right frame of mind when playing.I 've always found game music to be excellent , but Yasunori Mitsuda stands out in my mind , just as Nobou Uematsu -LRB- composer of the Final Fantasy series -RRB- does.Each song sounds animated , realistic , and unique . Some of the best songs on the album -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- are Time 's Scar , Another Termina , Lost Child of Time and the Brink of Death . Though I love nearly every song that I remember in the game.This soundtrack is highly recommended !
 If you 've played the game , you know how divine the music is ! Every single song tells a story of the game , it 's that good ! The greatest songs are without a doubt , Chrono Cross
 I am quite sure any of you actually taking the time to read this have played the game at least once , and heard at least a few of the tracks here . And whether you were aware of it or not , Mitsuda 's music contributed greatly to the mood of every single minute of the whole game.Composed of 3 CDs and quite a few songs -LRB- I have n't an exact count -RRB- , all of which are heart-rendering and impressively remarkable , this soundtrack is one I assure you you will not forget . It has everything for every listener -- from fast-paced and energetic -LRB- Dancing the Tokage or Termina Home -RRB- , to slower and more haunting -LRB- Dragon God -RRB- , to purely beautifully composed -LRB- Time 's Scar -RRB- , to even some fantastic vocals -LRB- Radical Dreamers -RRB- . This is one of the best videogame soundtracks out there , and surely Mitsuda 's best ever . ^_^
 OK , you know how in my review of Xenogears ' soundtrack I said it was my second favorite ? Well this is number one . There are so many excellent pieces of music on this OST it will literally blow your mind and leave you twitching like a goldfish out of the water . Well , maybe not , but really good nonetheless . My favorite tracks are `` People Seized With Life '' , `` Time 's Scar '' , `` Magical Dreamers '' , `` Home Gardov '' and a whole plethora of others . So , get it , for cryin ' out loud !
 Disc One -LRB- 60:40 -RRB- 1 -RRB- Chrono Cross ~ Scars of Time 2:292 -RRB- Between Life and Death 2:383 -RRB- Arni Village ~ Home 3:234 -RRB- Fields of Time ~ Home World 3:265 -RRB- Lizard Dance 2:416 -RRB- Reminiscing ~ Uneraseable Memory 3:257 -RRB- On the Beach of Dreams ~ Another World 2:228 -RRB- Arni Village ~ Another 3:329 -RRB- Ephemeral Memory 2:5110 -RRB- Lost Fragment 3:1211 -RRB- Drowned Valley 2:0012 -RRB- Termina ~ Another 2:4313 -RRB- Departed Souls 3:4314 -RRB- Forest of Illusion 3:2515 -RRB- Snakebone Mansion 2:5416 -RRB- Victory ~ A Gift of Spring 0:5617 -RRB- Lost in Time 3:2418 -RRB- Galdorb ~ Another 3:2619 -RRB- Hydra Swamp 3:1020 -RRB- Fragment of a Dream 1:3521 -RRB- Voyage ~ Another World 2:3222 -RRB- Ghost Ship 2:0023 -RRB- Deathfire Mountain 3:3924 -RRB- Fortress of Ancient Dragons 3:5425 -RRB- Grief 0:20 Disc Two -LRB- 59:50 -RRB- 1 -RRB- Beginning of a Dream 0:422 -RRB- A Narrow Space Between Dimensions 2:473 -RRB- Termina ~ Home 3:384 -RRB- The Dragoons 3:015 -RRB- Voyage ~ Home World 3:226 -RRB- Galdorb ~ Home 3:587 -RRB- Marbule ~ Home 2:558 -RRB- Zelbess 2:429 -RRB- The Splendidly Grand Magic Troupe 1:3110 -RRB- Nap 0:1311 -RRB- Chronomantique 3:1812 -RRB- Dilemma 2:4713 -RRB- Optimism 2:1914 -RRB- Isle of the Dead 3:1115 -RRB- Dead Sea/Tower of Destruction 3:1016 -RRB- Prisoners of Fate 3:2617 -RRB- A Light Already Lost 0:3218 -RRB- Island of the Earth Dragon 3:1619 -RRB- Navel of the World 2:5920 -RRB- Gale 2:0021 -RRB- Victory ~ A Cry in Summer 0:5322 -RRB- Marbule ~ Another 3:0023 -RRB- Magic from the Fairies 0:1324 -RRB- Etude 1 0:1225 -RRB- Etude 2 0:1426 -RRB- Magical Dreamers 2:02 Disc Three -LRB- 53:21 -RRB- 1 -RRB- Garden of God 2:452 -RRB- Chronopolis 4:123 -RRB- Fates ~ The God of Destiny 3:104 -RRB- Jellyfish Sea 2:555 -RRB- Burning Orphanage 2:446 -RRB- The Girl Who Stole the Stars 3:487 -RRB- The Dream that Time Dreams 4:018 -RRB- Dragon 's Prayer 5:579 -RRB- Tower of Stars 2:2610 -RRB- Frozen Flame 2:5411 -RRB- Dragon God 3:2112 -RRB- Dark Realms of Time 0:4213 -RRB- Life ~ A Distant Promise 6:3214 -RRB- Reminiscing ~ Uneraseable Memory 1:3915 -RRB- Radical Dreamers ~ Unstealable Jewel 4:2516 -RRB- Fragment of a Dream 2:00
 Yasunori Mitsuda must be one of the greatest musical virtuosos of our time , and Chrono Cross is his most impressive achievement to date . This Japanese composer - who also wrote the music for Chrono Trigger , Xenogears , and Xenosaga - is a master at using several styles of music to define his unique work
 For those of you who have played the game , you are all too familiar with the various themes throughout the soundtrack . From the moving and dramatic opening song , `` Time 's Scar , '' the upbeat and fun `` Dancing the Tokage , '' and the eerie vocal track `` Radical Dreamers , '' this soundtrack satiates those of us with diverse tastes in music.However , for those of you who ca n't equate love of the soundtrack with love of the game -LRB- heaven forbid -RRB- , then here is some information that you will probably value . Some of the tracks border on celtic themes , while others are of the more traditional classical style of music . There is one vocal song -LRB- as mentioned previously -RRB- that is absolutely beautiful , even if it is sung in Japanese . Although the music is synthesized , the sounds are so crisp that , for the most part -LRB- especially with the opening -RRB- , you ca n't tell that the piece is not being performed by real instruments . The synthesized music goes so far as to include `` accidentals , '' such as the sound of fingers travelling down the guitar strings , which adds to a more realistic sound.I highly reccommend this soundtrack -LRB- 3CDs -RRB- for anyone who enjoys listening to excellent , well written music . Mitsuda 's talent is well displayed in this soundtrack -LRB- he also wrote the music to Chrono Trigger and Xenogears -RRB- . If you are leery about jumping into a purchase before sampling some mp3 's -LRB- do n't worry , I 'm the same way -RRB- , then I suggest listening to the three songs I listed in the first paragraph . They are a good representation of the whole , although there are MANY other tracks that are excellent as well .
 Basic info
 `` I 've never played the game , but I 've watched it . '' How many times have you heard that phrase ? That was the case for me and Chrono Cross and as a result I had the pleasure of concentrating more on the story and , best of all , the music . Yasunori Mitsuda has a knack for setting the emotional tone of a scene with his music
 Once again , the composer of Chrono Trigger and Xenogears has composed a soundtrack of consistently high quality . I ca n't wait to see what Yasunori Mitsuda 's next project , Tsugunai for the PlayStation 2 , will give us.The Chrono Cross Soundtrack , while it has its share of warlike battle anthems to get your heart pounding , seems to focus on calming , Celtic-influenced songs , with lots of guitars and flutes . A nice bonus
 This soundtrack is one of the best I have ever heard . It contains all of the songs heard in the game . They are mostly played in chronological order . This music is all orchestral and follows a caribbian theme , since the game is based around a group of islands . Most of the songs and the booklet it comes with are all in Japanese . The only things that are in English are a few of the really important song titles . This music is well worth getting even though the price may be a little high . But think about it you are getting 67 songs spread over 3 CD 's . Anyway I would highly suggest this music to any Chrono Cross Game fanatic , or if you enjoy orchestral music.Hope this review helps .
 With everything having been said , there 's nothing else for me to say except that the music of Chrono Cross has stood up well over these years and still gives me something new everytime I listen.I love this soundtrack mainly for its most heartfelt pieces ; the quiet , simmering compositions that tie everything together in between its most powerful and majestic moments . `` The Scars of Time '' is still one of the best , most original theme pieces ever , and the only one on the soundtrack -LRB- if I remember right -RRB- which Mitsuda created with acoustic , not synthesized , music . Another piece which stands out is `` The Bend of Time '' -LRB- a.k.a. `` Ravine - Cleft of Dimension '' -RRB- , which is played in the game at the island where you may return to battle any of the game 's creatures over again . I , however , lacking the soundtrack CD at the time , merely went there to listen to the music and let it loop in the background while I went about my business.Some time later I ordered the CD -LRB- unheard of on Amazon at the time -RRB- , and six years on , `` The Bend of Time '' is still one of the best pieces to put on for a quiet , sunny late afternoon . When my daughter was born , `` The Bend of Time , '' `` Another Arni , '' `` Another Guldove , '' and `` Home Arni '' made her lullaby playlist , and these are still some of her favorite pieces.What Yasunori Mitsuda has achieved here is an amazing , all-embracing sweep of the entire spectrum of human emotion . It 's upbeat , victorious , adventurous , tragic , dramatic , gentle , nostalgic , hostile -- this is music that , if you let it , will touch your life in ways beyond the TV and the PlayStation controller .
 This is easily the best video game soundtrack of the past several years , mixing a wonderful blend of soothing melodies and heart-pounding battle songs . Many of the reviews I 've read on the internet like to list a few tracks that ` stand out ' on this 3-disc set , but personally I think you have to listen to it all . When listening to this OST by itself , you really ca n't skip over any one song , espically if you 've played the game all the way through at least once.Moving , spiritual music that really goes above and beyond the call of the genre . Any fan of real music should have this in their collection , it is beautiful beyond reproach . Yasunori Mitsuda is a truely brilliant composer.The liner notes that come with the set are in japanese , but a translation can be found at GameFaqs.com in the Chrono Cross section . All in all , this album is WELL worth the import price , and can be enjoyed by people of any age and musical taste .
 There 's a reason this CD is so expensive , even the version that 's not an import.Some of the best music ever . I could listen to every track every minute of every day . That 's about all i can say .
 This is the 9th CD I 've purchased in the Naxos 10 CD `` complete '' solo guitar works of Fernando Sor . I 'm surprised that no one else has reviewed it , because it 's easily one of the best in the series for pure listening pleasure . Op. 10 and 12 , both extended works -LRB- `` Fantasies '' -RRB- , are quite enjoyable , but Op. 11 -- which includes a series of 12 wonderful Minuets -- truly seems a masterpiece and is probably one of Sor 's greatest works . Listening to these short pieces , one can really appreciate Sor 's influence on Agustin Barrios -LRB- considered by many to be the greatest classical guitar composer of all time -RRB- . John Holmquist , one of America 's premier guitarists , performs these works skillfully and expressively , with a delightful , singing quality . Highly recommended .
 Fantastic - really lovely music . Heard it first on a satellite classical radio station and searched for it on Amazon .
 This volume in the Naxos Complete Guitar Music of Fernando Sor is one of the best.The artisty of John Holmquist is reflected in the superb soundof the guitar , which is nearly in your listening room . Th music is simple , uncomplicated and enchanting . That Sor lived before Mozart was born , andafter Mozart died , is fascinating and reflected in his innovative music , original and compelling . A must have disc .
 Disc One -LRB- 73:08 -RRB- 1 -RRB- Opening Movie 1:172 -RRB- Valendia Knights of the Peace ~ Duke Bardoba 's Mansion 4:273 -RRB- Climax of the Graylands Incident 1:524 -RRB- Preface ~ Investigation Report Regarding the Graylands Incident 2:205 -RRB- Lea Monde is Closed 3:206 -RRB- Minotauros 2:427 -RRB- Reminiscence 1:268 -RRB- Catacombs 4:349 -RRB- Dullahan 1:5710 -RRB- False Memory 5:1211 -RRB- Sanctum 2:1712 -RRB- Golem 2:1813 -RRB- Snares Laid by the Rabbit 1:2114 -RRB- Abandoned Mine 2:4315 -RRB- Knights of the Cross 1:5916 -RRB- Wyvern 1:4317 -RRB- Town of Lea Monde 3:1918 -RRB- Interview 3:0319 -RRB- Snowfly Forest 2:5520 -RRB- Lizard Man 1:2421 -RRB- Riskbreakers Work Alone 1:2022 -RRB- City Walls 1:5823 -RRB- Brainwashing 1:2924 -RRB- Rosencrantz 1:5725 -RRB- Undercity 3:4626 -RRB- Game Over 0:29 Disc Two -LRB- 74:17 -RRB- 1 -RRB- Factory 2:362 -RRB- Tieger & Neesha 3:133 -RRB- Karli 1:374 -RRB- Joshua 2 0:595 -RRB- Nightmare 1:416 -RRB- Lidless Eye 1:327 -RRB- Joshua 2:068 -RRB- Abandoned Mine ~ Second Layer 4:209 -RRB- Iron Crab 1:4610 -RRB- Painted with the Blood of Violation 1:1611 -RRB- Tattoo of an Unholy Cross Knight 2:0812 -RRB- Retrospection 0:4613 -RRB- Limestone Transportation Ditch 2:4014 -RRB- Dark Element 2:1415 -RRB- Last of Rosencratz ~ Karli 2:1216 -RRB- Ogre 2:0817 -RRB- Kilitia Shrine 2:1018 -RRB- Large Chapel 1:1619 -RRB- Ifrit 3:0320 -RRB- Fanfare 0:3621 -RRB- Last Power 1:1922 -RRB- Large Chapel Garret 2:0023 -RRB- Utata Crude Party 2:0824 -RRB- Truly 3:5025 -RRB- Heteromorphic Person 2:1026 -RRB- Escape 2:0927 -RRB- Epilogue 1:0628 -RRB- Lea Monde at Dawn ~ The Story of a Wandering Person 2:4929 -RRB- Staff Roll 7:28 Bonus Tracks30 -RRB- Opening Movie `` Fight Mix '' 5:2131 -RRB- Dungeon Robot Mix 3:38
 Yes indeed , the game was beautiful . Too bad no one really knows about it . When i played the game I absolutely loved it . A true masterpiece one of squaresofts best by far . But when I got the Soundtrack it was mind blowing . Every Song was on it . Plus the caftsmanship from the director was just overwhelming . The game and soundtrack by far are the best in squaresofts history . Never has there been a great combination . From Listening threw out Disc one which features some really cool Resident Evil only in symphony mode . Yes this Soundtrack is by far the best Video Game soundtrack that I have ever gotten . All I have to say is get the game first once you beat it . Get the soundtrack next . You 'll know what I mean by what a true RPG game and music is all about .
 With Vagrant Story , Sakimoto expertly combines dissonance , ambience and melody to create a simply gorgeous videogame score . In fact , I 'm going to call it one of Squaresoft 's best . There is not one dud in the soundtrack . It 's even better in-game , but buy the soundtrack !
 The only critiscm I have about this sound track are the two bonus tracks -LRB- which do n't appear in the game and add nothing to the preceding tracks on the cds -RRB- and the strange morph that one of the tracks -LRB- I believe that it is Escape -RRB- takes , turning from a good piece of music into something that seems to have escaped from the eighties.Apart from that I ca n't recommend this OST highly enough , especially Disc 2 - Track 29 - Staff Roll which , unlike the other tracks on the disc , is an acoustic Strings Piece that really shows off Hitoshi Sakimoto 's talents as a composer .
 When I heard the first few tracks of this OST in an ill-fated battle track contest , I ca n't say I was too impressed . They seemed to be rather bland and even downright boring . However , I used to also think the same thing about the Final Fantasy Tactics soundtrack , which I now adore . That , and I 'm not the type to give up on an entire soundtrack after listening to just a few songs once or twice.That said , I took it upon myself to find the Vagrant Story soundtrack , and I forced myself to listen to it . Several times . Dozens of times even . I played it on the PC . In the car , and my portable players . Eventually , it began to grow on me . I began to appericiate its incredibly dark ambience , its undeniable intelligence , the wonderful quality of the synth , and the sheer complexity of the compositions , a delight for people like me who like to analyze things.I think I first realized `` I love this soundtrack '' when I felt shivers running down my spine while listening to the end of `` Climax of the Grayland Case . '' How beautiful ! Or maybe it was when it thought to myself `` That heavy piano playing really does remind me of iron ! '' while listening to `` Iron Crab '' . Or perhaps it was when I was listening to `` Staff Roll '' and it made my day a little happier when the main melody kicked in at around 4:25 . Or perhaps it was a combination of all of these factors and more , or maybe something else entirely , that I ca n't really describe . All I can know for sure is that this soundtrack has easily become my second favorite soundtrack , with only FFVI 's soundtrack being better in my eyes.I wish I could find a better way to describe exactly how I feel about this soundtrack , but I 'm just not eloquent enough . That being said , I think I will give some very short reviews of my favorite tracks .1 . Climax of the Grayland Case/IncidentThis is what game music should be ! How truly epic ! This track showcases pretty much all of the styles that will be used in the rest of the game . The highlight for me is at the end when in the game the sun rises over the edge of the broken stained glass window to the sound of one lone trumpet fanfare . Brilliant . You really just have to see it in context at least once to understand .2 . Snowfly ForestThe is my second favorite forest theme , second only to `` The Calm Before the Storm '' from FFX . It 's much less dissonant than the rest of the tracks , but not really very melodic either . It sounds like something out of a fairy tale ... a very distorted fairy tale . Some of the parts toward the end almost sound Persian .3 . Iron CrabThis is by far my favorite battle track . I 've never actually played the game this far but just listening to the music I can picture in my head a giant Iron Crab , snapping and lunging . The heavy , low piano provides the iron , and the brass and percussion provide the crab , I think .4 . Staff RollThis has to be the best game ending ever . Honestly , I think it 's good enough to be the credits role for a high quality film . The best part is when the main melody kicks in at around 4:20 or so.Other great tracks I like include
 This soundtrack is amazing . Simply Amazing . Hitoshi Sakimoto has done an excellent job with this soundtrack . Every song is great in its own accord . If you listen to this soundtrack and u havent played the game you will want to play it immediately . From th beautiful ending theme to the amazing boss themes , you will love every minute of it . An extraordinary soundtrack to accompany an extraordinary game . Square music at its best .
 Excellent album . Worth purchasing even if you do n't speak French .
 C'est rare qu'un anglo d'Ontario qui fais un voyage au Quebec se trouve un chanson qui pique son interest ... Mais , c ` etait le chanson de rock de Andree Watters , Dependre de Toi , qui m ' a forcer d' y acheter ! Andree est < < si exceptionel > > comme artiste ! Elle a ecrit le plus-part des chansons sur la disque < < AW > > . Elle demontre ses abilites comme chanteuse , ecrivante et musicienne - de rock , au grung au dance , elle a le talent de reussir en n'import quel genre ! 5-etoiles !!!
 I took out this CD from the library because my friend told me about the song `` Si Exceptionnel '' and I can honestly say it is an exceptional album.My favorite songs are `` Si Exceptionnel '' and `` Enfer '' and there are no real weak points on the album.If you speak French listen to this album-it has some really great lyrics.Five stars .
 First of all , Roy 's studio recordings of the 60 's were absolute marvels , production masterpieces of their time , and all time . But Roy was also no slouch live , as Black and White Night proved , once and for all . These recordings are of surprisingly good sound quality , and Roy is in good form throughout . If you 're a Roy fan , do n't hesitate ; the price is great and it 's all very listenable . Given an extra star because it 's NOT overpriced . I wish the corporate giants would take note
 i was leary of this set . if you look at the track listing , you 'll notice that there 's is an awful lot of repeated material . if you read between the lines , the boxed set warns you of this , boasting that each concert contains `` all of orbison 's biggest hits , '' and it is the case that just over half of each cd is repeated material . with boxed sets , i usually like to go disc-by-disc and discuss the merits and flaws of each one , but that seems sort of unnecessary here . suffice to say , there are a few things to keep in mind with this set : first of all , keep in mind that these are `` authorized BOOTLEGS '' , which means that the recordings do n't have the most exceptional sound quality . this is the time when having bought that really nice stereo is going to pay off . listening to these bootlegs through a nice big set of speakers with an equalizer and whatnot is going to buy you some extra quality that just is n't there when you 're listening through three inch computer speakers -LRB- as i 'm doing now -RRB- . that being said , only one of the shows sounds certifiably dreadful -LRB- the 1980 show at Stockton -RRB- and that is forgivable since there 's another disc in the set from the very same year . oddly , the two earlier shows -LRB- '69 and ' 75 -RRB- are best sounding , though logic dictates that advances in bootleg technology would happen the same way that advances in everything else does.secondly , remember that roy 's songs were - typically - heavy on string arrangements that it would have been difficult to duplicate in a live show . the two 1980 concerts feature some lame keyboard parts , but the hokey electronics are n't really overpowering and are easy to look past . for the most part , the arrangements relied on a couple of guitars , bass , piano , and drums . consequently , the songs always sound much more stripped down to their bones than the studio recordings . this is n't a bad thing , necessarily , but one could argue that the `` orbison sound '' was indebted to those heavy , dramatic , orchestral arrangements , and that the songs lack some of their majesty when played as a five-piece . thirdly , as mentioned before , look at the track listing . EVERY disc contains `` only the lonely '' . every one contains `` pretty woman '' . every one has `` crying '' . you may or may not think that you need that many versions of the same songs , especially since orbison 's delivery of them rarely deviates -LRB- in form or quality -RRB- . ask yourself , `` will i listen to ` candyman ' over and over again , or is this maybe just a little excessive ? `` fourth , orbison was a steady performer , but not terribly charismatic . furthermore , his music did n't lend itself to wild eyed pandamonium or frantic rock and roll shenanigans . he performs every show with a kind of austere dignity , never giving a bad performance , but also never getting too caught up in the songs that he 's singing.fifth , the liner notes here are sparse , but adequate . each disc contains a little bit of information about the particular show , but nothing to involved about orbison 's life , or why his live performances were unique or special . that being said , the set is lovingly packaged , with unifying artwork and design between each individual disc . it 's obvious that this set - packaged and distributed by the orbison estate - was designed to look professional and respectful of an artist of orbison 's caliber -LRB- unlike the 4-disc `` Legendary Roy Orbison '' set which sony carelessly assembled and tossed off without interest an interest in orbison 's legacy -RRB- . finally there 's the price . this is where the set is absolved of all of it 's flaws . amazon claims that the set lists for something like -LSB- price -RSB- , but i found my copy at a national chain store ... for -LSB- price -RSB- , which means that even if there were only two discs worth of listenable material , i 'd still only be paying about -LSB- price -RSB- per cd , which is pretty normal . my only real complaint about the purchase was that the earliest show was from ' 69 , and that there were two shows from ' 80 . i would 've preferred something more varied
 Thank you for realizing the importance of sharing Roy Orbison live performances with his fans . I especially couldnt believe what an excellent value for 4 CDs ... As a true Roy Orbison fan I am thrilled to be able to experience the passion and flawless vocal delivery of his live performances . I truly feel like I am in the audience . I never tire of hearing his hits and its very cool to hear him add his own personal style to other classic songs like `` Help Me Rhonda . '' Incredible experience ~ fantastic value !
 I heard a song or two and thought same o same o , but when i listened to songs like `` blue angel '' , `` lanna '' and ` mama '' the hair just rose off my neck.Roy is trully an amazing singer with a talent you do n't find much now days .
 Roy Orbison was one of those rare vocalists whose live performance could equal and indeed surpass his recorded work.So it is with this superb collection of recordings from various concert performances.There is , of necessity , repetition of the tracks.Orbison fans came to hear the great songs and Roy gave them what they came for.Few artists could sustain a whole show with nothing but their own self-composed million-sellers like the Big ` O ' . Listening to these recordings transports me back to the magic of a Roy Orbison concert.Hear the beautiful sweeping power of his voice , the death-defying leaps on the highest notes , the poetry of his lyrics.From disc to disc their are subtle nuances , little changes in emphasis , inflexion and tone.Throughout there is sheer brilliance of the highest order .
 I 'm suprised that no one has reviewed this album . This is Prince Far I 's first recording though I believe `` Under Heavy Manners '' was released before . On this CD , Prince Far I reads out a number of psalms over some really raw , heavy and pulsating dubs . This is a must for anyone who appreciates DJ-rap music .
 A fantastic collection of songs by one of Germany 's top songwriters and singers . Similar to Simon and Garfunkel with a bit of Bob Dylan . Haunting melodies and brilliant lyrics.Mey is an impressive talent . This collection of twelve songs include social commentary -LRB- Atze Lehman , Zwischen Keiz and Ku ` damm , Mein guter alter Balthasar -RRB- , love songs -LRB- both love in bloom - Du bist die Stille -LRB- You Are the Stillness -RRB- - and love in gloom - Einen Koffer in jeder Hand -LRB- A Suitcase in Each Hand -RRB- and Es schneit in meinen Gedanken -LRB- It 's snowing in my thoughts -RRB- as well as Mey 's trademark humorous songs , The latter include
 Sensational stuff from Jerome and light years ahead of anything T Dream itself is capable of producing these days . If tracks that come from nowhere , do nothing and go nowhere are your thing , stick to T Dream and Edgar 's current releases . If you like the opposite and the Dream Mixes groove of electronics , guitars and upbeat tracks then Neptunes is an absolute must . It might sound a bit new agey in places at first , but stick with it and after a few plays you 'll be hooked . Track 10 - Murder Mystery Dinner Train - is probably the highlight .
 I highly concur with the reviewers below
 With this 2005 d&eacute;but solo album , `` Neptunes '' , 35-year old Jerome Froese has finally severed the reins and moved away from the familial music-making of Tangerine Dream to strike out on his own . And a very impressive affair it is , too , boding well for the future of his `` Guitartronica '' project -- blending guitar and MIDI synthesisers and sequencers -- of which this is the first release . Although there remain traces of his TD up-bringing , particularly in the use of wordless female vocal samples and the occasional orchestral string wash , the music here offers both a heavier base and wider range of styles , textures and moods than has been evident in the output of his father 's band for a good many years . Jerome 's guitar-playing is more versatile and more assured , and his sense of beat finitely more secure than those of Edgar ; these combine to make this a very mature album indeed.The whole production -LRB- 78 minutes spread over 12 tracks -RRB- is heavily guitar - and drum-focused and very readily drops into a dance beat but is nevertheless rich and varied in texture and also offers a pleasing shift of mood and in atmosphere as it progresses . It provides many rewards for those who prefer to listen to their music rather than simply to feel -LRB- or to move to -RRB- it and this album should appeal both to a modern audience as well as to an older generation still bemoaning the disappearance of the 1980s ' Tangerine Dream sound world.Highly recommended to anyone looking for something new . -LRB- And if you 're looking for more like this , try the 2007 follow-up album , `` Shiver Me Timbers '' . -RRB-
 This album took a few months to track down on CD but the wait was worth it . I echo the sentiments of the other reviewers here in that this album by Jerome far surpasses in quality and originality any recent Tangerine Dream releases.The album is composed of 12 impressive sonic soundscapes -LRB- though the last hardly counts as only 40 seconds long -RRB- . All the tracks have a freshness and lush atmosphere that is quite appealing . its one of those albums that you listen to in entirety rather than selecting a few tracks .
 I 'm very happy to have in my hands one of the best CD 's of this new Millennium.Back in 2005 when I heard Jerome was going to release his first solo I said
 I had been waiting for this cd to make it to the US , if you have n't ordered it . YOU ARE MISSING OUT ! INCREDIBILE WORK , EVERY PIECE IS MAGIC ! and this is Jerome 's first ... we are very lucky .
 Energetic guitarwork over spacey electronic soundscapes make this the best Tangerine Dream release not by Tangerine Dream!Son of Tangerine Dream founder Edgar Froese the first solo project by Jerome Froese is far better than his father 's solo projects.With the exception of the great musical pieces on Tangerine Dream 's new Jean D'Arc the instrumental pieces on this album outshine most recent Tangerine Dream releases!Back in the mainstream Gwen Stefani had huge success when she made her solo album without her group No Doubt.Jerome Froese achieves that same level of success here.If you 're a Tangerine Dream fan the solo releases of Edgar Froese are n't really essential.Neptunes however is essential to all Tangerine Dream fans .
 This disc is not of this world ... its from a beach next door . Recorded on a bluff overlooking the pacific ocean its surf music for the toes in the know ... not for everyone just those that know the sun sets in the west and the nwind is always offshore on the fall groundswells ... do n't miss the vibe ; -RRB-
 Crazy Joe is one hep cat ! Ca n't wait for the next album . Aloha from all your friends in the islands .
 My friends really enjoyed this CD when I played it at our beach party . I recommend it to anyone , and we love the music and vibes ! Thank you Crazy Joe .
 Larry 's work for the Muse label in the late 80s and early 90s found him exploring the rich catalog of jazz standards that he probably grew up playing . Surrounding himself with the best musicians around , Larry sounds relaxed , focused , and totally in control . Listen to Larry 's take on `` My Funny Valentine '' and tell me it does n't stand right up there with Chet Baker 's or Miles ' . A very fine album that you 'll enjoy again and again .
 This new CD from the great Danish band is the best Rock CD 's in a very long time . But you will have to listen yourself .
 if you love thunderbirds or any of anderson 's productions , you will love this cd ! a collection of songs from and inspired from his fab shows from the 60 's thru today long live gerry !
 What kind of craziness is this $ 199.99 listing ?! Go to the Workmen 's Circle webpage . They have a bookstore online with this and many other terrific titles of books , CDs , etc. .
 I was happy to discover that these recordings have just been re-released , because my old vinyl copy of the theater songs has seen better days . I was very pleased to see that this re-issue now includes transliterated lyrics and English translations , which were missing from the version I had , and which are a tremendous help to language students . -LRB- I was sorry to see they had omitted `` Got Fun Avrohom '' from the collection , though , because it 's one I 've always loved -- but I still have it on the vinyl . -RRB- I agree this collection is a treasury , both in the sense that these beloved songs are treasures , but also in the sense that they are preserved here now and protected for posterity . Many nearsighted people do n't care that the Yiddish culture that once thrived in Eastern Europe before the war is on the brink of disappearing forever.With only a few Yiddish-speaking enclaves left now , in cities like Winnipeg , Montreal , and New York City , the vibrant cultural heritage that these songs embody may become extinct within our lifetimes , or perhaps those of our children . And the world will be much the poorer .
 The style is Yiddish theatre and typical Bikel - so it 's a very lively collection of old favorites and songs I had n't heard before .
 One of these 26 songs played as background music on a YouTube video of some kind of gymnastic or dance feat out of Russia . I hunted down the melody , read the English lyrics , then decided to see what else was in the album . Downloaded the full album for $ 15 via Amazon mp3 downloader , and now happily listen to the melodies -LRB- interspersed -RRB- on my iPod .
 The previous reviewer said a lot of the most important things . I wanted to add that `` Chasin ' The Bird '' has great work from all concerned , including a surprise `` silent '' break from the great and undersung Detroit drummer Roy Brooks , and that `` I 'll Remember April '' is a thoroughly exhilarating performance , with one of Barry Harris ' best recorded solos and great exchanges between Rodney and altoist Charles McPherson .
 This was Red 's comeback album after being off the jazz scene for over a dozen years , thanks mainly to a severe drug addiction , though other health problems contributed -LRB- bad teeth and a stroke in 1972 -RRB- . His chops were not back yet and he knew it , and it shows to a certain extent on this CD . But there is also some great stuff here.For one thing he is not afraid to be ambitious and except for his frequent employment of the mute -LRB- which I think he uses to hide the fact that his open tone , which later became as ringing and bell-like as it had been in the '50s , was n't back yet -RRB- , he is on the attack . Tempos are up and his playing fiery . This is especially true on DONNA LEE and 52nd STREET THEME , classic bop tunes that demand precision and energy . Alto sax man Charles McPherson is a good foil for Red and plays well throughout . The rhythm section is solid and probably the steadiest player on the date is pianist Barry Harris
 Great first cd from a very talented British singer/songwriter . Lyrically solid and she has an amazing voice.Her second cd is out now , but I prefer this one to that one , if it helps you any
 From Memphis , TN . comes The Reatards , fronted , of course , by wild kid Jay Reatard . He starting off on Eric Oblivians label , Goner , at the tender age of 15 . Jay , now 19 , is still rocking and offending the sensibilities of his community . Overdriven , loud , crackling guitars underlaying Jay 's southern crooning howl energizes some of the most amazing hate-filled song writing we 've heard in years .
 This CD just reeks of getting screwed over by life . It 's garage-rock from hell . Not for people who do n't appreciate the value of a good scream , but if you dig music with real heart and emotion , you 'll like this .
 The Reatards ' music is really something that has n't nothing to do with common and usual comments and impressions on someone 's music . This record -LRB- and their first record too -RRB- is not for everyone . All of the essence of true Punkrock , of true Rock And Roll is in their songs . I mean that their sound is BEFORE and OVER the concept of music , songwriting and melody
 To listen to the Reatards second record , `` grown up , fucked up '' , is to be able to place your head inside a black and white Zenith television set with your mouth wide open and choke on the dusty cables inside . Each song is nothing but a teaser of such maniacal rock frenzy fuzz that is barely tolerable , even to the strong at heart . But , thats the beauty . Memphis never sounded so good being portrayed by three lads who stare at the sun , while sweating out electric frustration on their living room floors .
 I really enjoyed hearing him sing . He could definitely have a career in Salsa with the right song selection and promotion . He 's as good as anybody on the charts today .
 If you like African music this CD is a must have . A blend of zouk , soca , and funk fused with traditional african beats and the result is a sound that makes you just want to dance all night .
 I heard this album at a cousin 's pub in Kampala , Uganda a few months ago , and was duly impressed . I love Afro beats , and this is a good representation of Zouk music , a form of Afro/Caribbean Soca cum Lingala music . The production is excellent . I was surprised that I had not heard of Oliver Ngoma before . This is a must have for Afro music lovers .
 It 's a continuation of the well-cut Zhane album recording of a few years ago .
 You do n't expect music from africa to be so profesionally produced . Me from the white world , do n't understand the lyrics , but we do understand the music which is a mixture between salsa , soukous and fado with always the african feeling for rithem . The soft almost borred voice of Oliver N'goma fits pefectly in the music . The CD is recorded in France Paris , you can hear that professionals have been working on the CD . A must for a hot , lazy night.greetings Arno , Amsterdam
 I 'm not sure if the effects of the CD can match the claim or not -LRB- we shall see ... -RRB- but the music IS really , really good . Very trancey , some dancey and lots of tribal/world music & atmospheric sounds . If you like Delirium , Enigma or downbeat/chill you will love this album a lot . It 's definitely more ` modern ' sounding and uses many different virtual instrumentation passages that are artfully arranged . Nicely recorded as well . I love popping this in and driving to work during my ` alone time ' , it really helps inspire some great visualizations -LRB- for me -RRB- . However , do n't expect fancy packaging
 I am an individual who respects and defines music by the effect it has on the listener . I must say , with this music , its very simple . You go in expecting one thing , and you end up getting something you could n't imagine.Just Listen . Put it in your CD player and press play . Watch the effect it has on your emotions , psyche , dreams , and external life LONG AFTER the music stopped.Just listen ... thats it . You have no idea the ride you 're in for .
 Man , some more jammin tracks from the SUC . This is Pokey 's first official record ... and sh ** is sooo real . Love the production , everything is real nice & screwed out . This is among the last of the great SUC records . Not to say they 've fallen off ... just they 've downsized so much with the deaths of the screw pioneers . Sad but true . If ya love Tx rap , you 've got ta get this 1 . Somethin to kickback & blow big too , somethin to jam in the ride . So underrated , right here . I wish people would forget all the bullsh ** on BET/MTV and check what 's happening in Houston . But i guess ... it 's sadly almost too late . Pat 's gone , hawk 's gone ... screw , Moe , Pimp C , Big Steve . Makes me sad . Regardless , Pokey is still alive and making new music , keeping the legacy alive . And this is a great place to start with him . Classic record . Love it , man
 i ca n't argue with any of these reviews , they are all on point . It 's amazing to me how Big Pokey can come out with a cd that is so good and underground , while at the same time you got so many mainstream rappers selling millions of cd 's that are sub-par . I see theres sellers on here practically giving this cd away for 5 bucks , go ahead and cop this .
 This CD is awesome . I 'm not from the 3rd coast but all i listen to is slowed and throwed and this is one of the throwdest . I recomend you cop this cd . The beats are hot
 Pokey is no doubt the hardest pit in the litter , the realist ni ## a out of H-TOWN ever sence Mr.FAT PAT left us R.I.P. PAT the cd is the most jammin ' if you know music the most crisp clean flow you gone ever hear thats real !!!
 Classic from the underground . Beautiful album . Every track bangs hard - This music is dark , evocative , and entropic , but it is also ultimately an affirming celebration of being alive . RIP Screw . RIP Pimp C. RIP Big Moe . RIP Fat Pat . RIP HAWK .
 This is probably the best southside CD to ever come out . Pretty much every song has a guest or 2 on the track . From the late Fat Pat , to Botany Boys , Mr. 3-2 , Big Steve , Chris Ward , H.A.W.K , and many more . This is how a southside CD should always be .
 Big Pokey is one of the best rappers out of the South . No one can do it like him . This album is a small example of what he can do on the mic . Need more proof , listen to the old Screw tapes . You must have this cd in your collection and be on the look out for that new Big Pokey coming soon !!!
 This is an amazing blend of hot beats and a good rapper . It 's underground , so many of you might be nervous about buying it . But , I 'll tell you , Pokey sounds a lot like Biggie Smalls -LRB- BIG -RRB- . He has biggie 's style , usin words like sho nuff . Pokey 's lyrics are good , but a few lyrics could use a little work . A few of his songs have complex beats , but most have a little bit of a more simple beat . The album comes together great . Get it ! Trust me ... its worth the money
 That boy Poyo put it down.This is the best album I have heard in a while
 like he said hes the hardest pit in da litter Poyo went to dat yates just like me so you know we got ta put it down fo him
 front track 1 to 17 is so rea
 I confess to being a Hamelin fanatic ! To me , Marc-Andre Hamelin is the best pianist performing today and I anxiously await new recordings by him . The Brahms is one of the greatest concertos ever written and it 's one of my favorites . Hamelin plays it supperbly and the orchestra , under Litton 's leadership , provides exceptional support . This is a `` must have '' CD for anyone who loves great piano playing . The Hyperion sound is fabulous , as usual too .
 This recording of the Brahms Piano Concerto No. 2 is my first experience with this piece and I think it 's an absolutely wonderful . Hamelin , whom a lot feel plays stiff and mechanically , plays with surprising musicality and fluidity .
 Practically ignored by music criticism -LRB- even by indie critics -RRB- , this record really makes everything DFA has produced sound like crap -LRB- by the way , I love DFA -RRB- ... Soulwax has always been a rock band as oposed to their alias `` 2 many djs '' that is used for electronic work , remixing and DJing . But this record takes the better of both names , Soulwax remixed -LRB- or re-created -RRB- their own songs and if that was not enough they open the album with an amazing rock cover of Daft Punks 's `` Teachers '' . 2manyDJS has also been known for their bastard pop tracks , and they do it here too in songs like `` NY Lips '' -LRB- sampling Funky town in a much more `` funky '' way than the original -RRB- ... Potent beats and basslines are heard all over the songs , samples and lyrics are funny and fascinating.My humble advice
 In lieu of a new studio album , Soulwax have done the increasingly common thing and released a remix record to quench the public 's thirst for new material . Remix releases can be nasty , barrel scraping affairs -LRB- just look at the recent Le Tigre compilation for proof -RRB- , but in light of the critical hiding Any Minute Now copped upon its release in 2004 , it 's interesting to note the favourable attention Soulwax have attracted since NY Excuse was released earlier in the year in remixed form . Although that radio-friendly track does n't make it to Nite Versions , there 's two other versions of NY Excuse on offer , with NY Lipps incorporating a smattering of Lipps , Inc 's classic disco cheese Funky Town to groovy effect . While second version Another Excuse is a DFA and Soulwax collaboration , sadly the gathering of minds looks better on paper than it sounds in reality , ensuring NY Lipps and its pots and pans percussion make for the better NY Excuse remix . Elsewhere on Nite Versions Soulwax 's Dewaele brothers cover Daft Punk on album opener Teachers , completely reinvent E Talking save for a bassline and add an air of volatility to Compute via the use of a harpsichord.As proven by their 2 Many DJs sideline , the Dewaeles know their way around a mix disc , with Nite Versions sampling LA Style 's James Brown Is Dead on I Love Techno , adding Ultravox-style flourishes to Accidents And Compliments and seguing tracks with a perfect fusion.Next up is their production role with Canada 's Tiga , but for now Nite Versions satisfactorily keeps the interest in the Belgians high .
 I do n't know if anyone else thinks like me but the Electronic Dance scene has been a little stale as of late . Dao n't get me wrong , I 'm an electronic dance music fan through & through , just lately there has n't been anything that 's really jumped out at me . The minimal tech scene is getting waaaaaaaaaaay too much attention and nice , infectious , groovy , uplifting whatevers are no where to be found . Anyway , I 'd heard of this album but never paid too close attention to it . I had no idea what I 'd been missing . HOLY SH!T am I impressed , this is exactly whats been missing for the past couple years . I 've been waiting for this for so long , yet here it was this whole time . From beginning to end this CD grabs hold & does n't let go , simply amazing music from start to finish . Do all yourselves a favor and buy this CD , it 's finally available domestically , there 's no reason not to own it . You 'll thank me later .
 I just do n't get it - SOULWAX has been around since the 90s , when they released their `` rock '' debut -LRB- on the now defunct Almo Sounds -RRB- , chock full of should-have-been radio hits , and then when while they got some attention for their `` 2 Many DJs '' mash-up/remix bootlegs , when they return to a full-fledged band , as with last year 's ANY MINUTE NOW , critcs & consumers alike barely took notice of that album 's amazing writing , production , and sheer electro-rock power . Hopefully , `` Nite Versions '' -LRB- a cheeky title recalling when 80s bands like Duran Duran used to release `` Nite Version '' on 12 '' of singles for clubs -RRB- will garner more sales and attention for SOULWAX - the songs practically leap out of the speakers to grab your neck and turn you head and make you move . Ca n't wait to hear what they do TIGA on his upcoming `` Sexor '' debut ... ?
 I just love this album . Soulwax is great but this house/rave mix is even better . Ca n't stop moving while you listen to it .
 wow - this is like the most amazing album ever . Every track so rocks ... specially1 -RRB- E-talking2 -RRB- NyLipps3 -RRB- I love Techo.great job guysMusicChoice played their whole album this Saturday night . . and I was jamming to it the whole time going `` wow '' . one more thing , if you 're not into House/Techno/electronic then you do n't want none of this , cause you wo n't feel it .
 one word
 from the start to the end , all tracks write a history and dont stop pumping up your brain , the best electro rock record i heard .
 ... somebody oughtta rerelease all of Clarence Carter 's great ' 80 's -90 's Ichiban Records/CC label productions . He made some great party stuff during this era . This came shortly after his great single `` Strokin ' '' -LRB- B/W `` Love Me With A Feeling '' -RRB- and I tell you , the bluesman had lost none of his friskiness or naughtiness with this one . `` G-Spot '' , `` Hot Dog '' -LRB- Baby , jam -- you 're the best stroker from Alabam . -RRB- , and `` How Did You Feel '' all are solid multitracked , multiinstrumental , multiphonkay tracks from the talented Clarence Carter . You may ask , `` Zen , if its out of catalog , howcum you got ta copy of it ? '' -- one of my buddies saw it at a CD shop and bought it for me . Good looking out , man . Hopefully , you too can find it or have a buddy who looks out ferya to get it ... it is rare , underrated and every track is a good ` un .
 `` g-spot '' is n't as good as the song `` dr cc '' , but clarence is in full effect on this entire cd!get this right after you get the album dr cc with `` strokin '' ! narry a soul has been dissapointed by both as far as I can say , and your woman will go crazy when you finally discover that g-spot-with the good dr 's direction of coarse !
 Gene O'Quin was born in Texas , came to fame in California and died before he could gain much acclaim . Nevertheless he has become an underground favorite of fans of West Coast country , rockabily , and Texas honky tonk . This collection contains thirty songs from 1950-55 which originally appeared on the Capitol and Intro labels . This little known Texas artist deserves much more attention and a wider audience . You 'll thank me for buying it .
 This wonderful 30 track CD of Gene Oquin 's offerings will have ya tappin ' your toes , slappin ' your knees , and grinnin ' from ear to ear ! With all due respect to Hank Williams Sr , Gene Oquinn is just as good , if not better ! Rich with steel guitar , fiddles , honky-tonk style piano playin ' , and serious twang in Gene 's vocals , this CD simply ROX !!! Recorded over 50 years ago , the audio quality will give you chills ... it 's that good ! If you enjoy real down-home hillbilly boogie , please buy this CD . It will be a crown in your CD collection . Thank you Bear Family !
 I heard Gene O'Quin sing most of these songs in person . In the early 50s I spent most every Saturday night at the ElMonte Leigon Stadium for Cliffy Stones Hometown Jamboree -LRB- sorta like a west coast Grand ol Opery -RRB- . Gene was a regular along with the likes of Molly Bee and Tennessee Ernie Ford.He had a singing style that grabbed your attention . I heard the original , the recording of that voice would rate a 5 .
 I think that the Deodato concerts are very rich , as he used real strings and band musicians , as well as you can appreciate the John Tropea excelent renditions on guitar .
 first off , yes these are rerecordings.each studio has its own unique sound.i thought tommy roe 's voice was great when these were recorded in 1981 . to me there is some mystery about the place and time of these of these particular recordings and who owns them . i have always thought they were recorded in gusto studios in 1981 . the original gusto album did not give much info about the recording of the songs.these same particular recordings have popped up on at least five different cds by five different companies . sometimes i wonder if mr. tommy roe does not own them.if you are looking for the original recordings check elsewhere . i wish roe had done ` winters day ' , ` sweet sounds ' , and even ` moon talk ' . tommy will always do a good job . i would love to have seen tommy roe , billy joe royal , and joe south when they performed in plains a number of years back.check out billy joe royal on ` studio 102 essentials ' . billy joe will sing anybody 's songs and pull it off . with the stuff they use-they ca n't lose . ------ richard bennett-south georgia-next to juniors junk yard.you might wonder if i am on shine after reading my reviews-well who knows ?
 Coming at this CD as a complete novice to Drum and Bass music , it was totally mind blowing . At last a band that could use the techniques to make a complete album . The music mixes up a variety of dance and jazz to produce a superb sound , that is both good for listening and dancing to . Kelly , the lead singer , has one of the best female voices I have heard . Her voice is both passionate and soft , but she brings a down to earth feel to every word.Unfortunately the Album is too long and like many Drum and Bass -LRB- or Dance -RRB- albums there are , as call them , filler tracks , beats and sounds that could have been used to make a complete tune . These filler tracks sound like overlong intros . I have resorted to writing down the tracks I want to listen too , so I can program my cd player.The Album moves on from their earlier stuff and produces a new style of sound with a retro feel.However no matter how many filler tracks are on this album it is definaitely worth having.Well done to E-Z rollers , look forward to the next album
 really nice music for headphones or dancefloor . jazzy with nice texture with slammin beats.nothing that ground breaking . but completely solid.it might be worth waiting for the domestic release unless you 're a trillionare
 Funk , acid jazz , hardhitting breakbeats ... you got it . This is one of the finest drumnbass cds around by some of the most talented yet underrated DJs around . This cd is a must buy !
 Ohhhhh my goodd ! This CD is too good to be true ! it has wicked beats and tunes and is perfect for every thing ! A definate must buy ! Go get it now !
 THIS IS SIMPLY A GREAT ALBUM , FULLA CLASSIC BEATS AND SUPER FUTURISTIC INTELLIGENT BASS . ON OF MY FAVORITES .
 I 'm not gon na do a long drawn out review . Its a really good cd that has some extreamly moody and beautiful tracks such as `` Let Me In '' , `` Just One Minute '' and `` Enchanted . The only reason I give it a 4 instead of 5 is because some of the songs are a bit similar . But over all this is a quality cd worth owning . It has that modern classic beatdown sound that I love .
 Gloria Lynne has one of the most beautiful and distinct voices I have ever heard . Her voice is as plush as velvet and as sweet as honey . I consider her to be one of the few real divas left from the old school , members of which include Dinah Washington , Ella Fitzgerald , Sarah Vaughn , Nancy Wilson , and Betty Carter -LRB- sorry if I may have left out any of your personal favorites -RRB- . Every song on this album is excellent , along with the jazzy orchestration , which is probably why it was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1990 . Gloria gives a freshness to `` He 's Out Of My Life '' , almost making it a new song . The mellow sound of `` You Keep Turning Me On , '' is reminiscent of the small jazz clubs where the singer knows many of the audience members by name . The title song `` A Time For Love '' , shows off Gloria 's early classical training and withstands the test of time . Her jazzier side is highlighted in the tune `` But Beautiful '' and `` Love Is Blind . '' Gloria knows how to sing all types of music and her blues like approach to `` Trust In Me '' is heartwrenching yet warming . Her delivery of `` I Thought About You '' , and `` Come Get Your Share '' is light and whimsical and makes you feel happy all over . Of course you ca n't go wrong in ending such a splendid album with the old favorite `` I 'm In The Mood For Love ' , and I think after listening to this album we all will be in the mood !! This Album is a winner for me !!!!!
 `` A Time For Love '' is clearly time for Gloria Lynne and this superb collection is an inspired musical celebration by an extraordinary singer , Gloria Lynne just gets better as time goes by . `` He 's Out Of My Life '' is magically haunting as Miss Lynne smolders in this timeless classic that sticks with you long after it is over . Finding a funky groove in `` You Keep On Turnin ' Me On '' creates a real cooker while `` A Time For Love '' becomes a torchy masterpiece and definitive version of the classic from motion picture `` Romeo And Juliet '' . No less than three great self-penned songs show Gloria Lynne is musical through and through with `` Lend Me Yesterday '' exotic and haunting sounding like a great standard flowing well with other classics in this wondrous set . `` But Beautiful '' is hauntingly gorgeous and `` Trust In Me '' is a soulfully sung beautiful version of another timeless classic . Gloria and guitar make `` Love Is Blind '' a stunning ballad and a jazzy `` I Thought About You '' is sublime never sounding quite like it does here . The last Gloria Lynne original is a real cooker with Gloria turning `` Come Get Your Share '' inside out . As in most great works the best is saved for the finale and the stunning `` I 'm In The Mood For Love '' is quite simply glorious . Tremendous collection is a `` must have '' for anyone who loves The Art Of Great Singing at a sublime peak ... get this masterful collection fast while available ! Bravo to you Gloria Lynne and your wonderfully gifted and greatly inspired musicans ...
 I bought this and another Gloria Lynne cd after a friend gave me No Detour , which I like marginally better.It is one thing to rave about the voice - and hers is not surpassed by anyone else - but her selection of material is outstanding.Right up there almost with Nina Simone to my taste .
 This cd is really great.BUT ITS NOT A GAME!they 're not long versons though , only 90 odd seconds each.If that Claire , also from the UK -LRB- who was disappointed with the cd -RRB- wants to get in touch , i know where you can get games with the songs you want.I 'm assuming you 're after all the cool songs from euromix.If so , they are on 2nd and 3rd mix games from japan.but there are also US versions available too .
 What can I say ? I spend an average of at least fifteen dollars a week playing this game for many reasons . Not only do I get a complete workout , the music just rawks my sawks . That 's why I decided I had to throw in my two cents about this CD.I ordered this CD like , a few days ago . I ca n't wait to get it . This CD is one you can listen to for hours at a time , while never getting tired of the songs . I 'm hooked on Dam Dariram and Upside Down -LSB- they 're also fun to dance to at the arcade -RSB- , while my friend is hooked to Butterfly , Boom Boom Dollar , and La Senorita . The music ... is amazing . This is like , a worthwhile buy for anyone who likes to dance.I 've been playing the DDR 3rd Mix Arcade Game for nearly three weeks now , and I have n't gotten tired of the music at all . I 'm addicted . The game 's fun , but the music 's better!I am , as many may know , a rock fan . A lot of people wonder how I ever got into this kind of music , it does n't fit my ` personality ' . Just one listen of this CD will prove you otherwise , it is worth hearing for anyone . Anyone , I bet you , will find something on the CD worth liking.I loved ` So Many Men ' because it has this slow beat that I can have fun with . Scott loves ` Butterfly Upswing Mix ' because not only does it give you a good workout -LSB- on the arcade game -RSB- , the song is addictive , and you can even sing along , too ! ` La Senorita ' has that Latin beat that gets your hips moving , and Paranoia infuses your entire body with energy , you have to wonder how can you NOT dance to it.All in all , I HIGHLY recommend this CD to anyone who knows their music , and loves to add a special CD to their collection . I know , for a fact , that this CD will not be leaving my CD player for at least six months ... at least .
 i have ordered this cd of here but it will take abit to get to me as i live in England . But i have danced and sang along to it at the arcades ive been to and i think its great if you love to dance . My favorite songs are what a feeling and in the navey !! i also like captain jack but i love them all . .
 This cd is soooo cool . Especially the non-stop megamix the transitions are perfect , but you could be annoyed by the constant voice of the announcer . Some of what he says is very corny but you should be able to live with it -LRB- Especially when you 're playing the actual game -RRB- . All in all it 's a great CD and a great buy .
 If one were interested in my reviews he would see that the few I have have laid towards the negative . Not the case here . Third Mix is the king of all DDR , with all songs being somewhat speedy and having a good beat -LRB- 5 or so do n't -RRB- this soundtrack is tight . This one is actually worth 50.00 , forget any other soundtrack .
 I originally purchased this soundtrack from an importer when I heard it was coming out . And I was far from disappointed . It quickly replaced the 2nd Mix soundtrack that hardly left my CD player.This soundtrack collects the songs from the incredibly popular dancing game of the same name . It 's huge over in Japan , where they 're almost ready to release the 5th mix of the game , and thankfully it 's finally finding its own here in the states . The soundtrack features import stars , as well as American type artists like Technotronic and Chumbawumba.And as always , the non-stop mega-mix CD provides a sweet party CD when you do n't want to worry about changing the music . Trust me , as far as dance music goes , you wo n't be disappointed.Now if you excuse me , I have to go listen to my 4th mix soundtrack that just showed up in the mail .
 The songs on DISC 1 are not the full versions , they are the game versions of the songs.You get the whole soundtrack here , PLUS you get hits from 2nd mix as well.Disc 2 is a remix of all the tracks , and they are mixed beautifully . You can put Disc 2 in and have a dance party . They really spent a lot of time mixing the songs . Also , on Disc 2 some songs are longer than the version in the arcade , so you get to hear more of certain songs.I highly recommend this CD to any DDR fan .
 Third Mix was , without question , one of the best mixes of DDR ever released . This CD is a full compilation of songs from that game . It 's too bad you need a converter to play the Japanese DDR games on an American playstation2 , but if you ca n't play , at least listen ! Awesome songs , keep the games coming in the USA !
 This CD is so tight ! It has some cool and original songs that you can dance to . There 's so many songs to listen to and they 're all very good ! Anyone who likes to dance , listen to music , or just like phat beats , I recommend to get this ! ... you 're getting your money 's worth out of it !
 Thematically , Letters From Home is similar to Tracy Lawrence 's Strong . Both focus on the importance of family , home , and life as it is lived on the human scale over against the larger concerns of the outside world . Neither one claims that the affairs of the world `` do n't amount up to a hill of beans compared to you and me , baby '' ; but they do remind in this post-911 world that family and home are what it 's all about.Unlike Lawrence , Montgomery is more treasured as `` the voice '' . Vocally , he is more a baritone than a tenor and is more soothing to the ears-a little more `` western '' and `` cowboy '' sometimes . Montgomery also is more known for some plainly sentimental songs in the past such as `` I Love the Way You Love Me '' and `` I Can Love You Like That '' . He has a special attraction , many woman claim , because he can sing tenderly and tug at the heartstrings . This can backfire on any artist because if he does this too often he will soon not be taken seriously . And Montgomery has teetered close to the edge several times in his career.Lawrence 's Strong dealt with the refuge of family and home and the dangers that could take it all away . Montgomery chooses to focus more on the human ties that make up this sanctuary.The CD begins with a particularly `` southern '' interest in `` Good Ground '' . The song runs at a fair clip in country rock fashion . One can wonder at the value of a bunch of dirt beyond what it can do for crops but the singer is n't talking about agriculture . It is about a sense of `` place '' and how home nurtures life and is the scene where children and families gather the wealth of experience and affection to live life . `` Letters From Home '' -LRB- the first single -RRB- is a moderately `` walking '' tune about the things family members say to soldier children who are in dangerous places far away . Sometimes it is when we are afraid we will lose them we finally say what it is we want them to know . It is simple and suggestive-imagine it is a popular but difficult song to hear if you are a soldier or Marine in Afghanistan or Iraq . `` That 's What I 'm Talking About '' celebrates to joys of a man and a woman . `` Look At Me Now '' is an object lesson about `` I did everything right but I got it all wrong '' . The song is open to interpretation ; but `` you see , all that I 've done does n't matter at all / it 's what I leave here when I 'm gone '' suggests that the family the singer did not have on the path to success was the `` pearl of great price '' he foolishly did not grasp . `` Goes Good With Beer '' is a little bit of comic relief and every bit the good-timey country tune it sounds like . A song that champions the pleasure of life in a world of trouble , it surely will be an upcoming popular hit . `` Cool '' runs over the same theme as Kenny Chesney 's `` There Goes My Life '' from the viewpoint of a son who does n't understand why his dad is n't more `` with it '' . Some may complain that it is just an `` anti-abortion '' song . It is every bit of that ; but it is more about a man who holds to honor and obligation rather than the fashion of the day . `` It Rocked '' is the closest Montgomery gets to an outright rock song . Again , it harks back to the country/rock sound of the 1970 's ; but it swings . Like `` That Changes Everything '' that follows it , it is about the personal anchors in life that keep us grounded and make life meaningful . `` Break This Chain '' is about getting away from what gets between us and the ones we love . `` Little Devil '' seems a little out of place except as a light and fun end to some serious stuff . After all , the mild mannered girl the singer wants to skinny dip with in the Jacuzzi could be just a one-night stand for all we know . No one says it 's his wife or girlfriend . And the sly little `` this can be our little secret/we do n't have to tell no one '' is undoubtedly suggestive . But this is country music ! We ca n't all be so solemn and dead serious all the time . Besides , some of the best families come out of an indecent skinny dip.Home . Hearth . Family . Sex . These are things that make a great nation . In this case , they also make a great CD .
 I admit that I bought this album for the title track alone . After all , had that been the only good track on this CD I still would have felt that it was worth my money.But the title track is just the beginning for this fine country offering by John Michael Montgomery . I found myself listening to and enjoying every track on LETTERS FROM HOME . Montgomery 's smoother-than-silk voice is one of the finest in country music today and his straight-forward approach to his music comes through in every note . You wo n't want to miss this one.THE HORSEMAN
 John Michael Montgomery has asserted himself as a radio mainstay in the nineties . Though he got little airplay since then -- `` The Little Girl '' is the only hit I can think of -- this album promises to deliver him back into the spotlight . He has left behind the twang of his previous efforts , and has chosen a good selection of substantial , well-written and BELIEVEABLE material.LETTERS begins with `` Good Ground , '' an uptempo number about family and love that continues on most of the other songs . The title track is a gut-wrenching number -LRB- admit it , you had a tear in your eye when you first heard it -RRB- that indeed stands out , but is not the only good tune on here . `` Look At Me Now '' is a confessional number about growing older , while `` Cool '' deals with the consequences faced in life . `` That 's What I 'm Talkin About '' is a romp that manages to skewer gossipers AND contain suggestive lyrics -LRB- a similar vein is followed on `` Little Devil '' -RRB- . `` Goes Good With Beer '' is destined to become a honky-tonk classic , while `` Break This Chain '' is pretty much it 's opposite -- the story of a man from a long line of alcoholics praying for the strenght to defeat his curse . `` That Changes Everything '' shows us the surprise directions life can take , while `` It Rocked '' lets us know that life 's greatest moments and sensations come from the simple things.LETTERS FROM HOME is easily John Michael Montgomery 's best album . While Montgomery has situated himself as frontman for radio-friendly music -LRB- ironically , big-brother Eddie is doing the same thing for outlaw country -RRB- , he shows us that he does indeed know what a good country song is about ... His voice is neither world-class nor run-of-the-mill , but he uses it for all it 's worth , and it 's worth a pretty penny . LETTERS FROM HOME will make you cry , make you laugh , make you sing , and even -- if you 're really in the mood -- make you dance . A great album by one of today 's best performers .
 Prime Cuts
 Great album . very good `` story '' songs . obviously , the title track is the stand out , but there are a few others that are worthy of praise too . `` good ground '' is an up tempo number that should be a hit . `` look at me now '' is a ballad that will likely be a favorite of everybody . `` goes good with beer '' is the type of song that will be a well known sing along if it gets released to radio . `` that changes everything '' is another mid tempo tune that is very enjoyable . i did n't find any filler songs on the entire cd . it 's a must buy for anybody . . not just jmm fans .
 Prime Cuts
 Of the flood of post-September 11 patriotic tunes , few have reached the lyrical heights of Alan Jackson 's `` Where Were You , '' and in general most songs in the ouvre have been clumsy and ham-fisted , stuff like Toby Keith 's oafish and embarrassingly bad `` Courtesy Of The Red , White & Blue '' and `` American Soldier '' or Daryll Worley 's catchy but poorly reasoned `` Do You Remember , '' songs that seek to persuade or score points in the ongoing cultural turf war back on the homefront . In contrast , this album 's title track , Tony Lane and David Lee 's `` Letters From Home , '' transcends the politics of the moment with an understated , emotionally resonant , well-crafted portrait of a soldier at war whose crushing daily regime is lightened by news from the folks back home . By not mentioning Saddam or Osama , the song retains a timelessness , speaking to the hardships and determination of soldiers in general , not just those send abroad in the Bush years , and its rise to the top of the charts is quite justly deserved . Though not as powerful as the single , the rest of the album is also pretty good -- on the very next track , Montgomery mentions seeing the war on the evening news , but lapses into escapism and the comfort of baby 's arms . On the whole , though , singing one great song with such emotional power ai n't bad , and fans who buy this album just on the strength of that track alone will not be disappointed by the rest of the disc .
 Even people who do n't listen to country music should love `` Letters from Home '' . That 's a great song , the video as well . This album is real good work , one of the best from John Michael . I wish I could meet Big and Rich and put it under their nose .
 JMM has never released a bad album . Many would say this is a comeback album but every couple of years he releases an album with great hits . For some reason , radio has n't played some of his great songs from his latest albums . `` Goes Good With Beer '' and `` Little Devil '' would be great singles to spice up country radio . `` Letters From Home '' deserves to be single of the year and `` Cool '' is not far behind . The more I listen to the album , the more I love it .
 I have this cd and just LOVE it ! The 2nd song , letters from home just makes you think about the men and woemen over seas right now and how sad it must be . I just want to thank them!And for you , go out and get this cd !
 Letters from home is an awesome CD ! We had two soldiers visit us who just got home from Iraq ~ I bought one of these CDs for each of them . We all listened to `` Letters from Home '' -LRB- the title track , LOL -RRB- and there was n't a dry eye in the room.I 'd buy the CD for that one song alone ~ EXCEPT that ALL the songs are great !!!! Soooo ... buy it ! : -RRB-
 If you like John Michael montgomery this is by far his best CD and `` letters from home '' is by far my faviorate track on the CD .
 Of the flood of post-September 11 patriotic tunes , few have reached the lyrical heights of Alan Jackson 's `` Where Were You , '' and in general most songs in the ouvre have been clumsy and ham-fisted , stuff like Toby Keith 's oafish and embarrassingly bad `` Courtesy Of The Red , White & Blue '' and `` American Soldier '' or Daryll Worley 's catchy but poorly reasoned `` Do You Remember , '' songs that seek to persuade or score points in the ongoing cultural turf war back on the homefront . In contrast , this album 's title track , Tony Lane and David Lee 's `` Letters From Home , '' transcends the politics of the moment with an understated , emotionally resonant , well-crafted portrait of a soldier at war whose crushing daily regime is lightened by news from the folks back home . By not mentioning Saddam or Osama , the song retains a timelessness , speaking to the hardships and determination of soldiers in general , not just those send abroad in the Bush years , and its rise to the top of the charts is quite justly deserved . Though not as powerful as the single , the rest of the album is also pretty good -- on the very next track , Montgomery mentions seeing the war on the evening news , but lapses into escapism and the comfort of baby 's arms . On the whole , though , singing one great song with such emotional power ai n't bad , and fans who buy this album just on the strength of that track alone will not be disappointed by the rest of the disc .
 This is inspired playing , with life and enthusiasm lifting memorable melodies . Donald Brown has a remarkable melodic sense and is one of the best at `` comping '' behind a soloist . This record is one of the most played in my collection over the last 18 years or so . The solos are intense , but never combative with the joyous spirit of the melodies and catchy hooks in the tunes .
 Of all the AEC recordings , I think that this recording best defines who the AEC is.It generally is more raw than their ECM recordings , and this has the best balance between improvistation and composition . You have the otherworldly Illistrum , the raw but ritualistic title track , the R&B tinged Scuffle Shuffle , and a few vibrant non-Western styles in What 's to Say . Nonaah is how Stockhausen would have sounded if he had hung out in the South Side of Chicago.This effort has a get-down-to-business approach which leaves virtually no dead spots on this project.This recording gets the highest of possible ratings .
 I heard FANFARE FOR THE WARRIORS for the first time when it finally appeared on CD in 1999 . The original LP had been released in 1974 . It is the Art Ensemble 's finest studio recording ! Joined by Muhal Richard Abrams on piano , it is a flawless representation of the band 's facets , talents , and overall effect . FANFARE opens with Joseph Jarman reading an epic Pan-African poem by Malachi Favors over the famous Ensemble `` little instruments . '' This captures the theatrical and mythical elements of the band at the outset . Their performances were always rituals . The rest of the album is a perfect symmetrical journey . The sadly departed Lester Bowie kicks things off with the rollicking `` Barnyard Scuffel Shuffel . '' Roscoe leads us into the mystical with his `` Nonaah , '' culminating with the journey 's destination -- Jarman 's `` Fanfare . '' A slighter Jarman piece `` What 's to Say '' leads back to another enigmatic Mitchell passage , `` Tnoona . '' The journey closes as always with a blues beat -- this time it 's Roscoe 's `` The Key . `` The best Art Ensemble recording is the live URBAN BUSHMEN , but FANFARE is a close second , and is a perfect introduction to the band . The overall effect was/is always greater than the sum of the parts , but each part is more perfectly realized on this album than anywhere else in their recorded output .
 Along with Bap-tizum this lp is a must and aptly documents the excitement that was the Art Ensemble of Chicago in the early 70 's . From the lyrical exploration of `` Illistrum '' to the freeform taunting of the title track to the classically influenced `` Tnoona '' each and every song takes you on a sonic spiritual journey that few jazz records ever achieve . It 's interesting to note that they did not release another album for five years and when they did their music had changed somewhat which makes this record that much more important as it is the final document of their first phase and an important one it is .
 `` Time Note '' may be singer-songwriter Hanako Oku 's most widely known CD . It contains her two big hits from the 2006 anime film `` The Girl Who Leapt Through Time . '' Her songs are romantic , emotional piano ballads sung in Japanese . Every track is heart warming -- or heart BREAKING , sometimes it is hard to tell . I 'm not sure if my heart is breaking or filled with joy . The playing and singing is so good , you do not have to understand Japanese to feel the emotional effect . Her voice is like an angel.This is a great album from a great artist .
 If you 've driven an hour to hear Ed Goldstein and Buddy Wachter , suffered through an interminable opening act to hear Jonathan Dorn and Leon Redbone , lamented that you 've worn out the grooves your Howard Johnson and Taj Mahal `` Real Thing '' album , and purchased all of the recordings of Sam Pilafian and Frank Vignola , why , then , this is your genre . It 's just plain fun -- it makes you want to go make friends with a banjo player . The next best thing to having Eli Newberger , Butch Thompson and Jimmy Mazzy on your porch this summer would be to sit out there yourself with your boom box , your old rocking chair , a glass of iced tea , and this CD . The title of this recording is the same as that of a book by Newberger on the development of male character -LRB- Perseus , 1999 -RRB- . In the liner notes , Newberger cites a previous concert series `` Themes of Intimacy and Aggression , '' as using much of the same material as this recording , but one could simply characterize the men providing inspiration for these selections as `` bad guys and good guys , '' from `` Big Bad Bill , '' to being `` Wild About Harry . '' I can almost believe Jimmy Mazzy when he sings that he `` Ai n't Misbehavin ' . ''
 This is a great album ! I bought their first album at a concert , and fell in love with it , -LRB- I bought this off Amazon MP3 -RRB- and Tall Tales is even better than Tripping Maggie . I can not wait for the next album to come out !
 This is an excellent album with some great fiddle playing . Ryan is amazing to watch when he plays in person . You can feel the emotion he puts into each song .
 I was realy surprised , when I heard this music.This Summer in Ibiza I found the CD everywhere , so Ibougth it.A pleasure for Your ears .
 I heard `` Troya '' on Sirius/XM 's Chill station , and set about finding the music . `` Dreaming Of '' appears not to be available in MP3 -LRB- or I just missed it -RRB- . If you have to buy it on CD , wait for a reasonable price here , or find it somewhere else online . Having heard the entire disc , I would have paid a lot more than I did . Still , the reseller prices I see as of this writing are a bit steep . I paid $ 18.50 including shipping -- a normal price for a title outside the mainstream . Worth every penny .
 Really only wanted three songs on there but found a few more classics that I remember now !!
 Of many CDs I 've purchased in the last couple of years , this easily ranks as one of the best . Kudos to Muse for finally recording Spaulding as a leader in 1988 and now to Joel Dorn for reissuing the disk.As the title indicates , `` Brilliant Corners '' is filled with music by Monk . But what stands out is the freshness of the interpretations of the master 's pieces . Rather than simply trying to sound like Monk , Spaulding and his cohorts try -- very successfully -- to make music that builds on Monk 's ideas.Spaulding tears through every solo he has on alto , and offers beautiful contrast with his flute playing , as on `` Let 's Cool One . '' He 's aided by trumpeter Wallace Roney , who abandons his occasional propensity for imitating Miles Davis and instead lets his own sound shine through . Pianist Mulgrew Miller has never sounded better . In fact , the whole group -LRB- Ron Carter on bass and Kenny Washington on drums -RRB- strongly delivers the message that they are playing music that they love . There is no better way to express that love than by offering the robust voicings that you hear on this disk.If there is a regret when you listen to this music it is that Spaulding , who contributed so much to Blue Note dates in the '60s , has had so few opportunities to further explore his own muse . Better late than never .
 Story goes that after a number of excellent second horn sessions on mid 60 's Blue Note where flute.alto , and soprano were wielded masterfully by James Spaulding he was given a shot as a leader.He was the non star -LRB- leader -RRB- that was called in many , many times.But at the point he got his offer Direction/Production had switched from Alfred Lion to Francis Wolff and A&R ; fro Ike Quebec to Duke Pearson.Bottom line was they offered Spaulding a shot if he would fit into the new funky blues idiom of the Liberty era and he refused not being true to the hard bop form.Well even though he recorded few albums as a leader latter on labels like Muse -LRB- `` Smile Of The Snake '' and `` Blues Nexus are also fine 4 star or better efforts -RRB- . He he has and excellent session with Wallace Ronney on trumpet , Mulgrew Miller and Ron Carter on bass , and Kenny Washington on drums.Fine line up.And though there are so many Monk tribute Lp 's it is the musicianship wielded with passion that makes this a cut of above.As mentioned his flute playing is fine.I find jazz flute hit or miss and here it just works fine.Not a direct copy of the Monk style it shows th timeless of the compositions -LRB- not that a total analogue LP with some personal character is bad-see Walter Davis Jr. piano solo `` In Walked Thelonius '' -RRB- . I 'd call this no an essential Lp but for Monk fans it may be.CheersChazz
 What a great CD and great value too . James Spaulding plays flute on a number of tunes , it 's great ! An excellent band that includes Ron Carter . I especially like the version of Let 's Cool One and Brilliant Corners .
 If you enjoy spy novels primarily for their depiction of paranoia , this album is well worth getting . The lyrics were written by Jeanette Obstoj , and for me they play a huge part in making this album tense , sometimes unsettling , and interesting . Basically , I think the lyrics are great , and Rupert Hine does a great job of delivering them in a very precise , chilly , and thankfully unaffected voice.It might be a concept album . Certainly thematically there is a great deal of continuity from song to song . To emphasize that , Rupert Hine mixed it so many of the songs fade up from out of the preceding one , which makes the album seem more cohesive.Musically , it has a bit of a prog-rock , new wave/synthesizer feeling . A few things save it from the perils of either genre -LRB- bombast and brittle anemic prodcution , that is -RRB- . First , the production is fantastic . Crystalline , really . What synthesizers there are sound quite varied and interesting , and not thin imitations of string lines like so many early 80s synth bands used . Think more Japan or Thomas Dolby than say Duran Duran or other less interesting bands . Also , there 's a lot of acoustic percussion on this , like marimba and wood blocks . Second , the music and songs are very economic and tense , with very little messing around on solos . As good as the music is , it 's very much a vehicle for the lyrical subject matter , which is tense , nervous , and very much in the crosshair 's site . Third , Rupert Hine is a great soundpainter , using thunder , rain , and ticking clocks to heighten the mood , making the overall impression very much like a spy movie or film noir.This album might be almost 30 years old , but the quality of the production , arrangements , subject matter -LRB- paranoia and espionage will never go out of style -RRB- , and playing render it incapable of aging in a negative way . Fantastic job , Rupert !
 This was the 2nd recording in Hine 's early 80 's A&M Trilogy . As fine as it is , his first , Immunity , is the better work . This one lacks some of the intensity , and downright scariness that marked some of the previous work . Still , there are some standout tracks such as `` The Set-Up '' with clever lyrics and a great melody . `` Eleven Faces '' explodes with a vast sound . `` Dark Windows '' is set to the sound of a Thunderstorm , and is suitably brooding and haunting . Get this one after Immunity , but well worth having if you like Immunuty .
 Although all of Mr Hines work is high quality , Waving Not Drowning -LRB- for me -RRB- is the highlight of the 3 A&M projects . The song `` Curious Kind '' is simply a masterpiece!The remastering is of the quality you have come to expect from one of Rock 's greatest producers , song writers , and performers.GET IT !
 Best known as the bearded , kinda imposing guitarist/vocalist/viking in the art-metal institution known as Neurosis , Steve Von Till is always working on other projects as well ... Harvestman being his latest musical incarnation -LRB- with help from friends , including members of Amber Asylum -RRB- , devoted to making psychedelic , electronic spacerock with a traditional folk heritage . It 's like pagans were picked up at Stonehenge by an alien spaceship and deposited on some far off planet aeons hence to make music on futuristic instruments -LRB- that we call electric guitars and synthesizers -RRB- . Lashing The Rye is mostly instrumental , with just two female vocal visitations and -LRB- on one song -RRB- the sampled voice of Bert Jansch . Also SVT `` narrates '' on one track , a la Current 93 or something . The twelve tracks here may have titles like `` Scarborough Fair '' and `` Sheep-Crook and Black Dog '' -LRB- Harvestman 's renderings of those two inspired by versions recorded by John Renbourn and Steeleye Span , respectively -RRB- but while many of the tunes here may be traditional , Harvestman 's interpretation and instrumentation sure ai n't ! Though there 's some delicate guitar and piano -LRB- and searing bagpipe -RRB- this is n't all that `` acoustic '' -- there 's also plenty of droning electronic spaciness and heavy waves of distorted electric guitar . It 's calm , and quite pretty , but massive . Folk-drone for giants . Imagine Amps For Christ teamed up with Kinski . Parts even hint at the density of SUNNO -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- or Boris . Recommended !
 This album is a great album by Steve Von Till and collaborators , comparable to his previous adventures like Static Migration with Tribes of Neurot and his Fist Solo Album As the Crow Flies . Very beautiful and Hypnotic , with good melodies and trance like moments through out the album . some of the tracks even reminiscent of Souls at Zero Neurosis . Track twelve has to be my favorite track , because you can not go wrong with bagpipes . If you are a fan of neurosis and tribes of neurot , this is a good blend inbetween the ambient sounds of tribes and the metal sounds of neurosis . highly recommended .
 At last , a performance of Saint-Sans 's ` Organ Symphony ' fit to stand alongside those of Munch -LRB- New York Philharmonic or Boston SO -RRB- , Paray and the Detroit Symphony , or Toscanini with the NBC ... Under Djong Victorin Yu the work is played straight for all it is worth , the exultant glories of Nicholas Kynaston 's organ playing blending with the enviable and immediately identifiable tonal sheen that the Philharmonia has retained right to its 50th year . For once the ending of the work is not slowed down for effect . And does n't it sound good!Carnival of the Animals is memorable on several counts
 Few pieces of music in the history of the gramophone can have suffered such indignities at the hands of insensitive record producers as Saint-Sans 's Third Symphony . A glance through the catalogues might suggest one is spoiled for choice , but to date I have only found two recordings which do full justice to the work . Now here 's a third , although altogether different ... this is a recording which not only deserves repeated listening but positively demands it . Yu reveals just what a magnificent piece of music this is ; shorn of its customary sonic spectacle the brilliant craftsmanship of Saint-Sans 's writing is displayed in unimpeded glory ... In The Carnival of the animals ... Yu opts for the version for large orchestra complete with glass harmonica -LRB- adeptly played by Alasdair Malloy -RRB- , and while it is again characterized by meticulous attention to detail , it is also a performance full of buoyant wit ...
 This CD is great for those who do n't wish to pay over twice as much for the full OSV . Not only does it include most of the best tracks from Chrono Trigger , but it also features most of the arranged tracks from the PlayStation remake of the game . The only possible downside is that it has rather sparse liner notes -LRB- a mere few paragraphs of interviews -RRB- , but the great selection more than makes up for this .
 Disc One -LRB- 74:12 -RRB- 1 -RRB- A Premonition 0:362 -RRB- Chrono Trigger 2:333 -RRB- Peaceful Days 2:454 -RRB- Guardia Millenial Fair 3:185 -RRB- Wind Scene 3:216 -RRB- Mystery of the Forest 4:477 -RRB- Frog 's Theme 1:178 -RRB- The Kingdom Trial 3:459 -RRB- Lavos ' Theme 5:1010 -RRB- Reckless Robo Gang Johnny 1:4311 -RRB- Robo 's Theme 1:3112 -RRB- The Brink of Time 2:3213 -RRB- Delightful Spekkio 2:4714 -RRB- Decisive Battle with Magus 2:4415 -RRB- Corridors of Time 3:0216 -RRB- Zeal Palace 3:5817 -RRB- Sara 's Theme 2:4418 -RRB- Undersea Palace 3:2019 -RRB- World Revolution 3:5220 -RRB- Epilogue ~ To Good Friends ~ 2:2621 -RRB- To Far Away Times 4:15 Bonus Tracks22 -RRB- Chrono and Marle -LRB- Arrange Version 1 -RRB- 0:3823 -RRB- Chrono Trigger -LRB- Arrange Version 1 -RRB- 2:0324 -RRB- Ayla 's Theme -LRB- Arrange Version -RRB- 1:3125 -RRB- Frog 's Theme -LRB- Arrange Version -RRB- 2:0026 -RRB- Chrono Trigger -LRB- Arrange Version 2 -RRB- 0:3527 -RRB- Chrono Trigger -LRB- Arrange Version 3 -RRB- 0:2728 -RRB- Sara 's Theme -LRB- Arrange Version -RRB- 1:4029 -RRB- Ending ~ Burn ! Bobonga ! ~ Frog 's Theme ~ To Far Away Times -LRB- Arrange Version -RRB- 1:0430 -RRB- Chrono and Marle -LRB- Arrange Version 2 -RRB- 0:39
 Great CD ! Great Condition ! Great Delivery Time ! I had an urging to get the CD from this classic game , and acquiring it turned out very simple .
 i listen to this all time and cant stop . love the game and having the soundtrack with me everywhere is Awesome
 This is an excellent soundtrack . It of course helps when you recognize the songs from the game . Luckily , Chrono Trigger encourages going through it multiple times .
 If you 're a fan of Chrono Trigger and its beautifully-done in-game music , this is worth a look.Keep in mind that this product has IN-GAME music . I bought this thinking that it was the actual real-world orchestral and symphonic pieces . This was not the case , unfortunately , but there are fan sites that have accomplished real-world pieces and have them available for download.It 's not worth the original amount , so snag a new or used copy from alternative vendors . $ 20 is n't bad for in-game music that deserves to be furthered .
 It has all the original music .
 This is one of the best orchestral/classical soundtracks I 've heard in quite a while . I place it right up there with my other recent favorite , `` Shakespeare in Love . '' One thing that makes this soundtrack stand out is the original opera material - written to sound like an opera written around the turn of the century -LRB- 1900 -RRB- . The opera cuts , the opening credits theme , and the closing credits are in my opinion the outstanding cuts , although there are many other very interesting and beautiful selections . -LRB- including some classical rags that are very fun to listen to -RRB- . Top notch album . I highly recommend it , and I 've heard them all . -LRB- or most of them -RRB-
 On his earlier recording `` Gotstabe a Better Way '' , James Spaulding recorded a number of songs from his suite `` Song of Courage '' . On `` Song of Courage '' , Spaulding records the title track - a swinging number with a vaguely Middle-Eastern melody - with a sextet of rock-solid musicians . Tenor saxophonist Roland Alexander contributes `` Cabu '' , `` Judy '' , and `` King '' while trombonist and former James Brown musical director Tyrone Jefferson brings the calypso-sounding `` Black Market '' to the session . James Spaulding , a master composer in his own right , contributes two songs
 Released after ` green ' in 1979 , this album of what was then considered experimental electronic music , now called ` ambient ' , is a seminal document in the field . more joyous and uplifting , and more engaging principally than others experimenting in the field at the same time , these two performances contain beautiful and melodic synth textures over which Hillage provides some liquid guitar work . it would take 12 years before Hillage would pursue this direction again in system 7 and climb the electronic heights .
 I was at the ` cosmic event ' at Earls Court in '78 or '79 when this piece of music was recorded for playback in some kind of immersion tent with lots of moody lighting and a few cushions in the centre to fall on ... stoned with aunty chemical , of course . I was nineteen and went there with my dad.Saying that , SH is one of the true expoents of ambient music - even more so than Brian Eno -LRB- who had not made ambient his own by that time -RRB- . But I think Steve understood the inner spirit of ambient better than anyone - especilly the playful side
 I first discovered this album through Pandora.com and after several listens I got kinda hooked on it and had to have my own copy . It 's probably one of the most relaxing CDs I own and I find it very easy to simply space out to the shimmering ambient sounds that Hillage has created here .
 The original version of this CD -LRB- On Caroline Records -RRB- was wonderful . The reason I purchased the remastered version was in hopes that it would have bonus tracks on it . Contrary to the product description , there are NO bonus tracks on this CD , hence the four-star rating .
 This is a whole album of mostly sweet , gentle , soothing and high toned new-age music -LRB- I say mostly , because there are moments of creative dissonance -RRB- . Recorded for the London Festival of Mind Body and Spirit which played in April of 1979 , it is a very trippy , yet consistent recording - Hillage often on glissando guitar as well as that distinctive Gong -LRB- and Pink Floyd -RRB- delayed echo-rhythm , as well as keyboards , accompanied by Miquette Giraudy on keys , synth and Tibetan bells . That 's it - no drums , bass or vocals . The effect is very soothing and high , slightly strange , but not over indulgent or boring , dull or slow -LRB- or melancholic as Eno often was -RRB- . In fact , the first composition , `` Garden of Paradise '' is very active , energetic and even hyper in a meditative way - in other words , psychically busy -LRB- like a diverse garden in the process of doing it 's thing -RRB- , and I 'm not sure I 'd want to actually sit and `` meditate '' to it . For me this is perfect background accompaniment for doing things around the house - like cooking and cleaning or artistic activities , but its a bit too intense to read to or concentrate on something else with.The ` second side ' , `` Four Ever Rainbow '' , is very much like an extended version of the lovely glissando suite on the second side of Daevid Allen 's 1977 classicNow Is Happiest Time of Your Life -LRB- funny how their glissando playing sounds almost identical huh ? -RRB- . It is the more spacey and meditative composition here , good for relaxing or taking a little mind trip to.I remember around the time of this album there was a lot of electronic new-age ambient music in the air -LRB- a la Steve Halpern -RRB- , but this has something different about it ; more warm and human , not detached cosmic vibes , but something playful and intimate like from another inhabited water bearing planet , a planet we can just as well call Gong .
 This is great for meditation or relaxing . It does not rock . Go to Gong if you want to get more Hillage that has a bit more beat . He did not play on all of the Gong albums but many of ther best ones .
 My favorite songs from The Films have to be `` Good Day , '' `` Belt Loops , '' `` Strange Hands , '' and `` Black Shoes . '' Their new album `` Do n't Dance Rattlesnake '' is full of catchy songs that pull you right in . The music is packed with emotions and well-written lyrics . I love this CD !
 I do n't buy too many CDs any more , but this one was definitely worth a purchase . Full of catchy songs with fun lyrics . I like the guitar work .
 I happened to stumble upon The Films last month and was very pleased when I heard this album . The album opener , `` Good Day '' sets an almost bouncy and upbeat tone for the album . The songs that come after follow in the same footsteps of direct and almost hilarious lyrics , very catchy hooks , and some infectious instrumentation . The vocalist is very aware of his range and use it perfectly over the various topics.The album does n't seem to have many weak points , with each song giving off a different essence and sense of purpose . Highlights would nearly include the album 's entirety . `` Black Shoes '' , `` Belt Loops '' , and `` Body Bag '' seem to be the three strongest songs on the album with the rest not far behind . Slow starts on a couple of tracks would be the only critique I could give . This album is very much so worth a purchase .
 Thank you Amazon . . My husband & I have been searching for any Dick Curless songs and have been unsuccessful until now . We first met Dick in the 60 's when he toured upstate NY . He was a warm & caring man who loved his music and passed the feeling on to his audience . Another reviewer said she felt `` goosebumps '' when she heard his music again on the CD 's , and I agree . The music world lost a great entertainer when Dick passed away , he sadly never achieved the star billing that he so greatly deserved.The way range of his voice was unreal The set of CD 's was purchased as a surprise Christmas gift for my husband , but I could n't wait that long to hear it . Beautiful music & memories ! We have nearly all of his original singles and albums but nothing can compare to this . Anyone hearing him for the first time will want to hear more . !!
 Dick Curless has got the most beautiful voice I have ever heard . His music ranges from thought provoking , to toe tapping , beer drinking music . One of his best renditions is Winter 's Coming On Again . People who appreciate good music from any genre will love this CD . I can not recommend it highly enough .
 Dick Curless , the Hard traveling man from Maine is an accurate statement , a man who dedicated his life to country music , there stood a man who sang a song with a alot of soul , as you 'll hear it on these recordings , featuring a four disc box set from the German import co. , The Bear Family . This compilation features the complete Capitol recordings from the 70 's and one of the a disc features a live show recorded at a truckers convention in Wheeling , West Virginia . The last sided disc features home recordings recorded by Curless ' son-in-law . Curless does this one solo , voice and guitar only , Bear Family received permission from Curless ' wife pryor to this rare recording , an interesting listen hearing Dick Curless ' rich baritone voice and fine guitar playing , home recordings always capture the true colors of the artist at hand , this is `` the Baron '' Dick Curless - the traveling man that one time toured with Buck Owens . Both box sets `` Traveling Man '' and `` Tombstone Every Mile '' , cover the entire career recordings of Dick Curless .
 This cd comes from the Memorial Album of the Musical 7 - Kaguya Shima Densetsu which stars famous idol , Fumina Hara as Sailor Moon . This is Fumina Hara 's second stage playing sailor moon in the sailor moon musicals and this is the last cd released from her stage . This contains many popular songs but it is the first and only ever memorial musical cd released without the sailor moon musical 's theme song , La soldier . Besides this , this cd -LRB- although not the best one -RRB- contains many good songs including Link , I do Justice , and Everlasting Moonlight . There are slow songs on this cd , but most of them are up beat songs . This cd contains beautifully arranged songs as well as good battle songs . : -RRB-
 hello all ! well , this is a real good Cd , and you just hafta get it ! it has Great songs on it and you 'd probably really enjoy it ! i got this cd for a gift from a friend , and i absolutely love it ! :-RRB- i 'm a real big Sailor Moon fanatic , and i ca n't live without Sailormoon ! hehehhe . this is a must listen to everyday for me , and i really do love it ! heheh . hope you guys all enjoy these great song ! hehehhe .
 Accessories
 The Gathering , to me , has always been an escape from the everyday music you hear . So when I heard they were releasing a B-sides and rarities collection I was more than happy . Every expectation I had , they met . I 'm dumbfounded as to how The Gathering can create such innovative and beautiful music , yet they 're still somehow overlooked . From the epic orchestrations to Anneke 's jawdropping voice , there 's no reason that everyone should n't love this music . Needless to say , if you liked The Gathering before you got this CD , if anything you 'll like them more coming out of listening to it.Disc one acts as the B-sides . A lot of B-sides have horrible sound quality but the ones on this compilation sound as if they were on a CD but were taken off at the extreme last minute . There 's a polished feel but not so polished that the music feels fabricated . The live versions featured on here are astounding . If you did n't look at the back cover to know they were live , you 'd never guess it . Anneke 's voice is gorgeous and the band is just simply amazing . How they do n't miss a single beat I 'll never know . The covers , Dead Can Dance 's In Power We Entrust The Love Advocated , Slowdive 's When The Sun Hits , and Talk Talk 's Life 's What You Make It are about the best covers I 've ever heard . Quite often you hear a band just desecrate the original but with The Gathering , it feels like they took they 're time while doing the originals justice.Disc two serves as the rarities section . From the opening track , New Moon , Different Day , you know that The Gathering is eons better than almost any band playing music today . Anneke 's vocals simply soar and will give you goosebumps , that I will guarantee . It does n't end there though , each song is equally as good as the last . Even the demos have a sound quality that could rival a studio CD . The two previously unreleased instrumentals , Diamond Box and Hjelmar 's stand true to the ones that are released . The beauty is palpable and shows tremendous skill , skill that no radio band will ever come close to . Travel from the CD How To Measure A Planet ? has always been my favorite song by The Gathering . To hear the demo is really something though , it sounds completely different while still sounding exactly the same . My second favorite track of their 's , Nighttime Birds , is the same case as Travel . I do think Anneke 's vocals are stronger on Nighttime Birds though.Overall my favorite songs are In Power We Entrust The Love Advocated , Frail , Life 's What You Make It , New Moon Different Day , Nighttime Birds , and Travel . The Gathering is a band I 've always found to be one that you have to experience rather than listen to . Yes , you can pick favorite songs but overall , each CD they released , and even this collection , seem to be made to go together . Each song seems to flow into the next seamlessly . In my opinion , no band does this genre more justice than The Gathering does .
 All fans of The Gathering need to check this out , especially those in the States where the majority of these songs are nearly impossible to find anywhere else . This compilation is worth buying for `` In Power We Entrust the Love Advocated '' -LRB- Dead Can Dance cover -RRB- and `` When the Sun Hits '' -LRB- Slowdive cover -RRB- alone ; both are heartbreakingly beautiful and feature some of Anneke 's finest vocals.Fans of The Gathering 's albums Mandylion and Nighttime Birds will be delighted with `` Adrenaline , '' a very catchy song that was written because the band needed another fast , simple , rocking song to play at concerts.I think The Gathering 's greatest album is How to Measure a Planet , and it is awesome to finally hear the demos for songs like `` Travel , '' `` My Electricity , '' and `` Red is a Slow Colour . '' `` Travel '' especially went through a lot of transformations before its final version.This double-CD has so much to offer . There are also detailed song descriptions written by the band and several photos on the inside booklet .
 If I could only have one selection by The Gathering , this would be it . Some of the alternate versions are better than what was originally released -LRB- e.g. instrumental version of Kevin 's Telescope -RRB- . This is a good introduction to the Gathering but it may set your expectations too high for the other releases . This is inventive progressive rock with an excellent female vocalist . My only reservation is the lyrical content which is weak at times .
 Although the year 2005 was one in which we did not receive a new studio album from The Gathering , it is more than likely that the band and fans will still look back on this past season as a successful one . Not only did they release the live double DVD A Sound Relief which was certainly of a high quality , but also this double disc Accessories of rare and live tracks . While it is pretty easy to say that anyone vaguely familiar with The Gathering -LRB- and I assume that is practically everyone by now -RRB- will absolutely enjoy this record , it is also safe to assume that true fans will love it tenfold because it is a disc that appears to be especially for the fans . Practically spanning their entire career , there are in total 27 tracks on this album , the majority of which are demo outtakes , alternate versions , or live recordings . And while the majority of this material may not be earth shatteringly new , fans will still give their stamp of approval because it bears all the qualities you would come to expect from these Dutch masters.Breaking it down now , the first disc focuses on the B-sides released throughout the band 's career . Here you will find many live gems including `` In Motion '' and `` Leaves '' versions which were the first live recordings with Anneke van Giersbergen after the recordings of Mandylion . You also have a nice live version of `` Strange Machines '' and yet another live version of `` Leaves '' both of these with full orchestra . The band also shows some of their roots with a couple of cover songs . For my money I found that the cover of Dead Can Dance `` In Power We Entrust The Love Advocated '' alone practically makes this disc worth the price of admission . Here we see a perfect example that epitomizes every thing that makes this band so great . Anneke 's voice is angelic amongst a beautifully haunting atmosphere , creating something both memorable and emotional . Other noteworthy tracks include alternate versions of `` Shrink '' and `` Third Chance '' from `` Nighttime Birds '' sessions.Disc 2 now is the rarities and can actually be broken down into two different sections . The first is from the `` Nighttime Bird '' sessions and the second from `` How to Measure A Planet '' Anyone who has listened to these albums before will recognize alternate versions of classic songs -LRB- some quite more different than others -RRB- What I found interesting here are some unreleased instrumentals `` Diamond Box '' and `` Hjelmar 's '' along with an instrumental version of `` Kevin 's Telescope '' . As a whole , the second disc may lose a little momentum coming off the first , but with such a large quantity of material there is hardly anything to complain about . The packaging is also first class with some great photos and information on the majority of the tracks . In conclusion , I am certain that fans of The Gathering already possess this record , and I would recommend this collection to anyone who is remotely interested in their music . - Joe Grammatico
 Tex Perkins -LRB- of Beasts Of Bourbon/The Cruel Sea/Tex , Don & Charlie fame -RRB- follows up his debut solo release , Far Be It From Me , with an even better effort on Dark Horses . The bonus disc is an absolute must for Tex fans . It features Charlie Owens on guitar . Tracks 1-5 were recorded live in Sydney on 2/9/00 . The first song is Ca n't Say No -LRB- originally app . on Beasts Of Bourbon-The Low Road -RRB- . The next two are from Far Be It From -LRB- This Is Forever & Her Own Life -RRB- . Tracks 4 & 5 are from the Tex Don & Charlie era -LRB- songs
 Tex Perkins finds a groove in this mellow acoustic album which displays his vocal talents very well . The once lead singer for The Cruel Sea , Tex is well known by many Australian listeners . New listeners will appreciate his blue style and deep raspy voice , along with some good guitar work . Although his success has been confined to Australia so far , hopefully more will come to know the sound of Tex Perkins . His mood goes well with Jeff Buckley 's `` Grace '' as well as Fiona Apple .
 I have had this album on my ` must buy ' cd list for some time and I finally got around to making the purchase in 2004 . All I can say is that I should have purchased it earlier.A wash of alternative-rock-country-blues etched with dark and somber imagery . However it 's not melancholic , just quietly introspective and laid-back . Works very well with a cup of coffee/tea , a newspaper and a lazy Sunday afternoon .
 A beautiful album from a real legend known more for his wild ` rock ' persona ! -LRB- back in the day anyway . . can you say ` Beasts Of Bourbon ' ? -RRB- . Anyway this album is worth the effort -LRB- and $ $ $ -RRB- ... Lucid is my fav , i think the single too -LRB- with great video -RRB- . Great stuff ...
 It started for me in the latter years of the 70 's when I and a few select friends of mine were discovering the treasure troves of virtually unheard-of music that was European progressive music -LRB- unheard-of in the sheltered confines of the central United States , anyway -RRB- . Having heard the name of Rupert Hine as producer -- and liking his work -- it was doubly-intriguing to see his name come up as the frontman & vocalist/keyboardist of a little band called QUANTUM JUMP , of whom some of you truly fortunate ones might be familiar . If for whatever reason you who are reading this choose to read no further and opt to check out QJ , by all means , do so now . Their uniqueness , precision as musicans , and their love of the weird and the absurd and the humorous in music set them far , far apart from their league of contemporaries . The JEM import records catalog , in a semi-successful attempt to describe them , said something to the effect of , `` Imagine a cross between Frank Zappa and Steely Dan . '' Not TOO far off the mark , yet falling painfully short of describing how utterly wonderful their music was . So
 FROM THHIS IS HOW I WILL FIND LUV AND TRUST UNTIL THE BEST DEDUCTIONS LEAD US TO OUR PATH OR HAVE TO END NOW DO WE LEAVE THE SCENE AS FRIENDS ??????? TRACK 2 THE FORMULA ITS A ROOM DESIGNED FOR PROPAGANDA SAKE LETS BREAK DOWN THE FORMULA LETS SWITCH OFF THE SET AND LISTEN TO A , MASTERPIECE OF MUSIC SIT BACK AND RELAX : : : : : : : : : : : : : LETS SWITCH OFF THE SET THE SOUFUL BACKGROUND OF THIS CD IS INCREDIBLE MUSIC BETTER THAN THE FIXX AND I LUV THE FIXX . I THINK ITS RUPERT HINES MASTRPIECE DR TRACK03 LEGEND STRANGERS WITH DO U WANT TO B A LEGEND , DREAMS WHO MUST GET THROUGH SURREAL IMAGRY GALORE IN THE SYMBOLISM OF THE LYRICS VERY HIGH HIGH AIN SOPH AUUUUUR KABBALAH 777 THIS MUSIC IS VERY POWERFUL PERFORMANCE BY THINKMAN I WOULD LUV TO SEE A DVD OF THEM LIVE MABY SOMEDAY WHE CAN LOVE THIS MASTERPIECE IN THE ANNALS OF ROCK HISTORY B BBBBBUUUUUYYYY IT U WILL LUV IT PEACE FRINDS THERE SHINES OUR PRMISED LAND THE ECSTASY OF FREE THOUGHT .
 Just want to say that this is one of my all-time favorites . Still sounds as good today as it did back in 1986 . Still relevent and uplifting . Rupert Hines solo recordings are also excellent as well as his production work with the Fixx and others . I really miss this guy . He was so overlooked , having created some of the very best music of the 80s and of all time .
 This is a great single to buy . CHOCOLATE is one of my favorites from her vastly underrated BODY LANGUAGE album . The song oozes with sexuality , and it 's easily the sexiest song she 's ever sung . What a treat to have some mixes , including the Emo Mix and Tom Iddleton 's Cosmos Mix . Great mixes ! There is also a live version of `` Love At First Sight '' from her MONEY CANT BUY special that was used to promote the BODY LANGUAGE album . The unreleased track `` City Games '' was rumored to be the first single from that album , but it never made the album and was said to have never existed . It 's a nice song . The video for CHOCOLATE is also on here , one of her best if you ask me . A wonderful single worth buying !
 Kylie Minogue 's third single from BODY LANGUAGE has perhaps the best packaging of them all . The track that had been rumored to lead off a new direction for Kylie , CITY GAMES , is included here , even after the record company 's bald-faced claims that it did not exist . Great news , but unfortunately it is n't a new direction for anyone concerned . However the BODY LANGUAGE LIVE version of last year 's sensation LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT shows Kylie at her most exuberant , it 's apparently a song she loves to sing and she does so with enormous gusto and style . And the audience loves her back.As for CHOCOLATE itself , I was n't too keen on hearing it on the LP , but the new version is hugely catchy , and the video is strange and freakishly beautiful . Kylie 's costumes are all in a very rich range of Renaissance -LRB- or really Pre-Raphaelite -RRB- colors , and extremely rich fabrics , damaska , silks , I suppose to give the corresponding visual equivalent to the sweetness and meltingness of chocolate . The choreography is jagged and awkward , very Martha Graham , and then in the middle section Kylie tries a pas de deux with a younger -LRB- male -RRB- dancer and brings it off surprisingly well . There are some endearing `` experimental '' moments as well , very Maya Deren -LRB- a group of dancers revolving on a spinning plate move back in the camera to reveal they are actually dancing on Kylie 's hat ! -RRB- and quite overwrought , like chocolate ...
 As a Kylie fan for the last 17 years -LRB- ouch -RRB- , I have been very disappointed with her output recently - ` Slow ' was interesting and ` Red Blooded Woman ' was ok . The Album ` Body Language ' was hugely disappointing for me , by all means , try a new musical direction , but at least make it interesting . ` Chocolate ' , the 3rd single from the BL album and was always a standout track in my opinion . Sumptious , soft , sexy vocals , and a chilled , mid tempo beat , this is Kylies strongest single in some time.As for the cd itself ... the newly re-recorded single version is gorgeous , the Middleton Cosmos mix is just rubbish -LRB- hardly any vocals , and nothing that sounds like the original -RRB- , the EMO mix is excellent -LRB- a different , slightly edgier beat but retains the essence of the original -RRB- , and a new song , ` City Games ' , which is probably better than most of the tracks off the album.The live version of the ultra poppy and wondeful ` Love at first sight ' proves she can hold a note well.Also included is the very stylish and beautiful ballet -LRB- ish -RRB- themed video ... This cd is a reminder of a Kylie passed - its still a different style to what we are used to from her , but it still contains that glorious Kylie element , something fans have been deprived of recently .
 Kylie Minogue is n't a very subtle performer - she 's famous for hi-NRG floorfillers , not purring ballads . A ballad in the hands of a pop singer can be a nightmare but with Kylie , it 's a dream and CHOCOLATE is a perfect example of it . Sweet and slow , it flows like its namesake throughout , with a catchy chorus that will for sure melt her fans down . Remixed for release , this CD also includes the funky CITY GAMES , two remixes -LRB- the EMO mix is the better one -RRB- and a live track , taken from her BODY LANGUAGE LIVE DVD , which should receive a late 2004 release in the USA .
 `` Chocolate '' is the 3rd Single from `` Body Language '' , and can be named as a Classic ! This Song can be described as Sexy , Seductive , Delicious , Breath Taking at the same time , obviously another Amazing track performed by Kylie Minogue.Kylie delivered to us an exquisite ballad with a fresh sound , necesary for the radio audience of Today . The Lyrics of the song are great too , here is a little fragment that describes the track better : `` If love were liquid it would drown me , In a placeless place would find me , In a heart shape come around me and then , Melt me slowly down `` The Single contains the Excellent song , 2 mixes -LRB- The Tom Middleton Mix & the EMO Mix -RRB- , a Live version of the Smash Hit Single `` Love At First Sight '' -LRB- Recorded at the `` Money Can Buy '' show -RRB- , a Previously Unreleased track called `` City Games '' , plus the Spectacular & Classy Chocolate VideoObviously , `` Chocolate '' is one of the best singles of 2004 and this package -LRB- the Australian Version -RRB- is one of those CD 's that you have to Buy . You Wo n't regret It.Thanks For Reading this Review = -RRB-
 As with the previous two singles from her sorely overlooked BODY LANGUAGE set , Minogue manages to go for something light years away from what many consider her given forte ' , that being straight up dance music . It 's a shame that the singles from the album have met with only modest success -LRB- and the album itself even less so -RRB- . This is another first-rate track , probably the best on the album , though I must say the re-recorded single version dwarfs in comparison to the magnificent album version , which may have not been considered `` commercial '' enough for radio.The remixes here are fine , the bonus track `` City Games '' -LRB- rumored to be the original choice as the album 's title track -RRB- not so much , and the video lovely . Unfortunately , this looks to be the last single from BL -- I suspect in the not-so-distant future we will witness the return of Disco/Dance Kylie with a `` Ca n't Get You Out Of My Head '' beat pulsing not too far behind .
 Can the track CHOCOLATE from miss Minogue be more sensual inviting than this , well , I do n't think so , this is one of those track U can just get enough of , a track filled with drama , classyness , and style can do no wrong , CHOCOLATE an alegory of LOVE , LUST AND MUSIC , such a pleasure . This has to be one those downtempo sensual tracks that makes you want to run to your love one ... great , top of my list .
 I was extremely lucky to have found this , because it is a -RRB- an import & b -RRB- limited edition ... especially lucky to find just thrown in the kylie section of a Pennsylvania Borders ! Ok , here it is track-by-track :1 . Chocolate -LSB- Radio Edit -RSB- : While this cuts the album version of the song by one minute and two seconds , it 's better . Her vocals are improved , & more of an arrangement is used . 10/102 . City Games
 Chocolate was the last single to be up-lifted from her Body Language album . Chocolate reached # 5 in Australia , and # 4 in the UK . This track was one of Kylie 's favorite songs from the BL project . This song is certainly a treasure with it 's beautiful lyrics and a perfection of a ballad rhythm . * Note
 I agree w / the other fans
 Even though in the trax it says `` Emo MIX '' , it 's really the edit . The full Emo Mix is almost 7 minutes long . There 's also an Emo Dub which is about a minute longer than the full mix .
 I first heard this song on MTV one night and saw the video . Man , I thought this ca n't be Kylie . This was like the classiest video that I 've seen from Kylie . To be honest , though I have been her fan since 89 -LRB- during her I SHOULD BE SO LUCKY days -RRB- I never really quite like most of the videos . To me , they looked kinda cheesy and very tacky , especially from the videos featuring songs from her first two albums.But this CHOCOLATE is superbly made in terms of both the song as well as video . I thought the song sounded kinda `` avant-garde '' - like . It was very sensual and sexy and oh-boy , do I crave for chocolate ! The video on the other hand was pretty c lassy . I 've seen the footage from the making of this video . The director and those involved were pretty innovative and extremely creative . Perhaps , they 'd added that certain classic French touch . Anyway , call me weird but each time I grab a piece of `` sin '' -LRB- chocolate , ie -RRB- , I found myself playing Kylie 's Chocolate video just to savor its richness . GO FIGURE!Anyway , good job everyone !
 Fine . Boys and the toys or trains I forget how many times kids can watch a movie and then watch it again
 My five year old loves Thomas and this video is one of his favorites . Thomas is enjoyable for young children .
 Great DVD . My three year old ca n't get enough of Thomas and the trains on the island of Sodor .
 My son loves this movie because it includes clips of Day Out With Thomas and features real kids talking about their favorite parts of Thomas movies or Thomas characters . Great for the toddler crowd !
 My son enjoys watching Thomas and Friends . It 's one of the only shows he will sit still for . Having 10 years of the best shows for him to watch is a joy and a treat for him.Thanks again , James Rivers Jr. .
 Kids loved it ! It was a nice addition to the grandkids Thomas train set . They watch the video everyday !
 This was a great gift for a great price . My nephew loves it . He watches it over & over . I bought some other Thomas the Train gifts to go along with this DVD and it was a great hit . The product shipped on time & the quality was great too .
 apart from it arriving broken the first time , my kids are loving this DVD , which I alternate with the other I purchased to keep my own sanity . This DVD has created a Thomas fan out of my 31/2 yr . old daughter as well .
 Well , as you know , Thomas & Friends
 Our two-year old grandson loved this - and we enjoyed watching it with him . Some good lessons to be learned by any age !
 My 3 yr old grandson loves Thomas and all his friends . . we play it over and over again everyday along with 6 other Thomas videos
 Bought it for my 2.5 year old niece and she loved it . Dinner got easier with this disc.I think it should work fine for just any kid that age .
 My youngest grandson is into Thomas and he will watch this video as well as others over and over as long as it is Thomas and all his friends .
 I bought this as a gift for my friends son and he just loves it !
 My grandson loves Thomas The Tank Engine and with the help of the DVD 'S that I purchased they just add to his adventure `` s with Thomas .
 Four DVDs in the `` Thomas & Friends '' series are sure to delight young viewers ages 2 and up with the exciting adventures of Thomas the Tank Engine and his transportational friends . Each affordably priced DVD features narration by celebrity George Carlin , roughly 40 minutes of short stories , plus another 60 minutes of bonus features such as sing-along songs , DVD games , and character galleries . `` A Big Day for Thomas '' covers Thomas ' adventure when he gets to pull his very own train for the first time ; `` Trust Thomas & Other Stories '' follows Thomas ' discovery of a new way to cross a river ; `` Percy 's Ghostly Trick & Other Thomas Stories '' is a spooky adventure in which Percy 's mischievous trick to make Thomas believe in ghosts backfires when Percy puffs into a big pile of hay . `` Thomas & The Special Letter '' sets up a conflict with George , a bad-tempered steamroller convinced that roads are more important than rails . Since the many stories on each DVD are so short , they can be shown to young people who have only a few spare minutes , such as right before bedtime , or all at once . All collections are sure to entertain and recommended for public libraries and family collections alike .
 Our 3-1/2 year old will watch this 24/7 if you let him . Great fun for the kids -LRB- which is nice for mom & dad too -RRB-
 My 4 yr old loves Thomas . This dvd has over ten shows and even more . I love this dvd .
 This is a great dvd and well worth the price ... . fast getting here as always ...
 This DVD is the `` Commemorative Collector 's Edition '' of the * 10 Years of Thomas & Friends * video that was released in 1999 , and comes with a wooden Alfie vehicle by Learning Curve . It includes footage of the `` A Day Out with Thomas '' event held at the Strasburg Railroad in Pennsylvania , during which children selected their favorite episodes for inclusion in the video.Since the episodes contained in this DVD have been reviewed pretty thoroughly for the VHS version , I wo n't comment too much on them.Both the image and sound quality on the DVD transfer are fairly good . The DVD programming , however , leaves something to be desired . You can not skip the logos and ads at the beginning of the DVD , nor forward through Sir Topham Hatt 's introduction to the DVD features -- at least , not on my DVD player -LRB- I was able to skip and fast forward using WinDVD on the PC -RRB- . The `` Bonus Features '' are rather unexceptional . The `` Build an Engine '' game is best suited for young preschoolers
 First of all , let me say that I love Thomas the Tank Engine . My 6-year-old son has loved Thomas for 3 + years running and I am very grateful for all the good times the three of us have had . That having been said , this is a compilation VHS . You will not find any new stories on this one . However , it is worth viewing -LRB- and getting , if you do n't have a big collection -RRB- if you have children . We got this as a gift from friends , so having duplicates of the stories was not a big problem with us . Interspersed between the stories is what seems to be an advertisement for the `` Day Out With Thomas . '' It is interesting to watch , but is not informative for one actually thinking about participating in one of the programs.ABOUT THE STORIES : The 10 stories -LRB- 4 more than the usual offering -RRB- featured on the video are as follows : Thomas & Bertie 's Great Race
 My son really liked this as it shows some scenes from Thomas ' Day Out which he could relate to having been before.The footage is mixed in with Thomas episodes and interviews . The brief interview sections did ` nt really hold his attention but the rest is really good .
 My son has several of the Thomas DVDs , and while he 's just as content to watch any of them , this is his favorite . The episodes with Bertie and Terrance are great . Overall , a wonderful collection of earlier Thomas narrated by George Carlin . The interviews with kids are cute and provide more than just the usual shots of various engines . I find this DVD better than the `` Best of '' engines ones because of the variety . Plus , my son has no clear favorite and enjoys watching them all .
 Marking the 10th Anniversary of Thomas videos -LRB- certainly NOT the stories themselves -RRB- , this sampler covers a fine cross-section of Thomas adventures -LRB- though they are presented out of order -RRB- , musical numbers -LRB- all catchy and certain to infect your child 's brain along with yours -RRB- , and interviews with people of all ages visiting `` A Day Out With Thomas . '' I was fortunate enough to catch one of these outings a few years backs , but since I am a parent of a child with a severe developmental disability , I got more of a chance to `` experience '' the day on the video than I did in person.Anyway , this is a nice hour of Thomas magic and a good introduction to see whether Thomas is right for your child . Highly recommended here .
 My son loves this video !!! He keeps asking to see `` big Thomas '' - he enjoys the stories , but really loves the scenes from the Day out with Thomas !
 Good video for the kids . The only thing I did not like are the in between interviews between stories . I would have liked everything to flow easier .
 Now that Deutsche Grammophon is part of Universal , we have seen some interesting things happen , and not all of them bad . What I 'm referring to in this case is the new `` Original Masters '' Limited Edition Box Set series . Finally , the classical music world has taken a page out of the jazz reissue handbook -- put out a quality product featuring rare recordings but make its availability limited , and people will snatch it up.Now in its second round of the `` Original Masters '' box sets , DG has chosen to follow-up on the success of the `` Great Conductors of the Century '' series . They have just released two glorious 9-disc collections of the performances of conductors Ferenc Fricsay and Igor Markevitch , the vast majority of which have been previously unavailable on CD.This particular set , `` A Life in Music , '' showcases some of the numerous recordings made by the great conductor Ferenc Fricsay for Deutsche Grammophon , many of which have been rare -LRB- and expensive -RRB- collector 's items for years . As the track information is non-existent above , I will try to be of assistance.The first disc contains Beethoven 's 1st Symphony -LRB- 1953 -RRB- and the Overture and Incidental Music to Mendelssohn 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream -LRB- 1950 -RRB- both with the Berlin Philharmonic -LRB- BP -RRB- , and Prokofiev 's 1st Symphony with the Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra -LRB- BRSO -RRB- from 1954 . Disc two features Mahler 's Ruckert-Lieder with Maureen Forrester -LRB- BRSO , 1958 -RRB- , and Tchaikovsky 's 6th Symphony -LRB- BRSO , 1959 -RRB- . Discs three begins with Respighi 's orchestration of Rossini 's La Boutique Fantasque -LRB- BRSO , 1955 -RRB- and ends with Rimsky-Korsakov 's Scheherazade -LRB- BRSO , 1956 -RRB- . Disc four features the great Waltzes , Polkas , Overtures and Marches of the Strauss Family -LRB- all with BRSO from 1949-52 -RRB- . Included here are The Blue Danube , Vienna Blood , Musical Joke , Pizzicato-Polka , Die Fledermaus , The Gypsy Baron , Voices of Spring , Roses from the South , Morning Papers , Annen-Polka , Chit-Chat Polka , and the Radzetky March.Disc five focuses on Fricsay as an accompanist with pianist Margrit Weber -LRB- and the BRSO -RRB- . Together they tackle Falla 's Nights in the Garden of Spain -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Francaix 's -LRB- 1956 -RRB- and Honegger 's -LRB- 1955 -RRB- Concertos for Piano , Franck 's Symphonic Variations -LRB- 1957 -RRB- and Rachmaninov 's Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini -LRB- 1960 -RRB- . Disc six shines the spotlight on 20th Century composers . Here we get Von Einem 's Zwischenspiel Interlude -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , Hindemith 's Symphonic Dances -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , Hartmann 's 6th Symphony -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , and Martin 's Petite Symphonie Concertante -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , with Gerty Herzog on piano , Sylvia Kidd on harpsichord and Irmgard Helmis on harp.On discs seven and eight , Fricsay performs a memorable account of Haydn 's The Seasons . This is a live recording with the Berlin RSO from 1961 featuring soprano Maria Stader , tenor Ernst Haefliger , bass Josef Greindl and the St. Hedwigs Cathedral Choir , Berlin.The final disc , number nine , wraps things up with `` Ferenc Fricsay
 `` Ferenc Fricsay
 Some two years after Mr. Richman posted his review , I wish only to support his high rating of these masterful performances by one of the greatest conductors of the mid-twentieth century . These recordings are gifts of grace . The fact that this collection remains available is little short of a miracle . And in addition thre is a Fricsay set in the series of `` Great Conductors of the 20th Century '' also still available . Many other recordings of performances under the baton of Ferenc Fricsay are to be found if one searches under his name on Amazon . His recordings of Verdi 's Requiem and Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony on DG remain among the greatest ever made of either of these two eternal masterpieces.Try the $ 12.00 2CD `` great Conductors '' set first . At that price you ca n't lose . I predict that having heard those recordings you will quickly seek out and purchase `` Ferenc Fricsay , A Life in Music . '' Too expensive ? Not at all . It 's worth every penny . It 's easily worth several months of anyone 's budget for buying CDs . And the recorded interview with Fricsay , already ill and seemingly knowing his death is approaching , will inspire you even as it breaks your heart . His death as he approached his 49th birthday was an incalculable loss to the Western classical tradition . Yet we do have the recordings -- go and listen to them !
 This 9 CD-Box set devoted to the great Hungarian-born conductor Ferenc Fricsay -LRB- 1914-1963 -RRB- is a jewel of the ` Original Masters ' series . It contains many Fricsay rarities not available elsewhere
 I enjoy classical music , and specifically the works of Fricsay . I found this download to be well done , but the selections of music are a bit limited . However - I am glad to have this in my library . Well worth the money - and Fricsay 's talent pleasantly separates him from all others .
 THE ALBUM WAS STRAIGHT.IT HAD SOME TIGHT SONGS AND SOME STUPID SONGS.I LIKE HOW THEY TOOK HOT BOYS FROM NO LIMIT , BUT THATS ALRIGHT.I DO N'T KNOW HOW FAR YOU ARE GOING TO GO WITH 6 RAPPERS AND ONLY 2 OF THEM ARE TIGHT .
 Now this album was really a smash hit . All the ladies love it and the guys all bobbed their heads . The whole Cash Money clicc is in full effect .
 Peep game ... If you dislike and depise Master P and No Limit Records popularity -LRB- w / the exception of Mistikal and Snoop Dogg -RRB- , buy this CD . On me -LRB- and you know my word is good -RRB- , this CD is nothing like `` Beats by The Pound '' demo-quality JCPenney-purchased `` Casio Rap Man '' 12-key `` 5-yrs old and up '' keyboards and drum pads that you bought your little nephew last christmas . No , this is ... just buy the CD , okay .
 This Cd is tight.The lyrcis are good . I love dem Hot Boys
 Now this right chere is da real CMR . The whole cd is almost tight . The G-Code and Lil ' Wayne 's cd are just plain out bunk . This cd is tight.From We On Fire to Tuesday and Thursdays to TOO TOO HOT . This cd was blazin . Peace out . NO LIMIT 2K HOODY HOOO !
 This C.D is the bomb . It may be the best hot boys yet . It is a definate winner ! Buy it and you will see .
 Great production -LRB- the great mannie fresh -RRB- one of the best cash money releases featuring all 4 Hot Boys a certified classic lil wayne before he became a woman
 This is one of Cashmoneys best albums next to 400 Degreez and I got that work . I like to listen to dis when I ` m ridin or gettin ready to go to work . It hypes me up . As a group , the hot boys were great . They all contribute something to the album make it sound hot . This album is a classic . Add it to your collection .
 There 's a review for this CD that says he likes the Hot Boys but doesnt like this CD . That makes no sense to me . If you like the cash money/no limit style this is probably the best CD you can get . For any fan of any kind of rap this is an essential . This was when BG was in his prime -LRB- around the time of Chopper City in The Ghetto , rap 's greatest masterpiece -RRB- and everything else is good - the other guys , the individual tracks is a good idea they used , there are some good verses where they switch back and forth , the hooks arent too cheesy or annoying and the beats are good .
 wow this album is incredible . when i first popped it in i thought besides the singles help , i need a hot girl , and we on fire that this cd was pretty weak . but after listening to it again i dont know how in any parts of hell i got that opinion !!! this has to be one of the top 10 greatest albums to ever come out of the south in mine and many other opinions . great lyrics , great beats by mannie fresh once again to make you bob your head until it falls off , and great track listing.dont miss out on a classic album and cheat your ears out of great music.top 51 . get out tha way2 . help3 . boys at war4 . too hot5 . we on firethis album is soo hot it could have 3 different top 5 lists !
 GET THIS CD YALL , ITS SOOOO COLD , MAN YOU HAVE TO GET IT 2 FEEL IT
 HOT ! YOUR ALBUM IS VERY HYPE . YOUR LYRICS ARE WHAT YOU KNOW FROM EXPERIENCE AND I LIKE THAT . THAT IS REALLY WHAT SELLS ALBUMS . SO KEEP IT REAL AND FORGET WHAT ALL THOSE HATERS SAY THEY ARE JUST MAD BECAUSE YALL ARE YOUNG AND MAKING MONEY ! MUCH LOVE TO YA ! I 'M OUT . -LRB- P.S. B.G. I LOVE YOU BABY ! -RRB-
 Buy it . That 's the only way you 'll ever know
 I feel ya `` Ghenry187@aol.com&quot; ... this CD rocks . No Limit ca n't touch Cash $ Money Records . I do n't know why that new Tru CD sold one million in the first place . Who cares , 'cause I just checked the billboard charts and discovered that Juvenile sold more that two million . So they ca n't be faded . Anyway , back to this CD . Every song on this CD rocks . My favorite song is `` Help '' by B.G. I love this CD .
 Keep it comin fellas . We love those magnolia beats and rhymes
 KEEP MAKING THE HOT MUSIC HOT BOY
 I am a huge fan on cash money records , I have 2 juvenile albums and b.g. 's chopper city in the ghetto . Those 3 albums plus the video for we on fire encouraged me to get this hot boys album . but i think this album coulda been better . we on fire tore it up but the rest of the first half of thos album aint to good , the second half is good though .
 THIS IS ONE OF CASH MONEYS BEST CD THEY JUST THERE TAKING OVER FOR THE YEAR 2000 SO LOOK OUT FOR LIL WANYE
 This Hot Boy album is off the chain . Those boy keep putting it down for the South . Mannie Fresh beats are just dynamic . This album is one you must have . I hope they keep putting out tight albums and I hope the public do n't jump off their band wagon after 4 years like they did NOLIMIT .
 THIS ALBUM OFF THE HOOK YEAH.TORE THE ROOF YEAH.BACKED SOME ASS YEAH.JUVI ON FIRE YEAH.TURK KILLED THE SH*T YEAH.LIL WAYNE DROPED IT LIKE ITS HOT YEAH.B.G . GOT THIS LP BLING BLING BLING . MANNY FRESH JUST BLEW THIS B * TCH UP YEAH.SO WHEN YOU SEE THE HOT BOYS PULLING GUNS YOU BETTER RUN FOR IT RUN FOR IT RUN.HA CA$ H MONEY TAKING OVER THE 99 TO THE 2000 YEAH .
 THIS ALBUM WAS MUCH BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE . AND THAT I JUST LOVE THE HHOTT BOYS ESPICALLY LIL TURK.iALSO CA N'T WAIT TILL THEY COME TO BALTIMORE APRIL 1
 Tha Hot Boy $ album is the 1 of the best best Cds out there they have about 10 good songs on there album unlike most albums cash money 's artist does n't allow bad sonds to get on there albums which thats phat so if you are thinking about buying this album think no further Hot Boy $ is a CD you wo n't waste your money on !
 This Is The Best CashMoney Cd , Number 4 B.G. Talks About No Limit With Out Mentchaning There Names .
 its the hot boys the hot boys they on fir
 This Is Tay no time for words 1219 perry 72342 Helena arkansas
 this cd is phat . cash money put 'n' it down for the `` 0
 I do n't know if you can actually call this music . It is truly terrible . However , I love listening to it for some strange music . ... I am not normally a fan of rap music , but I laugh out loud every time I hear some of these songs . These Cash Money guys should be comedians . Except for Juvenile , since I ca n't understand anything he says , which is also rather funny . Do n't buy it for the music , but it for the comedy .
 most underrated rap group , when lil wayne actually talked real s *** besides aliens and skateboards . . if u like lil Wayne u should deffinetly love this album
 Hot Boyz ' guerilla warfare is definitely a hot product . But they still sound underground , the production is not on the level of 400 degreez or choppercity in the ghetto . Not that the album is not good , the hot boyz rhyme off each other great but they are just not on the same level as the well produced No Limit CDs -LRB- C-Murder , Master P , Sillkk The Shocker -RRB- . Everything else is great , their lyrics is definitely above NO LIMIT . The production is the main problem , it sounds like some underground No Limit Album like -LRB- Tru , Magic 1st 2 albums , Mac and sum old BG albums -RRB- . Lil Wayne is also a minus onthe album , he was young and his voice mixed with his southern accent is just untoleratable to me , Turk needs 2 appear on more songs instead of Lil Wayne . Juvenile and BG are great , they collaborate perfectly , BIg Tymers really doesnt add on to the album but they dont ruin it either , so its all gravy ya heard meh !?
 why dont more rappers do what cash money does ? no matter whos album it is , they showcase the best mcs and production they can pull off . there is nothing wrong with other rappers but cash money does this well , while setting asside tracks for the individuals , the group is what really shines , without the bling bling . i promised myself to never to buy the bling bling bull , but after hearing this cd , i had to get it . especially songs like i need a hot girl , and we on fire . get this cd !!!
 This cd is tight as hell . The whole Cd is cool . I love Juvenile and Lil ` Wayne they r my boys.Anyways when i heard them i just said wow this is off the hook . SO i love this album.All i want to say is The Hot Boys r # 1 .
 Out of all of the hot boys cds this one is off the hook ! the best songs are # 1 Respect my mind # 2 I need a hot girl # 3 We on fire ! should be the # 1 cd you get
 This Cd is really good from beginning to end ! It has well written lyrics , and phat beats produced by Mannie Fresh . Cash Money is on top of the rap industry . You should buy this Cd if you have Juvenile , or Lil Wayne because it is really worth the money . All of the songs are really cool , but my personal favorites are 2 -LRB- We On Fire -RRB- and 12 -LRB- I need A Hot Girl -RRB- . If you buy this Cd I hope you enjoy it !
 this album hea is just `` too hot '' . this album is tha first album that really made me like all the songs . cash money is my favorite rap label and i like other labels too but it do n't get no realer than this right cha ' . this album is just to real , i mean , every song on it just blow up . every single day when i come home from school , i just have to stop and take some time out and listen to Hot Boys `` Guerilla Warfare '' . like i said in the beginning `` not 5 starz 6 starz '' , if you know what i mean !
 The Hot Boys continue their dominance . Yo , if you like what Manny Fresh does with their beats , you 'll like this CD . Juvenile , Young Turk , Baby Gangstar , and Lil Wayne all have different styles and come together to make another Platinum album . I did n't give it the five stars because of the lack of other big name artist , and they do n't have enough hype tracks . All in all this CD is worth buying .
 I have to say this CD off da hook , Juvee 's is off the hook , BG 's is off the hook and LIl Wayne and Turk just make every cut sound even sweeter . I did n't like Ha at first but it grew on me and after that I was Hot Girl from then on out . I mean they are so off the hook my mom and step dad bought the CD . So reguardless of who 's ride I am bouncing in -LRB- mine or theres -RRB- There is all ways a Cash Money CD in disc player . And Juvee is so sexy
 BG and Juvenille are good , but with the added lyrics of Lil ' Wayne and that hottie , Young Turk -LRB- plus other featured artists -RRB- that album is bumpin ' ... Guerrilla Warfare is the only CD that plays in my car right now ...
 Now the whole country can hear some true down south music . Staright up this is the best CD on the shelf . Remeber Cash Money gon broke . You cant be a Hot Boy if ya aint from here but you can still ride and play this CD and be a stunter .
 Just Like They Say Theyz On Fire , This Album Rocks , I Recommened It For Any Rap Fan
 THIS CD IS CUTTIN TROAT , ITS OFF DA HOOK . JUST ABOUT EVERY SONG IS TIGHT . MY FAVORITES ARE
 U must buy this album . It is definitly one of the hottest albums of the year . 16 of the 17 songs r potentail # 1 on the billboard chart tracks . SO GET OUT AND PICK DIS ALBUM UP ! YA HEARD ! oh yeah shout out 2 all da boys in Briarcliff .
 you need to listen to me and buy the hottest cd by the hot boys cause if you like rap like me and you just wan na keep it real leave it up to the hot boys all of cash money they are just off the hook Adam
 THIS ALBUM HAS SOME OF THE TIGHTEST TRACKS I 'VE HEARD IN A MINUTE . MY FAVORITE SONG IS I NEED A HOT GIRL . SICK UNCLE IS A VERY FUNNY SKIT . THE HOT BOYZ ALBUM COMES IN WITH A BOMB INTRO AND GOES OUT WITH A BANGING TRACK . I LOVE DA HOT BOYZ , ESPECAILY LIL ' WAYNE , AND THEIR NEW CD .
 this cd is the bomb . Taking over is new orleans is the hot boyz , cash money .
 This album is just more proof that Cash Money is one of the best record labels out there . It has the same kind of beats as the Juvenile and B.G. LP 's . The Hot Boys combines those 2 artists with 2 newer talented artists , Lil Wayne and Turk . If Cash money keeps making albums like this , they will be as famous as No Limit , an 10 times better soon .
 The hot boys the hot boys . Cash Money aint be to kcufed with . The beats is tight , the flows is tight , the whole damn cd is tight . On tuesday and thursday stay in the house and listen to the hot boys , the peoples might get you . Just get it , its the tightest cash money cd ever .
 ALL THE SONGS ON THIS ALBUM IS REALLY GOOD IT HAS B.G. , JUVENIE , LIL WAYNE , BIG TYMERS ETC. . CASH MONEY IS NUMBER 1 BABY
 THIS JOINT RIGHT HERE IS OFF THE CHAIN . FROM THE HOT & SPICY INTRO TO THE TOO HOT EXIT THEY DROPPING NOTHING BUT THE REAL ON YA . CASH MONEY IS TAKING OVER IN 99 TO THE YEAR 2000 AND BEYOND . THESE ARE SOME YOUNG MILLIONAIRES THATS TELLING YOU HOW THEY FEEL WHAT THEY NEED -LRB- A HOT GIRL -RRB- AND THAT YOU BETTER RESPECT THEY MIND . IF YOU LIKE 400 DEGREES AND CHOPPER CITY I FEEL YOU LIKE DIS HERE CAUSE IT ON FIIIIIIRE ! DO N'T FORGET TO COP THAT NEW LIL WAYNE . ITS ALL GRAVEY BABY FROM THE ORIGINAL HOT GIRL ** LIL SPECIAL **
 # 2 . About Being a Hot Boy :9 / 10 # 3 . Classic About themselves :10 / 10 # 4 . B.G. Solo.its hot :10 / 10 # 5 . Second least favorite track :7.5 / 10 # 7 . B.G , Murders it in the begining :8 / 10 # 8 . Wayne Solo.He 's Burnin ' Blockz :9 / 10 # 9 . Classic about how they Feel :10 / 10 # 10.8 / 10 # 11 . Classic.Juvie Solo.About Swollowing your pride and being a man :10 / 10 # 12 . Crazzy just do n't like the Big Tymers much :9.5 / 10 # 13 . Classic about the cops raiding spots on Tuesdays & Thursdays :10 / 10 # 14 . Classic Turk Solo.Luv the hook :10 / 10 # 16 . Not really feeling it :7 / 10 # 17 . Classic about the havin the FED 's after U :10 / 10
 If you are a fan of old cash money this is a classic . I rated it 4 stars because it was not as good as Get it How you Live but this album pretty much put the hot boys on the map for the whole world to know its a must get if you are a tru cash money fan .
 This CD is a must have if you are a Hot Boys -LRB- Old school Cash Money -RRB- fan .
 Delivery ALyrics AProduction A+S tyle A+H eart A+O verall A +
 Delivery ALyrics AProduction A+C reativity A-Heart A+O verall A
 Never have I heard a rap CD as excellent as this . It is HOT and I reckon that it must have been about 2000 degreez.Cash Money Records are the revelation this decade . They will beat No Limit Records hands down . No Limit soldiers sound like recruits who had just been drenched in the deep blue sea.There is no doubt that the Hot Boys are the crown prince of the rap game . This album will definitely be nominated as the rap album of the year . Mark my words.So , ponder no further !! Buy this album and I am sure you will not regret .
 This is one cd you have to get . I never really liked Cash Money , but I bought this cd for the hell of it . Its tight as hell . Nolimit and cash money are my favorite record labels . Nolimit now has compition .
 The hot boyz are on fire . This cd is off the hizhook fo sho . all of the tracks are blazing . it is definitely worth getting . Cash Money is taking over in the 99 .
 da beats were tight!this cd is better than half of the no limit cds out.cash money records is on fire!i ca n't wait for lil wayne cd to come out.The Hotboys , The Hotboys , We on Fire !
 the one best of all in my opinion is LiL Wayne he is so cute to me but all of them can rap.By the way i 'm a girl but my name sound like a boy .
 I thought there was no way the Hot Boy $ could duplicate Get it How U live ! but they not only duplicated it . They made It better . Everyone in America should buy this album and the first one because the hot boy $ are the greatest ever ! Boys at War was my favorite track .
 Cash Money is the SH!T and no limit is out of beats out of time mp is so stupid and anybody who likes no limit can suc my D!CK
 lil wayne and turk set the whole cd off the untamed killer seem to know how to flow . his beats are for real and i cant wait for lil wayne to come out with his solo cd
 CMR is on fire . They ca n't be stopped
 This whole cd is tight . This whole album sound better than everything No Limit came out with this year . I 'm not trying to playa hate on No limit , but almost everything No Limit album came out this year is pure garbage , they beats are wack , they lyrics sucks , and they say the same shit on every album . Everything Cash Money album that came out this year is bangin . Juvenile album is tight , B.G. album is tight , and this new Hot Boys album is tight . Every rapper on Cash Money is tight . Every track on this cd is blazin . I can play this whole cd without skipping a track , because every song on this cd is tight . Keep doing your thing and much success .
 This album comes with a lot of hot tracks like `` Respect My Mind '' , `` Clear the Set '' , `` Help '' , `` You Dig '' , `` Too Hot '' , `` Bout Whatever '' , and `` Tuesdays and Thursdays '' . There are many other fiyah tracks but the ones mentioned are my favorites . The album rocks tight beats and the lyrics are blazin . What can i say , The Hot Boy $ set this one on FIYAH !!!!!!!
 I absolutely loved this album , but I must say that get it how u live is better but this album is also excellent because their flows are great and the beats are amazing every single song is good . I think every cash money fan should buy this album and any rap fan should because it 's a classic southern album .
 If you did n't already get this You should Because it rulesThe cd has 17 tracks My favorits are : We on fire , Ridin , OffTha porch , You dig , I need a hot girl , Tuesday and thursday , Bout Whatever , Sick uncle , And Sho * t First.You need to hear them Because They off tha chain.That Ai n't no lie !!!
 MAN OH MAN ! YOU 'LL NEVER BELIEVE JUST HOW HOT THE HOT BOYS ARE UNTIL YOU CEASE THIS THE ALBUM . IF YOU 'RE LIKE ME YOU 'LL TRY TO ENJOY IT WHILE YOU CAN BECAUSE EVERYTIME SOMEBODY FINDS MY HOTBOY CD IT ALWAYS COMES UP MISSING . I MEAN MANNY REALLY DID IT THIS TIME . HOT BOYS DESERVE THE PLATINUM PLUS STAR IF THERE EVER WAS SUCH A STAR ! I MEAN THE HOTBOYS ARE HOTTER THAN A COKE BOTTLE AT PICNIC ON THE 4TH OF JULY ! `` HOTTER THAN A BAR-B-Q - AT SATAN 'S CRIB ! YALL NEED TO PURCHASE THIS ALBUM , I 'M SO FOR REAL . AND YOU 'LL BE SO PLEASED I 'M TELLING YOU ... . THIS IS THE TYPE OF ALBUM THAT A D.J WILL PLAY 40 YEARS FROM NOW AND WE 'LL BE IN OUR ROCKERS AND WILL SUDDENLY JUMP UP AND SAY , `` hEY THAT 's MY JAM ! PLAY THAT FUNKY SHYT AGAIN ! ''
 I MADE A MISTAKE ON MY LAST REVIEW SO TO CORRECT IT INSTEAD OF SAYING HOTBOYS FOR THE SONGS I LIKE IT WAS WE ON FIRE SORRY YA 'LL .
 The cd was off tha chain . Though you cant really dance off of most of these songs you can still get yo bounce on in the car or while you chillin wit your folk somewhere gettin it crunk
 This cd is tight . These Boys got mad skills , fat beats and bass lines . The Hot Boys is like a supergroup for rap . All of the members are stars in their own right . BG , Lil ' Wayne , Young Turk , and Juvenile tear it up on this joint . The best tracks are HELP , WE ON FIRE , CLEAR THA SET , RIDIN ' , and BOUT WHATEVER . Do n't be fooled by imitators CASH MONEY MEANS BALL TIL YOU FALL !
 WHODI , I THOUGHT JUVEYS ALBUM WAS THE BEST , THEN THIS COMES OUT.THIS IS JUST GREAT!THIS IS RAP MUSICS BEST RIGHT HERE.CASHMONEY IS ON FIRE ! THE SOUTHERN RAP SCENE HAS NOW OFFICIALLY TAKEN CONTROL AND CA$ HMONEY IS LEADING IN FULL EFFECT ! GUERRILLA WARFARE IS AWESOME !
 This was the first Cash Money CD I got back in March . Did n't really like `` we one fire '' when I first heard it last year . But once I heard `` I need a hotgirl '' I had to back track on those hot boys . I had `` the wood '' soundtrack for a long time and never even played the entire cash money song on that album all the way until then and I was hooked . I just had to get this CD . My favorite tracks 2,11,12,13,14,16,17 but the entire CD is just Off Top !
 THIS IS THE TIGHTEST ALBUM PRODUCE BY CASH MONEY RECORDS SO FAR . THE BEST TRACKS ARE 2,3,45,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,17 , ITS BEEN AWHILE SENSE SOMEONE HAS MADE AN ALBUM THAT HAD MAJORITY OF THERE SONGS TIGHT AS THIS ONE U HAVE TO GO GETTHIS ALBUM IF U GET NOTHING ELSE .
 I bought this Cd just because young Turk is on it . He is the hottest of the hot boys , lyrically and physically-so cute - ! but anyway . . He always has the best verses `` what kinda boy whatch jerry springer in a range '' and `` I like em hot the ones that do n't tell me to stop ... '' . I ca n't wait till his album Young and Thuggin drops cus its gon na be Hot , even if he raps about the same thing over and over . He 's the only reason I like the Hot boys besides lil wayne . But if I buy anymore Cash money CDs it 's just gon na be because I wan na hear Turk 's verses . Better watch what ya saying whoadie !
 IM AN UNDERGROUND PURIST STRAIGHT OUTTA NY THAT RARELY REWINDS `` MURDER '' SH@T AND HATES WHEN RAPPERS SAY THE SAME OLD SH@T . BUT THIS ALBUM IS HOT . I WAS SKEPTICAL OF THE CASH MONEY CLIQUE WHEN `` HA '' CAME OUT , BUT I HEARD OTHER TRACKS FROM 400 DEGREES AND PICKED THAT UP . THIS IS EVEN BETTER THE BEATS ARE OFF THE MEAT RACK PEEP OUT `` GET OUT THA WAY '' , `` I FEEL '' , `` YOU DIG ? '' , `` I NEED A HOT GIRL '' AND `` TUESDAY AND THURSDAY '' . THE RHYMES ARENT GROUND-BREAKING , BUT EVERY NOW AND THEN LIL WAYNE HITS YOU WITH '' . . SOMETHIN' THAT GO BURRR ! '' AND GOT YOU REWINDING LIKE ITS SOME MOS DEF SH@T . `` SHOOTIN 1ST '' AND `` BOYS AT WAR '' KEPT THAT FIFTH STAR OFF THIS REPORT . I SLEPT FOR A MINUTE , BUT IT 'LL GROW ON YOU .
 WHAT KINDA BOY BE BOUT KNOW BUT HIS FETTY A HOT BOY A HOT BOY AND THESE BOYS ARE DEFINANTLY ON FIRE WIT SONGS LIKE HOT GIRL RESPECT MY MIND TUESDAYS AND THURDAYS AND BOUT WHATEVER HOW COULD THESE YOUNG MILLIONAIRES GO WRONG THEY ON TOP SO I UNDERSTAND THE HATERS COMMENTS BUT IF YOU WAS BOUT FETTY AND BLING BLINGING YOU WOULD N'T FEEL THE NEED TO HATE SO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO IS GET ON THE GET RIGHT AND GO GET YA FETTY AND LEAVE THESE MILLIONAIRE ALONE
 Hot boys is the group on cash money that put cash money on top charts . Hits likes Respect My Mind , Boys at War and I Need a Hot Girl . It give a 5 out of 5 .
 Lat me start off by say that this is n't 400 degrees . But it is a good investment . It you want an introduction to the cash money millionares , this ids the disc to do it cause their all at their best here . B.G. making everything he says sound dangerous , Turk the lesser known but underrated lyracist , Lil Wayne with his double time -LRB- twnty-twin twins , dem-dem , pop-pop , etc. -RRB- nothing i sayis a threat voice , and Juvenile ... well who cares what he says , cause his southern drwal makes it entertaining anyway.Interstaingly enough , the best track on this disc is the solo Turk joint Bout Whatever , and has me waiting for his album . Too Hot is also reminesant of we on Fire , which is on 400 deegreesTuesday & Thursdays , We On Fire and Ya Dig are also prime cuts . However I Feel and Respect My Mind are the two worst cuts in CMR history . The lyrics are terrible -LRB- even for Cash Money -RRB- and their is no Fresh beat to hide the . No CMR can be pretty catchy , but leave them out to dry with no beat and no Juve take away from the entertainmen tvalue of the artists.All this talk , and not one mention abou tthe production . If u know CM , you know the drill . So go out and get the disc , yYa Dig
 This is tough to say , but I think this is best hip-hop record since the first Outkast joint . The Cash Money crew all represents on this one , and they are all at the top of their game . I just could n't believe how good this was when I first got it . I been down with the HB 's for a while , but never thought they could drop something like this.Juvy , BG , Lil Wayne and Turk were just amazing . These brothas were having a great time recording this album , you can just tell . The beats are the best I 've heard from Mannie Fresh , and the CMR crew spitted those lyrics like never before . And it 's same ole reppin ' you love to hear from these playboys.Definite must buy , even if you 're normally not down with CMR . I 'm telling you playboys and playgirls , this album is hot .
 THIS ALBUM WAS ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE HEARD IN A LONG TIME . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK CMR . LOOKING FORWARD TO HEARING FROM LIL-WAYNE ON THE SOLO TIP .
 This is the second best Cash Money album I 've ever heard next to Juvenile 's 400 Degreez which is definetely a 5 Star cd too . The Hot Boys put out an album with like 5 or 6 really strong songs . And as bunch of other average or a little better songs . Not really any horrible songs at all . The Best Songs are the main 4 `` I Need A Hot Girl '' , `` We On Fire '' , `` Respect My Mind '' & `` Tuesday & Thursday '' . Those 4 songs were the songs I listened to every morning for like months and months . And i have over 200 cd 's ! So this cd must be good huh ? `` Ridin ' '' is another real tight one ! Then the other songs all blend in with the rest like `` Clear Tha Set '' by Lil ` Wayne . `` Ya Dig '' by Juvenile . `` Help '' by B.G. , and `` Bout Whatever '' by Turk . I Think it 's cool that all of them got there own solo songs . `` Too Hot '' is nice too . . along with the rest of the songs . Juvenile , B.G. , Turk & Lil ` Wayne put out one of the best cd 's of ' 99 , and also the best group cd to come out for a long while!It 's real good !
 A continuation of the illest hip-hop album in recent times , 400 degreez . If you are n't down w / C.M.B yet , go get 400 degreez first . If you already got and you love it , this is just another hour of banging bump and car music . Great
 I was turned on to the Hot Boys by Juve 's Ha -LRB- Remix -RRB- w/Jay-Z and every Hot Boys ' affiliated album I 've bought since then has been `` Off the heeeze '' . The Hot Boys present `` Guerilla Warfare '' . It starts off with the usual Big Tymers ' antics on the intro and ends with the Hot Boys displaying that they will definitely be a force to be reckoned with in hip hop for years to come . `` We On Fire ' 99 '' has Juve , B.G. , Lil Wayne , and Turk trading lines back and forth like they were in jail freestylin ' . `` Ridin ' '' and `` Get Out Tha Way '' has The Hot Boys warning folks what 'll happpen if you get caught in the wrong situation . `` Respect My Mind '' and `` Tuesday & Thursday '' also display The Hot Boys in true CMB fashion . B.G. 's `` Help '' also does n't disappoint . With Mannie Fresh being able to differentiate beats on each album that CMR releases , The Hot Boys , Big Tymers and any other rappers that CMR may sign will be around for a long time . So if you 're not ready to keep up with things on the Hot Boys ' side of town , you might want to update your resume .
 1 . Intro -LRB- Hot & Spicy -RRB- - no rating just another Big tymers intro2 . We on Fire - 4/5
 The Hot Boys are blazin in this album with the lyrics of 4 of the greatest young rappers in the game and the beats by the number 1 producer -LRB- mannie fresh -RRB- . Songs like `` We On Fire '' which the 4 rappers rotate and take turns flowing to this awsome beat , `` I Need A Hot Girl '' which features the Big Tymers in a platinum number one hit . Pretty much all of the songs on this album are platinum hits . To make it short , go out and buy the cd and TRY to prove me wrong .
 GET THIS JOINT ! This album has no songs that you wont be boucing your head to ... . it rocks ! with BG , Juve , Wayne , and Turk on one album only good can come ! The best songs are the solo track by each hot boy , and the song `` i need a hot girl . '' P E A C E !
 Well ... that would be tha hot boy $ . At first hearing it , I did n't really feel it . I usually feel people from NYC cause that is where I live -LRB- I live in the Queensbridge Projects in Long Island City , Queens ... home of rappers Nas , mobbdeep , bignoyd ect . -RRB- but after hearing the Hotboy $ cd at this big house party in Jamaica , Queens , Ive turned into a fan and bought every cash money cd that there is . They are different than the rappers I usually listen too , but that different rap style and beat is what got me ! All my dunz got this cd , and I request it to all , Mannie Fresh is the man on the beats , word up ! Live from the library in La Guardia High School , Queens Im Killa illa `` Marvin '' Queensbridge Houses 1 luv and look out for NAStradamus cd coming out soon!OnE
 this c.d. is off the hook . it blew the sets up down here . everybody need to quit hatin cuz you do n't know what 's up hot boys can flow and they be tearin up the charts
 a thas cd iz tight . the tights songs are : ridin , ya betta get out da wayyyyyy , i feel all the songs tight . no limit better get out da wayyyyyyyy ! 1
 I LOVE THA HOT BOYZ , THEY IZ OF THA CHAIN , MY FAV . SONGS OFF GUERIALLA WARFARE R I NEED A HOTGIRL , OBVIOUSLY -LRB- CUZ THA WROTE IT 4 ME -RRB- I 'D BE LIL ` WAYNE 'S , TURKS , OR B.G 'S HG NE DAY . I DO N'T HAVE NE THING BAD 2 SAY BECUZ THEY ALL DID THEY THANG , AND THEY ALL SOUND TIGHT ESPICELLAY ON TUESDAY + THURSDAY . YA 'LL NEED 2 GET IT !
 This album is really sweet , unfortunately , it has it 's share of stupis songs . If you buy the album , you should figure out pretty quick which ones are worth it and which ones are n't . Forgetting all of the pointless songs , overall , this album rocks !
 This song is the best song on this piece besides `` Hot girl '' . Its not long or to short . You could bump this song up in your system . But dont take my advice Go get this cut . Ya Understand !
 The album is hot . I do n't think anything is wrong with the language on the album . Nobody said anything when * Nsync or Backstreet Boys cursed.It 's always a problem when rappers speak their mind , which does involve cursing . But , on the song `` We on Fire , '' it was so hot because a lot of whacked-out rap music came out that year and Cash Money came and saved us with Juvenile 's song `` Ha '' . Go buy the album , it 's off the page !
 This a classic cd . The best cash money cd ever . Every song is off tha hook . Do n't nobody want to see the HOT BOY$ . All I have to say is ca n't wait till LET EM ' BURN .
 This album is on fire from beginning to end , if you ai n't got it now you better get soon ! Also check out the new lil wayne !
 I love the HotBoys they are so fine.My favorite hotboy is LiL Wayne he is off the chain !
 the hotboys is tight . their tighter than no limit . they will last longer than no limit too . i used to like nolimit but cash money seems to be more real than them `` soldiers '' . theyll fall off soon to though unless they show a wider range of topics , ya know
 it was off the hook it is the best one since there first but this is ten times better . they really put them selves at work when they made this cd .
 This is the just one of many hot releases from Cashmoney . Juvi , B.G , Lil Wayne , and Young Turk tore this thang up . This joint is Certified platinum ya heard .
 Man this stuff is the **** man I heard them there hot boys and i was like them niggas is bad that put them sorry playa 's no limit off the map it 's about time somebody came in and showed master P what rappin is about because it is all about them hot boys , hot boys bling bling ...
 This year No Limit brought out their group TRU , and now Cash Money came with their group Hot Boys . I like these collaborations and I think more rap labels should consider do this . Its better making albums like this then coming out with mediocre compilations with only a few good songs .
 This album is so tight.For a lil n **** like Lil ` Wayne he got sobout it on that album.If it for Lil ` Wayne and Turk I would n't haveeven liked Juvi.When I moved here from New York I did n't even like Cash Money.But now I so into this theres no way out.For anybody who does n't like CMP Yall need to get real.In the future I would love to hear from Lil ` Wayne because he can flow and he is not only cute but fine and sexy.Much luv to CMP -LRB- Expecially Lil ` Wayne -RRB- .
 MAN DIS ALBUM IS HAS PLATINUM ALL OVER IT . BUT LIL ' WAYNES ALBUM IS GOING TO BE TIGHT TOO . YOU THINK THIS ALBUM WAS TIGHT THOUGH THE CD I 'M WAITING FOR IS DA 504 BOYZ NOW THAT ONE HAS DOUBLE PLATINUM ON IT . .
 I think the hot boys tore it up this time with b.g especially with lil ` wayne i think lil ` wayne is so cute.I think cash money records is going to take over the music world.Cash money records and No limit records are going to be the best ever .
 If yall like them cash money brothaz -LSB- cmb 's -RSB- this c.d. is 4 u . All i can say is these boys are on firrrrrrre . This cd was mixed tighly and beautifully by no other than magnolias finest mannie fresh . So yall go get it . My fav . track is ` ridin ' and ' i need a hot girl ' . THIS IS ONE OF CASH MONEY RECORDS BEST CD 'S EVEN THOUGH THEY ALL TIGHT.So get it be 4 its gone ... YA DIG ?
 The Hot Boys tore it up on this one . They had hot tracks wit b.g. , juvenile , lil wayne and others from cash money . Cash Money is gon na take over the music business baby !!!!!!!!
 Most who would look to buy this are ones who would be moved by this type of music in the first place . This wo n't disappoint . Although I am not a fan of synthesizers , they are used often in worship settings . Other than that , this CD will prepare your heart for the presence of the Lord .
 This is a great CD !! I love WeiB Kreuz !! The anime is awsome ! Its bout 4 guys -LRB- hhhooottt -RRB- who work at a flower shop , but at night they are the White Hunters -LRB- or Byce as in the anime -RRB- they are assasins that `` hunt the tomorrow '' of Bad guys , the bad guys the police cant get . Like when teens start blowing up in flames in public for no reason ... from a strange gas substance that w / instant contact ingulfs any object ... but i couldnt resist . Its also an emotional anime at times ! I think this is a Cd and Anime any anime fan should see ...
 It may not be the world 's most critically acclaimed video game for the Sega Dreamcast -LRB- despite having some of the most superbly lush graphics of any DC game and having the same art direction staff as Atlus ' critically acclaimed Persona series -RRB- , but the smoothness of its graphics -LRB- something that seems to be lacking from 1st person shooters -RRB- and its beautiful music completely make up for it and make this album worth every penny . Rather than most film or video game sountracks , Maken X sets itself apart by utilizing numerous styles of music , from hard rock to techno to East-Indian chanting , no breed of melody is left out . Yes , it does cost quite a pretty penny , but when one considers the fact that not only does it encompass several different genres of music , but also that it has at least four prime examples of each genre it represents . The disc contains a whopping 44 tracks , with certain pieces being as short as thirty seconds , to some as long as three to four minutes ! So even if you 've never played the game , or played the game and did not think all that highly of it , you are bound to enjoy at least half of the tracks presented on this fine album . My personal favorite track is number 18 , `` MIST '' .
 it 's a pretty penny , but it 's worth every pretty penny
 Rah Digga is a great artist and I love both of these songs . But if I were you I 'd get her whole album . But her whole album has the remix of `` Straight Spittin '' insted of the origanal version . Which ever one you get they will both have the song `` Tight '' on them . Rah Digga is a great artist !
 `` Time Note '' may be singer-songwriter Hanako Oku 's most widely known CD . It contains her two big hits from the 2006 anime film `` The Girl Who Leapt Through Time . '' Her songs are romantic , emotional piano ballads sung in Japanese . Every track is heart warming -- or heart BREAKING , sometimes it is hard to tell . I 'm not sure if my heart is breaking or filled with joy . The playing and singing is so good , you do not have to understand Japanese to feel the emotional effect . Her voice is like an angel.This is a great album from a great artist .
 For all of those who did n't like this soundtrack or who did n't give it a full five stars for its quality , I 'm writing this review . Let me just say that a true lover of `` classical '' or movie music should truly enjoy this soundtrack all by itself ; and for those who are not only among that order but who 've had these tunes running in their head for years ever since they first played the game itself , this is a must-have item . Upon first hearing the orchestral versions of these songs via Napster MP3 , I was blown away
 Squaresoft better be happy they 've been so fortunate . Not only do they bring to us the standard in RPGs , but , through Nobuo Uematsu , they empower those same games with great music . This CD , then , takes Uematsu 's wonderful compositions and brings them even further from the confines of the SNES cartridge . Yeah , I loved the music in the game , but I also love these versions . The full range of emotion and beauty in the music is realized through the orchestration , rather than what was managed with the nintendo system . Either way , however , you ca n't go wrong !! I 'd pick this up if I did n't have it .
 Final Fantasy VI Grand Finale holds the distinctions of being based on the greatest video game soundtrack ever and of being my first arranged game soundtrack . So this disc has high expectations to live up to . About half of its tracks I am totally satisfied with the way they were done . A few follow their original game versions rather closely and sound terrific performed by real instruments . In others the arrangements vary slightly from the originals , but the changes follow the spirit of the OSV closely . I 'm especially happy with the excellent version of the game 's opening theme.However , there 's a slightly different story to other tracks on the CD . In some arrangements there are small changes that hurt an entire piece . For example , an otherwise perfect rendition of Relm 's theme is ruined for me by blaring bagpipes . Others have changes that make them considerably different from the original versions . One example would be `` Gau '' , which although a nice arrangement in its own right , does n't posess the eye-watering quality of the original.Most Final Fantasy fans will probably feel that this CD does n't live up to the original soundtrack it is based on . Of course , many Final Fantasy fans - myself included - feel that the original soundtrack is one of the greatest musical achievements ever . A hard label to live up to . I must credit the arrangers for having a cinematic vision when they went about embellishing these compositions . I remember when I first got the CD , listening intently and envisioning the characters moving through my own little Final Fantasy movie as the music progressed . Fond memories , to be sure . So while this CD may not be the dream Final Fantasy VI arranged collection , it is nonetheless an interesting and entertaining one which fans should be hesitant to miss .
 The thing that most people do n't understand about the FFVI sound track is that it could n't possibly sound the same as the game . When people buy it they are expecting the exact same music and they heard while playing it , but it just would n't be done . On the original SNES system that this game was made for it had a very poor sound quality system in it . It was only about 16 bits if even that much . Nobody would want to listen to the poor quality music that the game produced when they could hear it orchestrated and remastered like the future FF Series games had . All in all i thought that this sound track was an excellent portrayal of the way the music should have sounded , had the game been placed on a CD based system instead of a 16 bit SNES cartridge system .
 Like many fans of game music , the Final Fantasy VI soundtrack originally got me interested in the genre . As a fan of classical music , I have always eagerly awaited official symphonic arrangements of my favorite game tunes , and Grande Finale is probably the best of said arrangements.The music of FFVI is always emotional
 I have the original soundtrack for FF6 But I still love this CD . Well , since it 's not OST so do n't expect to hear the original music you heard while playing game . All pieces are played by symphony orchestra and , as a classical music lover myself , I enjoy this CD as much as Vivaldi 's Four Season !! Every song was well rearranged and perfectly presented in symphonic style ... Warning !! if you 're only gamers and do n't think any classical music is worth listening , do n't buy this CD . . But if you 're classical music lovers as well , buy it . . !! Whether or not you 've ever played the game , the beauty of the music will make you not to regret every penny you spend . . !!
 As a youngster when the original game came out , the music playing in the background of the game influenced me to an impressive degree . Since this was one of the first games I really played through several times , it was really ingrained into my psyche . At times I would even play through the game just to hear the music . When I heard there was a CD of it done by a full orchestra , needless to say , I was excited . The renditions are very well done , and feature some exotic instrumentation -LRB- bagpipes for Relm ... rather unusual , but very effective -RRB- . I was particularly captured by the Aria -LRB- the opera house song/Celes 's theme -RRB- . I 've played it for people who had never even heard of the game , and they 's remarked at how beautiful it is . For those who have an emotional attachment to the game , it 's an intense experience . I would highly recommend it to anyone , but particularly those who have played the game and loved it .
 Reading the other reviews , I can understand some of their complaints . Yes , some of the selections are not the most exciting from the OSV , and some of the songs have undergone `` surgery '' , so to speak . However , if one can just dig a little deeper into the music , they will discover how truly amazing this CD is . Nobuo Uematsu 's simple yet fantastic melodies are blended with a mature orchestra sound to achieve a high level of greatness.Track Listing : Opening Theme
 So , judging by some of the other reviews for this CD , I can assume that this album might not appeal to everyone . That is understandable because everyone 's taste varies , this is what gives life so much spice.All of that being said and gotten out of the way , I will do my best to make this review as unbiased and honest as I can.As background , this album has a lot of emotional attachment for me . I absolutely loved the game when I was growing up , and I remember seeing this album when my parents and I were at a comic book-esque store -LRB- I 'm not sure how to describe it , they sold everything there from anime and manga , to Comics and music , clothes . figurines -RRB- . I was so excited to get it . It was a bit expensive , as it still seems to be , however they bought it for me in exchange for doing extra-chores . I excitedly agreed and this album with interesting cover-art was in my possession . From the moment I popped it in the CD player , I loved it , from beginning to end -LRB- accept for Relm , the bagpipe seemed really out of place . They should have used a Clarinet or something -RRB- . After well-over a decade , I still have fond memories of it and enjoy listening to it.Getting that out of the way , I think it might not be possible for me to be completely objective . I think this is a fantastic album , and while I can understand how some classical aficionados might not be as excited about it as others , I think Mr. Uematsu did a wonderful job composing and conducting this.If you go onto your favorite video-sharing site , you should be able to find some complete recordings of some of the songs to give you a taste of what it sounds like . If you enjoyed Video Games Live -LRB- which was on PBS -RRB- , then chances are you are going to love this album.I definitely recommend this album , however if you are skeptical I verily encourage you to find some decent samples and listen to it first to get a taste . If you enjoy it , then please buy it ! Music like this needs to be supported .
 Final Fantasy VI Grande Finale
 For all of those who did n't like this soundtrack or who did n't give it a full five stars for its quality , I 'm writing this review . Let me just say that a true lover of `` classical '' or movie music should truly enjoy this soundtrack all by itself ; and for those who are not only among that order but who 've had these tunes running in their head for years ever since they first played the game itself , this is a must-have item . Upon first hearing the orchestral versions of these songs via Napster MP3 , I was blown away
 I love this album so much ! As a classical music lover and devoted Nobuo Uematsu fan , the concept of the album really appealed to me . I really enjoyed the fusion of classical music with some of my favorite songs in the game . My favorite track on this album by far was `` Aria Di Mezzo Carattere '' , which adds a whole new level to the already beautiful song - the lyrics are actually sung in Italian . Other tracks I enjoyed were : `` Opening Theme ~ Tina '' - which is a blend of `` The Opening Theme '' and `` Tina '' -LRB- known as `` Terra '' to those of us playing the NA versions of the game -RRB- , which sounds like it came from a Spaghetti Western `` Gau '' - the cello is lovely `` Kids Run Through the City Corner '' - I love how the violin and harpsichord `` flirt '' with each other in the introduction , and then work together afterwards `` Relm '' - which has a harpsichord AND bagpipes in it ! `` Mystery Train '' - There is some intense violin and piano on this trackEven if you 're not the biggest fan of classical music , you will still enjoy this album if you love the music in Final Fantasy VI . I definitely recommend it !
 This is not just some sort of disco a la Francaise . Just before he died during the peak of the disco days , Clo-Clo left the best disco music ever created . Not only does this album burn , but Clo-Clo seems to put all his heart and voice in this timeless recording . `` Magnolias are Forever '' competes with `` Saturday Night Fever '' for a choice party album . Yet , keep in mind that `` Magnolias '' is n't a compilation . Overcome the language and you 'll discover that Clo-Clo was a natural in making some of the best disco . Any discophile needs this album if he really claims to be one . All French people refer to this particular album when remembering the immortal Clo-Clo !
 James Moody , and his well known `` cast of characters '' have put together an awsome sample of what can be done when you think everything else has already been done ... I really enjoy listening to this up and coming jazz artist because he has a style that is all his own . I play this CD everytime I am trying to impress someone ... and it never fails to do the job . There are some really great songs in new styles that consistantly perk up my friends ears when they hear it . They know that song , but they 've `` never heard it played like THAT before '' .
 This new artist gives jazz music a new and vibrant shade . I LOVED this CD because it is NOT the `` same ` ol thang '' . It is new and original . It made me want to dance , it made me want to discover far off places , it made me want to run `` Beyond the Borders '' and find the secret that this guitar player from California seems to have discovered . I am excited to hear cuts from `` Beyond the Borders '' more and more on our local east coast jazz stations , and predict that before Moody 's next run for the border , he will be more than a familiar name on the international jazz scene . One last thing to share . This music is `` fresh '' ! If you are looking for music that speaks to you , that reaches out , grabs you by the soul , and throws you into a whole new world of `` feel good '' , then you have GOT TO get this CD ! Trust me , YOU WO N'T BE SORRY !
 This CD is amazing to drive on a trip with . It has a variety of Flavors * Also great to have on for guests outside . Amazed at my ole friend from teen years , how professional he has become .
 A great guitarist with lots of feeling for his work . Ca n't wait for his next record !
 I stumbled upon this artist in Catalina on a recent vacation . He was playing live , and it was tasty enough I took the risk to pick up the CD . I figured if this guy sounded good live , the studio version would sound good too . I was n't dissappointed.The overall genre is jazz , but it 's got a lot of latin influences . Moody plays lyrical , passionate solos , and you always know there is a a full rack of chops he 's not displaying . Dig
 Although I 've always liked Seal , this is actually the first album I picked up from him . I read a lot of reviews and most people are saying that his first two albums were his best ones . Maybe that 's true , but that does n't mean there are n't any gems to be found on his fourth album.As usual , you 'll find some nice ballads on here , like `` Do n't Make Me Wait '' , `` Tinsel Town '' and `` Love 's Divine '' . And the funky tracks are also good , as evidenced by the first single , `` Waiting For You '' . Seal also does a good job of covering otherwise played-out subject matter , like the we-are-the-world song `` Get It Together '' and the keep-your-head-up song `` Where There 's Gold '' . Unfortunately , though , I ca n't say the same about `` Let Me Roll '' , a rather silly attempt at a club-rocker . I did n't really care for `` Touch '' either , but that 's okay because songs like the laid back `` Loneliest Star '' will remind you why you picked this album up to begin with . And no offense , but I wonder if the reviewers that complained that Seal is n't getting any airplay in the States have ever heard of VH1 . Anyway , Seal IV definitely gets the seal of approval.Anthony Rupert
 Anyone who has a negative comment about Seal 's new CD has `` NO '' ear for music ! This is the best CD from him ever , the others were good , yes , but this one ... EVERY song is totally awesome ! You 'll hear his creativeness expressed in every song . His voice reaches out to you with every song , every verse , every chorus . With this CD , he is a musical genius ! I 'm totally in love with this CD ! Especially track # 3 - Waiting for You ! Oh , what can I say about this song ... it 's so lovely , it 's a loving song , in fact , every one is a loving song . They all express love , emotion and your inner being . A suggestion to all of you - Go and buy this CD , no downloads ! If you have a listening ear , an ear for great , real music , this is the one to buy ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 I like Seal . Some of his songs are very good . I had seen this and decided to pick it up because I 'm a surround freak at the moment . I thought it was pretty good . Definitely solid 3 stars with some 4 star songs . I 've given it 4 stars for the CD & DVD combo at -LRB- Now ? -RRB- a great price . If you like Seal definitely recommended . I like the 5.1 - 3.5 stars OK but not Great . I mainly wrote this because of the poor rating this has . You 'll regard it .
 This Soundtrack has to be one of the oddest , yet beautifully composed of all time ! This 3 pack contains music from one of the most famous Playstation rpg of all time ! The music is made up of Synthesizers which form a strange tune , and at the same time sound as if it were composed exclusively for an Orchestra , yet alot of it makes you wonder if it were Heavy Metal rather than all the above ! The Music is hard to explain , but much of it has you imagine yourself playing the roles of a hero on a quest , or of any other storylines of the Popular Saga Frontier series . This cd is a must to game soundtrack collectors , Heavy Metal Collectors , Orchestra , RPG fans , or people into unique music . Its worth it .
 Though it would be wrong to compare them since Umatsu feels like classical music while this is a sometimes ambient tropical feel or just plain avant garde electronic battle music , which is the high point in the album . Anyone who has played the game know 's theres around a dozen or so battle themes and they all are just so beatifully composed , that it makes you wonder why square dosent use this composer so much . It might be tempting to buy it if you havent played the game -LRB- since the music always make you think of the worlds were it was used in the game -RRB- but if youre a videogame music aficionado , then this soundtrack would be on your top 5 .
 Hey , so I pride myself on being open-minded about music and enjoy music from ABBA to Napalm Death , but this is the collection of a true connoisseur of music looking way beyond the pop-rock I 'm at home with.As befits a friend of Robert Wyatt and an innovator in his own field -LRB- the field of surrealist mini-stories -RRB- , Ivor Cutler has delved deep into the deepest riches of his music collection and come up with nothing predictable -LRB- beyond a Robert Wyatt track , of course -RRB- and some real odd-balls . The range is the most breathtaking I 've ever found on one disk
 Wonderful video , very comical and loved by kids , also teaches some good Biblical truths and good gospel songs .
 A good short album . Mostly comprised of bonus tracks from previous releases . Entombed always picks good unique cover songs and makes them their own . Good for fans of the band , and no it is n't death metal , it does n't sound like Wolverine Blues either , grow up people . It is a better release than Same Difference which I did n't care for except a song here or there . I do respect Entombed for trying new sounds and for releasing something on a yearly basis , unlike most bands . Pick this one up .
 Never heard any releases by this band but then I picked up this cd and was very impressed with what I heard . What makes the whole cd to me is their cover of `` Satan '' by The Dwarves.They do The Dwarves justice .
 I have waited nearly four months for this album and the wait is finally over , it 's a good little album , show casing the many talents of this great metal band . It 's not left hand path or wolverine blues material -LRB- both albums are in a league of their own , respectively -RRB- but for a moment just try to forget about the past work of entombed and listen to this like u are listening to them for the first time , I know that it is hard though . I recommend for the metal maniacs , entombed 's new album , `` uprising '' . I have owned it for about 2 weeks and it gets better with each listen , one for the collection . Entombed are the greatest band in the whole world ... Cheers !
 I just heard track 3 , Sonata in C , BWV 966 -LRB- after Reincken -RRB- , on the radio . I am not certain that I have heard Andreas Staier play the harpsichord in the past , but I would definitely like to hear more of his work . Not being a musicologist I can hardly provide a technical critique of the playing . but I will say that it was sweet enough to my ear that I tried to track down a copy of the disc . It is , alas , out of print . I hope to find one on sale somewhere nevertheless .
 Miss Jordan always had a special attitude for the bass , the bass lines she uses to play with singing in a group . As much as Anita O'Day used to do whith drums , Sheila Jordan has the unique ability to express herself in a clear , witty and unique way , scatting or singin words , talking and exchanging suggestions with the acoustic bass player . This is the second , according to my knowledge , and probably one of the very best of her duo recordings . A must for jazz fans and listeners keen to jazz singers with an instrumental attitude .
 It seems like Ranier Maria can always be counted on to write great songs . These three equal almost everything on Look Now Again -LRB- with the possible exception of Feeling Neglected , my personal favorite -RRB- . Their songs again with this EP are complex and multi-partite without being an intellectual excercise . And the lyrics again are charmingly personal and specific which I always love about them -- `` Maybe I 've lost my faith in history and the only thing I believe in now is the sound of the Atlantic . '' & `` And when the earth is only dust and brine we 'll eat the salt water taffy . '' The only slightly disappointing thing is growing studio sound ranier maria has acquired . The fab indie-rock grainy-ness of the first album has gradually become a crystaline emo dinging . With that change the girl-boy call and response lyrics and hipster `` i am a rockstar and I do n't care '' yelling has been tamed to mostly girl-vocal overdubs . It 's cool though . To me the sound is n't quite as important as the composition and overall the sound is still theirs and thus lovely .
 < 333333333333333333 oh man . i < 3 caithlin . cait , if you ever read this ... call me ! oh man .
 This maxi single is actually 50 minutes long with six tracks . The first is the three minute `` Tuva Groove '' from Ondar 's Back Tuva Future CD , followed by techno remixes by Hani , Thievery Corporation , Desert and The Shooter . The real gem here is the `` hidden track '' from the Back Tuva Future CD which features a very interesting discussion of Ondar , Tuvan throat singing techniques and the late physicist Richard Feynman . This CD is well priced and a serious bargain . Enjoy !
 A beautiful example of how a piece of ethnic folk psychedelic music can be happily married to ultra-modern electronic dance tunes.Huun-huurtu is an Altai -LRB- Russia -RRB- band , which practices the traditional `` throat singing '' .
 very nice a good work out tune
 This is one of the biggest bands in minneapolis right now . Recently added to AP 's 100 bands you need to know in 05 ' . So get to know em before everyone else does . Great great music . For fans of Further Seems Forever , Jimmy Eat World , Death Cab For Cutie.www.purevolume.com / smalltownsburnalittleslower
 This is an excellent EP . Every song is solid , and the style is unique . The songs are all innovative instrumentally , and the vocals are great , and arenit just the generic emo voice you hear way to much of these days . `` Wait For Me , Abby Bernstein , '' is probably the best song on the album . `` Flower Cross , '' is nothing like any of the other songs , yet it fits the album perfectly . This a great album , and if you ever get a chance to see this band live , do so , because they are an amazing band to see .
 The band . Talented . Angel -LRB- with no reference to The Exorcist -RRB- . The warm sophomore album delivers . Some notable songs include tracks 1 through 15 . While heavily orchestrated under Callier , Arnaert 's vox is like angel dust , solo or duo . And you do n't have to speak much English to enjoy it . The album never loses its power from Battersea to Milk . Cookies , anyone ?
 Sounds like a record should . Sounds like a band should . My new favorite band .
 Stripped Down , dirty , and very bad ass . The French Kicks sound like the bastard children of Television and the Rolling Stones . This four song ep is raunchy , but you 'll love it ! Expect big things from these guys !
 Playing Time - 37:37 Songs
 OK , not really , but this EP is one of the most incredible that I have ever heard . Just when you think Goldfrapp can not possibly raise the bar any higher , up it goes into the stratosphere.Needless to say , to any Goldfrapp fan that is , that Alison 's voice is completely flawless . If you loved their second album , `` Black Cherry '' , then you will be in heaven with this . `` Number 1 '' is easily my current favorite - so sexy and smooth , yet dirty and salacious all at the same time . While it is impossible to compare Alison to any potential peer , some have mentioned Gwen Stefani and Madonna . What a disservice . While I actually am a semi-closeted fan of both Stefani and Madonna , they on their best day could n't hope to sound like Alison on her worst . If I was pressed to make a comparison , I would have to say that Shirley Manson from Garbage comes mind . Not really similar voices , but fairly similar singing style/delivery and remotely same sounding music , particularly when compared against Garbage 's last two albums , `` Pretty Garbage '' and `` Bleed Like Me '' . That said , Alison 's voice is still really beyond compare . Shiver inducing noir British electro-sophistication . While `` Number 1 '' is a favorite for me , `` Beautiful '' and `` Ooh La La '' are a very close second . All very reminiscent of the tracks from `` Black Cherry '' , yet even better , if at all possible . `` All Night Operator '' is ever so slightly subdued for my taste , but as subdued dirty-electro goes , no one does it better than Goldfrapp.I highly recommend this EP , particularly to any fan of Goldfrapp . I am glad to have this to tide me over until the full album is released . I know that I will be waiting for the doors to open at my nearest record store to purchase the full length album when it is released early next year -LRB- if I have n't already downloaded it from iTunes at midnight -RRB- .
 I Was Listening To Marilyn Manson When A F_iend of Mine Turned Me On To A Remix Of `` This Is The New S -- ! , Goldfrapp Remix '' . Needless To Say I Decided To Check This Goldfrapp Out . Of All The Artist 's Currently Out Today , If You Have Not Heard Any Of Their Song 's Or Especially the Remixes They Roll Out , Chances Are You 've Had Your Head Stuck In The Radio , Which Unfortunatly Get 's Most Of Their Rating 's From Bathroom Walls . -LSB- I Cuss & Scream All Day , Yet I Don.t Get Paid For It -RSB- The Single `` Number 1 '' Would Be Number 1 On The Chart 's Today
 this is a fantastic song ! The music is very 80s with a twist . the music is excellent and rather minimal . and the vocals are rather incredable , her voice is rather liquid lusciousness ! buy this ! all i want to type at this point is HOT HOT HOT !!!
 `` supernature '' is hott . it 's like `` black cherry '' without any of the boring slow songs -LRB- there were a couple duds on that album -RRB- . this album is like a sluttier , sleazier , dirrty-electro kylie minogue album on a few bumps , with quite a pop feel . anyway , you 'll love it . this is an e.p. featuring some songs from the album , and some ok remixes . the full length has been out in the UK for about 2 months , i guess it 's coming out here next year sometime -LRB- i got the import , so hopefully there wo n't be any new tracks added to the US version - i 'll be totally peeved . -RRB-
 The first time I heard Goldfrapp was at Berlin Nightclub in Chicago , Illinois . Like everyone else , I had some favorite songs and everytime `` Train '' or `` Strict Machine '' came on , my friends and I would head to the dance floor and do our thing . :-RRB- One day I saw `` Black Cherry '' at Borders where I took the chance to buy it without listening to any other song . BEST CD EVER !!!! TRUST ME , YOU 'LL LOVE IT !!! After I bought the cd , I listened to it night and day . When I went home to Ohio to visit the parents , I walked out to the garage to talk to my dad one night and here he was , a 55 year old blue collar guy , jammin ' to my `` Black Cherry '' cd . I promise you 'll like it ! Oh , and this new albumb `` Number 1 '' , as mentioned earlier , only complaint
 Let 's face it
 Goldfrapp are poised for major stardom and Number 1 should be their breakthrough . This is as mainstream as an independent act like Goldfrapp can possibly be -- the song thumps and jumps borrowing heavily from 80 's synth driven tracks from two decades ago . In just two albums Goldfrapp have displayed their stunning versatility and show with this EP they are ready to take on the world . Goldfrapp are hotter than hot .
 Alrighty . Goldfrapp is an amazing band , first of all , and this EP is just a slight appetizere to what they can really do.Number 1 is alread a. ... number 1 song ! It 's sexy , it gets your blood pumping and if you watch the actual music video on the website , the lyrics all come together in one nice package that will leave you wanting more.Why only 4 stars ? No music video for Number 1 . You get a music video , but it 's not the NUmber 1 music video . A shame that they did n't include it . The video they do include is pretty cool too though.The song Beautiful has been one of the elusive tracks that you can hear on their MySpace , but ... they did n't include it anywhere but here!Beautiful sounds like it should have went on their `` Black Cherry '' album , but that does n't stop it from being an amazing song in itself.Allison 's vocals rock , and , as always , the track is just sexy and it does n't help that the whole combined effect is just ... WOW.If you have n't already bought her album as an import , you might want to consider doing that , since the actual release is n't scheduled till early next year . But go ahead and pick up black cherry to get a taste of what comes next on `` Supernature '' .
 Number 1 is an excellent choice off the Supernature album for a single ; the song has a late 70 's early 80 's synth sound . The songs on Supernatre are very different from Black Cherry ; this time around their album has a glam rock/discoth &egrave;que feel . The lyrics have a little more of a mainstream sound , the album/single still retains a uniqueness that other high volume selling bands could never achieve.Although the song rocks , the video I have to mention dose not , it 's their worst video to date , however the Ooh la la video was awesome , it reminded me of Roxy Music videos . A previous reviewer compared Alison to Madonna , the two could n't be more different . Alison actually writes her songs and plays keyboards as well . Pretty cool . The B sides to the single are good , but some of the remixes -LRB- of Oh la la -RRB- are pretty standard .
 Alison Goldfrapp is an international superstar . She is another woman , over 35 , like Madonna , making sexy music . After two great albums and several world tours , they have already put together a third album . `` Supernature '' will come out in March 2006 in America . But here we have a little sample of what is to come . The first song `` Number 1 '' is very Gary Numan sounding . Goldfrapp has become more of an electro disco outfit over the years . Their first album `` Felt Mountain '' was like a gothic torch song album , and was compared to Portishead . `` Beautiful '' could have been a track on `` Black Cherry . '' It is much like `` Strict Machine . '' While `` All Night Operator '' is much more like their early stuff . Then we have a remix of `` Ohh La La '' which is already one of the big singles of the summer . Goldfrapp seems like an unlikely band , but they always have quality tunes . Included on this EP is a recent video . Goldfrapp also has put out a cool live DVD . You should get that as well .
 With the stellar first single Ooh La La from Supernature , Goldfrapp returns with # 1 and what a deserving title it is . # 1 is a frisky , 80 's inspired track with a digitized soundscape that sparkles in all the right places . Moving on with a semi-pulsating beat draped in Alison Goldfrapp 's incredibly sensual vocal . The Alan Brake remix of the track does n't change the song all that much but does extend the # 1 goodness over it 's 31/2 minutes , definitely something you 'd wish after listening to the short album version . Listen out for the naughty lyrics in the song too.Beautiful , a Japanese bonus track , is a synth-pop track like it could have been anything from Black Cherry . All Night operator , a B-side on Ooh La La , is a slow , trippy track that screams beautiful luscious.And the last audio track is a dub mix of Ooh La La by Tieschwartz which turns the retro-electro track into a monster club anthem.Finallym the perfect treat to end it all , the very funky video of Number 1 where Goldfrapp gyrates withher brood of doggie pals in an operation theater with ultimate sass and candour , making her look like a pussy cat.Dear US fans , so be patient with the expanded and altered release or Supernature come Mar 7 . It 'd be worth the wait given this preview !
 Obviously , this is just a sample of Supernatural which is already out in the UK and will be released in the US in March.This EP is short and SWEET . ` Number 1 ' is the perfect way to start this record and in case you were confused , Goldfrapp makes better music than anything Gwen Stefani on creative steroids could ever dream of making -LRB- Although I really like ` What you waiting for ? , but most of that album was truly MISERABLE -RRB- The rest of this EP is like a shot of bliss to the brain . Although the first remix of ` Number 1 ' is n't exactly all that remixed , there are definitely no weak tracks here in the slightest.But my most favoritest -LRB- it 's that good -RRB- track on the whole EP ... Ooh La La -LRB- Tiefshwarz mix -RRB- This track is AMAZING . I just ca n't get enough of it . Definately buy this ... so you can wish you lived in the UK so you could pick this full lenght album up TODAY !!
 Get it for this song alone . This is a U.S. release for the forthcoming release of Supernature next March 2006 . Very excited , yes . Until then nibble on this little gem and dance around . Ooh La La. . .
 I love this EP . The B-sides are great . It is amazing . As for Supernature I ordered it from amazon.co.uk and did n't have any problems . It took longer but it was worth it !!!!
 i recently heard this song and really liked it . i used google on some of the lyrics and found out about the group and song . i was very surprised that this song from 2005 had an eighties sound so naturaly i like it alot and have shared the song with others . i have found others that like eighties music really like this song - if you do not like the eighties style music you would probably not like it - please keep in mind i made this purchase for one song on the single specifically `` No 1 '' the other songs i do n't care for . if you listen to the No 1 song and like it then buy it here on amazon go to `` stuff at tom 's garage they will take good care of you . i would strongly reccomend `` stuff in tom 's garage - the purchase was quick - excellent new condition product - i give stuff in tom 's garage a five star rating and most certainly will buy from this company again !!!! here is some more infomation about the song and band
 This was a lot of fun to listen to and is on my ipod .
 Let me first say I 'm into HipHop -LRB- real Hiphop , slug , Atmosphere , etc -RRB- . I have latelly been checking out the Euro scene of music -LRB- I do n't know bought a Bmw could have been influencing me lol -RRB- . I like this chick -LRB- not only cute -RRB- but she is cute and beats are catchy . Their music makes wan na make me drive fast . The older I get -LRB- 30 -RRB- , the more I listen to beat and the complete way the music is put together . So liking the Goldfrapp stuff . So I by these cd 's for my girl -LRB- while secretly ripping them to my zune -RRB- . Right now working overtime to go check out Europe and stuff -LRB- not better than America , but different obviously the as an European visiting here . Good catchy cd , interesting use of instruments and keyboards . Did I mention she is cute little thing . Check out their videos they are a trip .
 I have just recently discovered Goldfrapp and boy look at what I have been missing out on!This disc is incredible ! My only gripe ... it needs to be longer!Number 1 is an excellent song so walk out into velvet!Such a shame that US radio does not play such a wonderous mix of techno & electronica on the airwaves , yet forces us to listen constantly to tired rap lyrics about hos and bling , dumb TV show contest winners and R&B ; idiocy.Allison has them all beat , hands down !
 Number 1 is a compilation of UK-releases CD-singles . As such it 's more an enhanced ep with 3 different songs , 2 remixes and 1 video . Number 1 is a great song with a lot of energy in it . But the price goes to `` Beautiful '' which I like best . And of course the video , but that is not so brilliant as the Ooh La La video was . Great buy , cheap price , lots of listening joy , for every Goldfrapp , DM and Mesh-addict .
 While I was really put out over Mute 's decision to take the option of even BUYING the `` Supernature '' import CD -LRB- they CX my order w / no explanation ! And it was only 13.99 too ! -RRB- I am grateful for this great EP . Number One is another departure for this amazing duo , and I think it sounds like a missing piece of my new wave-teen years . . It 's like the AMAZING song they play at the end of the 80s movie -LRB- early 80s that is , no later than 82 ' -RRB- you must own upon hearing ... Really amazing . The mix for Ooh la la is pointless , the one for Number One is good -LRB- I would prefer an extended version & instrumental version -RRB- . The B-sides are great . This really should live up to it 's title in the charts , if only in Europe .
 It 's Thomas ! Kids love it . I can tolerate him better than Barney or those Wiggles . Still sounds so odd to hear George Carlin narrating a children 's movie ...
 As usual , Thomas and Friends are entertaining in all the best ways for kids ! Good lessons and good fun .
 Tiana Lemnitz may have been first and foremost an opera star , but this collection of German songs is a knockout , a ravishing collection . You should not expect a Lieder singer turning herself inside out in search of meanings , what too often comes across in too many Lieder specialists as what a music teacher once quipped to me as giving a bad demonstration of Benedict Arnold selling out to the British . Lemnitz instead approaches each selection with confidence and a comforting sense for each pieces unique quality - when drama and excitement are called for she does n't hesitate to sing out and open things up - and she does so with the sort of vocal glamor a movie buff might associate with Rita Hayworth 's dance in Gilda ! This sort of voice in the service of Lieder is , at least for me , a regal joy ! Lemnitz not only can be enjoyed for the sheer marvelous sounds she produces - and they can be transfixing - as witness Wolf 's Goethe song , &#34; Die Bekehrte &#34; where Lemnitz simply takes your breath away with some of the most beautiful sounds I 've ever heard from a soprano - but allayed to her vocal gift is an obvious idiomatic way with the German language.All the selections are accompanied by piano save the two Rasch songs , which feature a violin and harp . Do n't skip them - haunting singing!Preiser uses absolutely pristine masters for these selections - and the results sound about as good as any Thirties re-issues . The notes are less than a page or so of general biographical stuff , sans mention of the controversial statements Lemnitz made that so damaged her reputation . Since the reverse side with dates and selections does not appear on the listing - I 've taken the trouble to list the basics .1 -RRB- . Schubert - Am Grabe Anselmos - 19372 - 6 -RRB- . Wagner - Wesendonk songs - Der Engel ; Stehe still ; Im Treibhaus ; Schmerzen ; and Traume . All 1937.7 -RRB- . Brahms - Von ewiger Liebe ; 1939 - and8 -RRB- . Brahms - Immer leiser wird mein Schlummer 1939.9 - 17 -RRB- . Wolf - Wiegenlied im Sommer ; Wiegenlied im Winter ; In der Fruhe ; Schlafendes Jesuskind ; SanktNepomuks Vorabend - all these 1937 . Die Sprode ; Die Bekehrte - 1939 . Nachtruss ; Die Kleine - 1940.18-19 -RRB- . Rasch - Der Mond ist aufgegangen ; Als ich dich kaum geseh 'n - 1940 .
 This All I Have To Give single has 7 awesome songs . They are All I Have To Give -LRB- Radio Version -RRB- , Everybody -LRB- Backstreet 's Back -RRB- -LRB- 7 '' Version -RRB- , I 'll Never Break Your Heart -LRB- Radio Edit -RRB- , As Long As You Love Me -LRB- Radio Version -RRB- , Everybody -LRB- Backstreet 's Back -RRB- -LRB- Instrumental -RRB- , I 'll Never Break Your Heart -LRB- Instrumental -RRB- , and As Long As You Love Me -LRB- Peppermint Jam Remix -RRB- . I am a big fan of the Backstreet Boys and I love the instrumentals . They should have cds of all their instrumentals . I hope this helped you make a decision . Bye !
 I would have perferred they released this soundtrack and a score soundtrack . I did enjoy this CD and do n't regret buying it . It 's just my prefence . The music score in TMNT , mainly the main theme , sounds just like the main theme in Catwoman , which I thought was strange , but it seems to work . Would 've been cooler to hear some hint of the first live action movie 's theme included since this is a loose sequel to it . I really would have liked the score released but this is the next best thing and a lot of the tracks have a nice beat to them . Good CD to blast in the car !
 Alright , so my review is obviously 5 stars ! Here 's why
 The TMNT -LRB- Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -RRB- soundtrack to the 2007 CGI movie of the same name rocks ! Different from the first three movie soundtracks , it departs from its heavily rap and techno dance formats to a much more rock/alternative ambience.Kicking off the CD is the fast rap/rock song , `` Shell Shock '' , by Gym Class Heroes . It also features other previously released songs from Meg & Dia , Cobra Starship , Cute Is What We Aim For , Jet , Pepper , Billy Talent , This Providence , Ever We Fall , Big City Rock and Christian rock band , P.O.D. Following and keeping in the tradition , it also features two score pieces -LRB- `` I Love Being a Turtle '' and `` Nightwatcher '' -RRB- by movie composer , Klaus Badelt.My only gripe is that they did n't include the movie 's opening theme , but overall , I was pleased with it . It took me a while to get used to the rock format.If a sequel is in the works , to include another soundtrack , I hope that they -LRB- the movie and music depts . -RRB- will keep the same format for the accompanying soundtrack.The Turtles are back in full swing . Rock on !
 The CD was great and arrived on time . The soundtrack itself is amazing and has all kinds of music that 's great for everything ever the end .
 This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to . the best songs on this cd are all of them . if you have not listened to this cd then i recommend you do
 Its awesome I really enjoy the mix of music on this album it great 100 % pure joy . For a TMNT fan anyway .
 This soundtrack is AWESOME ! It has rock , just music , and slow songs so I would really recomend it ! Also is great idea to get if you love the movie !
 I love the songs on this CD . Some of the songs make me want to run fast and punch stuff .
 In the vein as the Hellacopters but somewhere between ` supershitty to the max ' and ` payin ' the dues ' this band comes at you in a hurricane of petro , grease , and car fixing punk rawk fury . The singer Odd sounds like a suicidal Elvis on the brink of a nervous breakdown but with just enough cool to keep it all together , and keep the girlies wanting him.So , if you 're into spark plugs , oil , and doo-rags give this cd a spin .
 edith has created a venue for herself to exorcise melancholic memories with painful melodies . there are no disguises on this collection . lonesome guitars and medicinal piano radiate the mood of broken spirits . she writes all her own songs . these ballads are definite reminders of those unbearable moments we all have to live . they are all gray sky , secluded , isolating tunes . i envision a ironical pace . i thought she was from chicago , millions and millions of people , and she sings stark loneliness
 Its a Game and Calling over Time are Edith Frost 's best music . There are years between the two albums but the kinship is very very close . Each song on Its a Game will transport you to the world of sweet repose . Much like a summer or autumn friendship that simply fades this music is so hauntingly familiar to the feelings that linger after the time has left you in a state of misty eye wonder.Thanks to Edith for writing so candid and for the music arrangements that are simply perfect for her songs . Again thanks for the kinship and this is highly recommended .
 Let 's say you 're a friend of Edith Frost 's and you 're out with her having a good time at the state fair since she needs a day away and someone to talk to because she ca n't withstand the pain and fire of heartbreak alone . The wind gently brushes everyone 's hair as the sun takes it 's time setting over the rides and the kids having fun and there 's Edith with your ear , disclosing some of her deepest emotions and longings . Hearing those things is one of the saddest things about being alive but feeling them through her is also one of the most exhilarating.This scenario may not be the case with most listeners but it 'll feel that way less than a minute into her new album `` It 's A Game '' . This vivid and utterly engaging journal of romance , heartbreak and the general musings in between and the careful buoyancy she gives each and every story will bring tears to your eyes if you let them . Edith makes some of the saddest most beautiful country music around . The best way to describe it would be that if you went into an old house and slowly ventured into the light colored living room they all have and noticed the slew of family portraits that are always there circling the room . If you pan around like in the movies , you 'll come upon Edith 's picture ... and there she 'll be smiling , and in an instant you 'll know how special she truly is and how beautiful her voice must be .
 Daniel B&eacute;langer has always brought something fresh and original by the way of his lyrics and melodies . This time around , he went in a totally in another direction.The lyrics are still excellent , as usual , although sometimes , it is a lot more direct than the last three albums , which is not a bad thing in any way . Do n't worry , you 'll still have to use your head and imagination . The music is where the big change happened . DO NOT expect anything like his previous albums . It 's a lot more techno or rock depending of the mood of the song , but it is incredible . Everything goes so well together . Because the whole album is one big story -LRB- you go through 10 rounds of a boxing match and I wo n't tell you who wins ;--RRB- , I actually enjoy sitting and just listening the whole album without doing anything else.He 's a unique artist and it shows in his work . As long you do n't expect the usual , you might be pleasantly surprised by this great album . I was , and more . At least , listen to the extracts on his website . Album of the year in my book .
 In this experimental album , B&eacute;langer shows his own dark & hidden garden . Obviously describing his fights against a depressive lifestyle and his deepest reflexions in his previous album -LRB- Rver Mieux - wich totally impressed me -RRB- , he comes back with an exclusive musical and lyrical style mostly expressing how he concieves life as a constant fight -LRB- analogy
 Woody Shaw for those who do n't know is a hardbop trumpeter who came to prominence through his association with pianist Horace Silver in the 60s . During the 70s , he continued making great hardbop albums that eschewed the fusion movemovent . The unfortunate thing about Shaw was he was overshadowed by trumpeters like Freddie Hubbard , Lee Morgan , and later Wynton Marsalis . `` Imagination '' was recorded at Van Gelder Studios , Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey on June 24 , 1987 and will mark the last album he would record before his death in 1989 . The music herein is classic Woody fare with a stellar group of musicians
 The album has it all -- fire & ice with a touch of sweetness from Woody Shaw himself .
 Man , some more jammin tracks from the SUC . This is Pokey 's first official record ... and sh ** is sooo real . Love the production , everything is real nice & screwed out . This is among the last of the great SUC records . Not to say they 've fallen off ... just they 've downsized so much with the deaths of the screw pioneers . Sad but true . If ya love Tx rap , you 've got ta get this 1 . Somethin to kickback & blow big too , somethin to jam in the ride . So underrated , right here . I wish people would forget all the bullsh ** on BET/MTV and check what 's happening in Houston . But i guess ... it 's sadly almost too late . Pat 's gone , hawk 's gone ... screw , Moe , Pimp C , Big Steve . Makes me sad . Regardless , Pokey is still alive and making new music , keeping the legacy alive . And this is a great place to start with him . Classic record . Love it , man
 i ca n't argue with any of these reviews , they are all on point . It 's amazing to me how Big Pokey can come out with a cd that is so good and underground , while at the same time you got so many mainstream rappers selling millions of cd 's that are sub-par . I see theres sellers on here practically giving this cd away for 5 bucks , go ahead and cop this .
 This CD is awesome . I 'm not from the 3rd coast but all i listen to is slowed and throwed and this is one of the throwdest . I recomend you cop this cd . The beats are hot
 Pokey is no doubt the hardest pit in the litter , the realist ni ## a out of H-TOWN ever sence Mr.FAT PAT left us R.I.P. PAT the cd is the most jammin ' if you know music the most crisp clean flow you gone ever hear thats real !!!
 Classic from the underground . Beautiful album . Every track bangs hard - This music is dark , evocative , and entropic , but it is also ultimately an affirming celebration of being alive . RIP Screw . RIP Pimp C. RIP Big Moe . RIP Fat Pat . RIP HAWK .
 This is probably the best southside CD to ever come out . Pretty much every song has a guest or 2 on the track . From the late Fat Pat , to Botany Boys , Mr. 3-2 , Big Steve , Chris Ward , H.A.W.K , and many more . This is how a southside CD should always be .
 Big Pokey is one of the best rappers out of the South . No one can do it like him . This album is a small example of what he can do on the mic . Need more proof , listen to the old Screw tapes . You must have this cd in your collection and be on the look out for that new Big Pokey coming soon !!!
 This is an amazing blend of hot beats and a good rapper . It 's underground , so many of you might be nervous about buying it . But , I 'll tell you , Pokey sounds a lot like Biggie Smalls -LRB- BIG -RRB- . He has biggie 's style , usin words like sho nuff . Pokey 's lyrics are good , but a few lyrics could use a little work . A few of his songs have complex beats , but most have a little bit of a more simple beat . The album comes together great . Get it ! Trust me ... its worth the money
 That boy Poyo put it down.This is the best album I have heard in a while
 like he said hes the hardest pit in da litter Poyo went to dat yates just like me so you know we got ta put it down fo him
 front track 1 to 17 is so rea
 Thanks for prompt mailing and a product that exceeded my expectations.Thank You
 This CD is amazing . I am very sad that 107.7 The X in Birmingham is no longer . They made a great CD to benefit a great cause .
 This CD arrived in a timely manor and in perfect condition . Just as the seller promised .
 Never trust a reviewer from Allston -- except the one about Retrospectacles . Sinkhole was probably the best pop-punk band to come out of Boston -LRB- and/or New Hampshire , depending on who you asked -RRB- . This has some of the best songs , as well as 7 new songs -LRB- which are just as good as anything they 've ever done -RRB- .
 This is a collection of 12 of the best songs from Sinkhole 's previous discography , and 7 new songs , which is a basically a new CD and greatest hits compilation produced in one package ! Whenever I listen to this , I always think of Jawbreaker -LRB- and coincidentally , the picture of John Clark in the liner notes features him wearing a Jawbreaker shirt -RRB- . Mom 's Rules , one of the new songs , is a favorite . It sounds snotty and is kinda funny . The album is definately worth a purchase , as it is listenable all the way through and always makes me want to get up and move - maybe dance or play an intense game of dodgeball . Forget your JockJams , this is the CD to play .
 The correct title of the CD is `` RetroTesticles '' . Anyhoo , buy this . All members are now in Matchbox 20 .
 Disc One -LRB- 72:17 -RRB- 1 -RRB- If You Still Believe - The Legend of Dragoon Main Theme - 5:572 -RRB- Title 0:273 -RRB- Ruined Celes 2:344 -RRB- World Map 1 1:065 -RRB- Village of Tragedy 1:036 -RRB- Hellaina Prison 1:137 -RRB- Battle 1 1:308 -RRB- Lloyd 's Theme 1:149 -RRB- Dart 's Theme 1:2710 -RRB- Grassy Plains 1:2511 -RRB- Royal Capital 1:3312 -RRB- Uneasy State 1:0613 -RRB- Enemy Attack 1:0914 -RRB- Hokes Village 1:1815 -RRB- City of Commerce , Lohan 1:1816 -RRB- Riding on a Positive Rhythm 0:4817 -RRB- Boss Battle 1 1:2518 -RRB- Imperial Capital Kazas 1:1519 -RRB- World Map 2 1:1720 -RRB- Peace Between Hills 1:4921 -RRB- Meru 's Theme 0:5322 -RRB- Royal Castle 1:2623 -RRB- Shana 's Theme 1:3224 -RRB- Together in Peace with You 1:0225 -RRB- Ghost Ship 1:2626 -RRB- Battle 2 1:3127 -RRB- Sorrow 1:2528 -RRB- World Map 3 1:0829 -RRB- Whispering of the Trees 1:2530 -RRB- Reminiscence 1:0231 -RRB- Crystal Palace 1:3032 -RRB- A Dragon Killed in Action 1:4333 -RRB- Boss Battle 2 1:1634 -RRB- Crystal Palace 1:2235 -RRB- Forbidden Land 1:0736 -RRB- Silver Land 1:2237 -RRB- Jeek 's Theme 1:1938 -RRB- Boss Battle 3 1:5939 -RRB- World Map 4 1:1640 -RRB- Frontier Village 1:1941 -RRB- Twilight of Rose 1:0842 -RRB- Shana 's Anxiety 1:1143 -RRB- Dead City 1:1244 -RRB- Requiem 1:0845 -RRB- Death Frontier 1:2546 -RRB- Last Battle 1 1:4347 -RRB- Last Battle 2 0:2648 -RRB- Last Battle 3 1:3249 -RRB- Last Battle 4 1:4950 -RRB- Ending 2:45
 I think that this soundtrack deserves much recognition . Typically , I 've found that VG music is mediocre , but this is an exception in my opinion . The music is equal or better to some contemporary songs . The only reason I gave it four stars is because it seems to be missing a song . I have played most of the video game and throughout there is a song played whenever the characters are in an ancient Wingly village , such as Ulara . I do n't understand why the producers omitted this song . Please correct me if I 'm wrong since I 'd love to know where this song is -LRB- I 'll correct this review -RRB- . Otherwise , the CD makers put a lot of time and effort into the album.If you like Video Game songs , get this album and you may want to also invest in the Shadow Hearts album .
 If you really enjoyed the game then you will enjoy the soundtrack . It 's not like you can play the sound track like a game but the music is very jovial . It brings back memories from when I played the game . I thought that the soundtrack was wonderful .
 To make a long story short , the music to this RPG is the best I have ever heard !!! The only competition would come from the Final Fantasy series . That being said , it still remains # 1 on my list . For once I was mesmorized by the music as much as the game . If not more so . I must repeat , the music is just beautiful . I just had to order the soundtrack . Anyone who enjoyed the game -LRB- like myself -RRB- ... this is a must have . Your ears will be in for a treat ... I promise !!!
 Legend of Dragoon was one of the best PlayStation games in my opinion , and the msucis is awesome . Great catchy tunes , smooth enough it does n't sound like it came from a video game .
 I was amost completely happy with this soundtrack . What upsets me is that there was on particular track from the game that I loved , and it was because of this track that i payed for this c.d. . It was upsetting to find that this c.d. contained every song from the game except for the one that influenced me to buy it in the first place .
 This soundtrack is amazing . It has all the songs you want to hear most though it does n't have all the songs . I 've played the Legend of Dragoon for a very long time . It 's a great game and you really notice the music once you hear it on the soundtrack . Amazing game and music.I highly recommend it , Logan
 This was Dennis Martin 's first game soundtrack , and I was impressed . I enjoy all the songs , especially the vocal . A lot of people have criticized the game and its music . Well , he 's no Nobuo Uematsu but he does a fantastic job for a first-timer . Even Uematsu did n't become so widely acclaimed with just the Final Fantasy I OST . I was only dissappointed when I saw that some good songs form the game were not in this CD.Regardless , I hope there will be an Legend of Dragoon 2 . Dennis Martin said in one interview that he would gladly work on LOD again . I sure hope so.Here are some songs that were missing : - The chanting song , usually when their talking about the Dragon Campaign . Its a great song , one of the many reasons I got this OST.-The wingly forest song . Another wonderful song.-The Queen fury song . I forgot how it goes but I remember it was pretty good.-There 's a creepy , sudden song in the game -LRB- one of those trademark LOD songs -RRB- , its played several times -LRB- I think it is played when you beat Lenus in the Sun Chamber in Fletz and she flies away -RRB- - The cave song . Techno , not very appealing.-The song played in Vellweb and in a few other places.-The main menu song and the `` sleeping '' song -LRB- both of these are barely memorable -RRB- . - Shirely 's Temple song ; its very serene.-Two songs
 Well the album was awesome . I loved how it would go in sequence to the game . But there were two songs that were missing in the album but that 's cool . Over all if your a band geek like me you 'll love this soundtrack . Dennis Martin did a great job over all .
 I have this still on vinyl ! it 's great to see it out there on CD -LRB- even if its an import -RRB- ! `` Super Strut '' and `` Rhapsody in Blue '' alone are worth it ! One of the `` must haves '' for a collection of '70s jazz . Caan we get the rest of the CTI Catalog back out there ??? Please ?
 ... I have a CD version of the original release on CBS Associated and it kicked in three previously unreleased tracks . These were two original tracks by Eumir Deodato `` Latin Flute '' and `` Venus '' and Deodato 's fabuloso rendition of Steely Dan 's `` Do It Again '' ... but heck , at least `` Deodato II '' it has been rereleased somewhere in all it 's Creed Taylor/Rudy Van Gelder splendor . Deodato 's jazzy versions of `` Rhapsody in Blue '' and `` Nights in White Satin '' were noted to be two of the best fusion performances ever done when this one came out . Listen for licks by Billy Cobham , Stanley Clarke , Tropea on guitar , and Hubert Laws on flute ...
 Eumir Deodato did much to define the CTI sound production values of the early and mid-1970s . On a CD with only 5 tracks , he composed only two , doing arrangements of the Moody Blues ' `` Nights in White Satin '' , Ravel 's `` Pavane for a Dead Princess '' and Gershwin 's `` Rhapsody in Blue '' . He used the bits that suited his taste and style , and left the rest out , perhaps whetting appetites for the real thing . A satisfying set of jazz-pop instrumentals overall .
 Rhapsody in blue is a cool song , i guess . i 'm listening to the song right now for the first time . it 's cool . , e sp driml
 This was the first of a Trilogy of solo recordings by Hine on A&M in the early 80 's . It is also the best . This is a newly remastered recording that sounds fantastic . Two things stand out on this one
 Every single song on this album is amazing . Rupert Hine has a perfect voice for this material , the production is early-80s perfection and the lyrics are disturbing and bleak . A must-own for people that have some taste .
 This is a little change up for me . My hard line musical knowledge could n't fill a thimble . I 'm not an audiophile , I do n't play an instrument , and a decibel sounds too frighteningly like Algebra for me to even look up ! In short I 'm just a normal average guy who knows what he like if not why . Rupert Hine 's Immunity is what I like.If I had to try to sound smart , I might say something like ; Immunity is an emotive , evocative sound scape which leads the listener through a whimsical and pathos infused journey replete with twists and turns , and a myriad of emotions ranging from dark to beautifully melancholy . I Promised I would n't put those words in my review however.If you are a fan of the likes of Peter Gabriel , Thomas Dolby or the like , this album will be right at home on your shelf . That 's right its an album ! That means the whole thing is something intended to be listened to from start to finish , and that is hardly difficult as each song left me wanting to hear what was coming next . By the end I felt as though I had been through something . Its the way an album should leave you . These songs are not meant to be shuffled into an ipod . They are made to be listened to in sequence on a stereo or whatever you have that 's reasonably close.According to what I have read , Rupert Hine has been a prolific and successful producer for most of his career , with notches in his belt to the tune of Tina Turner 's Private Dancer , The Fixxs reach the beach , and Howard Jones 's Human Lib . Those are arguably their best albums , and I think if you hear Immunity you will be able to see Rupert Hine 's masterful production value as a guiding hand in all those albums.This album is the one in question however , and it is a must have as far as I am concerned . Though it has synthesizers in it you would be selling it short to simply call it 80s music . This album is timeless , and its creator an out of time visionary.These are all the things I would say if I knew what I was talking about .
 Solid recording from these TENOR TITANS . Real nice mix of tunes . The maturity and confidence of years of playing together really shine here in 1973 . Jackie Byard , George Duvivier and Mel Lewis are the crack rhythm section complimenting the Tenors . Rod McKuens ' `` Jean '' is a nice surprise with Zoot on Soprano Sax . Al tackles `` Body & Soul '' alone and very nicely . `` Doodle '' & `` Mama Flosie '' really stand out . A well rounded set and highly recommended .
 The playing is up to form and the form for these two is top notch . I agree with the earlier reviewer about the set selection . It is an interesting mix of swing , blues , Brazil , and ballads - all backed by a tasteful , first-rate rhythm section , and showcasing the tenors in five beautiful duets plus an interesting solo from each of them . If you have not yet had the pleasure of hearing Zoot on soprano , you will get a nice taste of his soprano artistry on Jean . The duets are well-complimented and masterful , with the two of them segueing effortlessly back and forth , giving the appearance of a deceptively off-handed musical conversation . I 'm very grateful to have gotten a copy of this album , partly because I 'm not as familiar with Al Cohn except by reputation , and partly because it was such a treat to hear Zoot play in a more intimate setting with old friends . Those of you who are familiar with the album `` Blues Dues '' - true duets featuring Zoot and guitarist Joe Pass - may also sense the difference in the vibe . Blues Dues is beautiful but more formal , whereas the more relaxed , well-acquainted vibe of this album is part of what makes it special for me .
 This is not just some sort of disco a la Francaise . Just before he died during the peak of the disco days , Clo-Clo left the best disco music ever created . Not only does this album burn , but Clo-Clo seems to put all his heart and voice in this timeless recording . `` Magnolias are Forever '' competes with `` Saturday Night Fever '' for a choice party album . Yet , keep in mind that `` Magnolias '' is n't a compilation . Overcome the language and you 'll discover that Clo-Clo was a natural in making some of the best disco . Any discophile needs this album if he really claims to be one . All French people refer to this particular album when remembering the immortal Clo-Clo !
 This live album captures two evenings of music recorded in a studio -LRB- not ballroom as indicated by other reviewer -RRB- in front of a small audience . Like other good live albums , it conveys the feeling from those two nights well . I was there , and while I enjoyed the performances , the album somehow feels even better . In a decade of fabricated bands with computerized instruments and computerized recording sessions , it 's refreshing to hear music which has escaped the cookie cutter . Tony Levin 's -LRB- King Crimson , Peter Gabriel , etc. -RRB- bass booms through on `` Real World . '' John Hall helps on a couple other tunes . And other long-time collaborators play flawlessly . But the highlight is Robbie 's voice . He comes through as strong and distinctive as ever .
 This live album captures two evenings of music recorded in a studio -LRB- not ballroom as indicated by other reviewer -RRB- in front of a small audience . Like other good live albums , it conveys the feeling from those two nights well . I was there , and while I enjoyed the performances , the album somehow feels even better . In a decade of fabricated bands with computerized instruments and computerized recording sessions , it 's refreshing to hear music which has escaped the cookie cutter . Tony Levin 's -LRB- King Crimson , Peter Gabriel , etc. -RRB- bass booms through on `` Real World . '' John Hall helps on a couple other tunes . And other long-time collaborators play flawlessly . But the highlight is Robbie 's voice . He comes through as strong and distinctive as ever .
 The Brooklyn Soul Man strikes again . Robbie and company recorded live bringing back memories of street corner singing and NYC Rock n Soul . Get it if just for `` Brooklyn Girls `` Why does n't Rhino or Sundazed get Robbie 's whole catalog together ? Long over looked Dupree is in `` the house '' . Rock on , Brother !
 I consider myself lucky to possess this Japanese import , containing many of the early remixes of `` 2Wicky '' and `` Inhaler '' , arguably among the best tracks from Hooverphonic 's debut `` A New Stereophonic Sound Spectacular '' . Liesje Sadonius is vocals throughout , with the exception of Geike Arnaert on `` Battersea '' , which is the album version from the later `` Blue Wonder Power Milk '' . In saying that , one can expect the originally smooth , darker , chilled variations of their unique trip-hop , lounge electronica sound.The versions here are excerpts from the single releases of `` 2Wicky '' and `` Inhaler '' , which are , unfortunately , quite rare ... -LRB- I 'd like to get my hands on these ... -RRB- As far as the edits go , `` 2Wicky -LRB- video edit -RRB- '' and `` Inhaler -LRB- radio edit -RRB- '' are basically that , edits of the original album tracks , rather self explanatory.I might go so far as to say that the four re - `` mixes '' are different versions of the album tracks , rather than remixes . Especially as these tracks are not merely rehashing samples from the originals , but are `` live '' recordings , with fresh nuances and very different ideas in both vocals and sound . `` 2Wicky -LRB- DJ Pulse remix -RRB- '' is a smooth , chilled , ambient , drum-and-bass mix , while `` 2Wicky -LRB- Not so extended Hoovering mix -RRB- '' is a hard -LRB- as hard as Hooverphonic gets -RRB- , Hooverphonic-meets-industrial sound , with distortion , heavy beats and vocal effects . `` Inhaler -LRB- drum 'n orch remix -RRB- '' is my personal favourite and some of Hooverphonic 's best . A track seeping with sound and colour , being largely instrumental with the perfect mix of vocal , acoustic and electronic sounds . And last and certainly not least , `` Inhaler -LRB- Mr Brown remix -RRB- '' again is a contrast version from the previous remix , with a metallic tone , beefier sound , and bizarre vocal effects . Truly an experimental version.The only reason I give this CD a 4 star rating , is because `` Battersea '' and the two edits are very similar to the album versions , which some may see as a detriment to its value factor . But ... The remixes on Hooverphonic 's `` Battersea EP '' , very difficult to get a hold of , are a must have for friends of the very smooth , positively-charged , yet dark-chilled , sound of Liesje Sadonius ' vocals and the audio treat of Hooverphonic 's first album .
 This is among the first Ellington CDs I owned , and remains among my favorites . It presents a nice survey of earlier material , with many of his greatest hits as well as some less familiar tunes -LRB- i.e. , ones you do n't find on every collection of early Duke -RRB- . Ivie Anderson 's vocals really shine , especially on `` It Do n't Mean a Thing -LRB- If It Ai n't Got That Swing -RRB- '' . Not every song was destined for greatness , but the lyrics to `` Love is Like a Cigarette '' are a hoot ! The sound is decent considering the age of the recordings .
 Washington DC 's All Good Funk Alliance have been making a strong name for themselves and continue with the their first release of masterfully-creative-and tight production for the cut and funk generation . From the start of the albulm , it is clear that percussion runs deep in the minds of these guys as elements of latin funk , breakbeat , house , and electro combine to creat one of my favorite albulms to come out this year . The underground sounds of DC are evolving and these guys are leading the revolution . ~ MarCalamari
 For modest Dj duo All Good Funk Alliance the name almost says it all . However , I would argue that it is in fact `` all great '' . Their lively little fusion record On The One unexpectedly knocked me on my ass like a nasty spill at the roller disco caused by a lose shoelace . Ouch ! Hip hop and break beats lay the foundation to funky house grooves as heavy as cinder blocks , while ridiculously chill basslines frame out the ultra modern eclectic architecture . Latin influenced panning , percussive textures spice things up even more while an array of synths , filters , Dj cuts and samples elevate the sound to a spacey , stoner friendly tasty treat . Sorta like cosmopolitan astronaut ice cream for the ears . Fans of similar feel-good fusion records from artists like Groove Armada , The Avalanches , Mushroom Jazz and Bullfrog will instantly recognize this weighty release as a must have after one taste . Go ahead take a lick at -LSB- ... -RSB- , where AGFA sling On The One along with some other original albums and remixes released on their own label Funk Weapons International . As if it could n't get any better , turns out all the releases from Funk Weapons are similarly bad ass , at least all the clips that I sampled were . All Good Funk Alliance and Funk Weapons International are dealing some seriously sophisticated , sticky icky sound synthesis that burns the other mid-grade mishmash out there . - Tyler Starkey
 This album is ful of nonstop funk and killer rythyms . Your head will be bopping from start to finish . Great for laid back wine parties , and some serious breakdancing as well . Very pleased with this album and its a constant in my car , mp3 player , and home stereo . Pick it up and enjoy the funk .
 Rah Digga is a great artist and I love both of these songs . But if I were you I 'd get her whole album . But her whole album has the remix of `` Straight Spittin '' insted of the origanal version . Which ever one you get they will both have the song `` Tight '' on them . Rah Digga is a great artist !
 If you love the typical Jersey Shore Rock and Roll sound with a little bit of Blues thrown in this CD is worth it . . I heard Bocci and the Bad Boys play over the summer of '03 and fell in love with them . Their stage performance is fantastic and the lead singer / guitar player has a great sound and he kicks a ** on the guitar . Bocci , the keyboardist and lead singer also has a cool sound ... Kinda on the line of Bruce . You can always go to boccigalupe.com and find out more and hear some song samples . They have a re-release coming out March of '04 and I ca n't wait for it ... Check them out ... it 's worth it !!! A Jersey Girl 4-ever !!!
 1 . Code Red 2 . Anxiety 3 . Next Time Forever 4 . Something for Art 5 . ` Round Midnight 6 . Circles 7 . Face in the Dark 8 . Green
 I followed Joe Farrell 's work from the early days , when he played with John McLaughlin and Chick Corea . This is the album which was recorded after his amazing `` Moon Germs '' , and this `` Outback '' is his Masterpiece . There is no other album like this anywhere . Highly rythmic , flowing , uplifting , magical.Joe Farrell , Chick Corea , Buster Williams , Elvin Jones and Airto Moreira - WHAT A QUINTET !!! Tracks -- Outback - a wonderful , rythmic trip into the outback of Africa . Joe 's outstanding , soaring flute floats above extraordinary work by Chick Corea , Elvin Jones and especially Buster Williams on bass . One of my favourite tunes of all time.Sound Down - a more traditional 60s/70s jazz piece with some Coltrane-ish but controlled work by Joe.Bleeding Orchid - another mind-blowing excursion into `` outback imagery '' - fabulous!November 68th - a hard driving , virtuoso performance by the quintet , with a drum solo by Elvin Jones.All-in-all , if you have a chance to get this album , DO N'T HESITATE !!!
 This album is one in a series made for CTI in the early to mid 70 's , also including `` Moon Germs '' , `` Song of the Wind '' , `` Canned Funk '' , and Penny Arcade '' , and featuring people like Herbie Hancock , John McLaughlin , Joe Beck , Stanley Clarke ... If you ever get your hands on one of these albums , do n't hesitate . This music has a stunning drive , incredible soli -LRB- these guys will probably never forget these studio sessions -RRB- , and is also very melodic . A must take along to that desert island !
 This is one of the few CTI releases that is a must have . Farrell was a wonderful multi-instrumentalist with serious chops on tenor , soprano and flute . This beautiful set features Chick Corea , Buster Williams and Elvin Jones as band mates . A little bit dated in overall sound but a very satisfying date .
 I followed Joe Farrell 's work from the early days , when he played with John McLaughlin and Chick Corea . This is the album which was recorded after his amazing `` Moon Germs '' , and this `` Outback '' is his Masterpiece . There is no other album like this anywhere . Highly rythmic , flowing , uplifting , magical.Joe Farrell , Chick Corea , Buster Williams , Elvin Jones and Airto Moreira - WHAT A QUINTET !!! Tracks -- Outback - a wonderful , rythmic trip into the outback of Africa . Joe 's outstanding , soaring flute floats above extraordinary work by Chick Corea , Elvin Jones and especially Buster Williams on bass . One of my favourite tunes of all time.Sound Down - a more traditional 60s/70s jazz piece with some Coltrane-ish but controlled work by Joe.Bleeding Orchid - another mind-blowing excursion into `` outback imagery '' - fabulous!November 68th - a hard driving , virtuoso performance by the quintet , with a drum solo by Elvin Jones.All-in-all , if you have a chance to get this album , DO N'T HESITATE !!!
 Three musicians out of five on this effort formed Return to Forever , so you can imagine a strong resemblance to the ECM first album . I always loved Corea with Farrell , because of the pulsing sound Chick adds behind Joe 's flutes , sax , etc. , like rain drops or storming . Nice soprano . And ELVIN JONES ! I put this up up around the `` Joe Farrell Quartet '' album , and Buster William 's bass is great , so much I do n't miss Mclaughlin or Dave Holland . A fresh sound , unparreled even now . It makes me want to see the Outback movie . The album cover is beautiful . Finally , the price is outstanding . Before Joe tried funky disco sounds and lost his way .
 Our 17-month-old loves trains and Thomas . He and his 4-year-old sister both enjoyed this movie.Here are the stories included on this 37-minute DVD : Thomas , Percy & the DragonDonald & DouglasThe DeputationTime for TroubleA Scarf for PercyThe DiseaselEdward 's Exploits
 I gave this rare item as a gift to a Thomas & Friends fanatic ! Eyes lit up and mouth dropped as soon as he realized it was the Chinese dragon ! Thank you !
 Percy And The DragonOut in Augest06Storyteller
 My little Thomas fan loves any of the Thomas DVD 's , no matter how many times he watches them . They are his favorite and I do n't think that will change for a very long time . Thomas provides great life lessons like sharing , caring , and friendship . They get a thumbs up from me as well !
 The first part of this cd -LRB- Songs for children of all ages -RRB- is quite different from Robin 's other work in its atmosphere - much more light-hearted and carefree , which is n't really a surprise given its title . Its second part consists of `` Winter 's turning '' which can be bought separately - I recommend you to buy this double package instead!What we find are a lot of traditional tunes combined with a few of Robin 's own songs -LRB- `` Witches Hat '' and `` The water song '' , both featured in a different version on `` The hangman 's beautiful daughter '' -RRB- . What is most striking about the chosen songs is the element of humour and absurdity , and it works very well . Only the `` Gartan Lullaby '' is more serious & mystical and it is , of course , a fitting end to a `` children of all ages '' record . `` Winter 's turning '' follows , and although I never was very fond of it -LRB- I 'm finding a great lack of warmth and very little personality -RRB- it somehow sounds better combined with `` Songs for children ... '' than on its own - maybe because the two parts have a similar sound . The first part kind of prepares you for what follows , I guess.Although I 'm not too fond of Robin 's mid-eighties period in terms of sound & instruments used this is a very nice collection of the absurd & humorous - I 'll leave you with a quote from one of the songs : `` Brian O'Linn had no watch to put onSo he got him a turnip to make him a oneHe put a wee cricket in under the skin `` Sure they 'll think it is ticking '' , said Brian O'Linn
 Sheep under Snow is just one marvelous example of this fabulous recording . Perfect for hopeless romantics , Celtic music lovers , holiday music with an echo of ancient mystique . Bravo !
 I just love this collection . Williamson 's skills as a songster and story-teller are expertly applied to a selection of engaging and familiar songs , as old as the hills yet as refreshing as summer rain . My children were brought on these songs ; I hope that my grandchildren will be too .
 mr. holmes was one of the masters of the hammond b-3 as this set attests . he melded the blues and jazz together in an endlessly swinging atmosphere , one that ca n't help but make you get off your seat and shake your behind ! this album captures him in full roar toward the end of his life in 1988 . `` blues all day long '' gets things off to a great start , setting the tone for the entire date . this is a soulful blues , best heard late in the evening when things are settling into a pleasant groove . `` killer joe '' shows mr. holmes could also handle funk/r-n-b . finally , `` groove 's groove '' reveals just how much swing an organ can have . mr. holmes may never have gotten as much recognition as other b-3 masters like jimmy smith , jack mcduff , lonnie liston smith , or even shirley scott , but he certainly belongs in their ranks . if you can find them , his recordings for the pacific jazz label are also worth finding .
 This CD marks the return of Andy Williams ; the tenor with the milk and honey vocals . His image is given a modern makeover thanks in part to the presence of Denise Van Outen.This is a CD that all should consider .
 Chicago star Denise Van Outen kix ... on this like she does on everything else ! Denise is GOD !
 With driving beats , this instrumental compilation lends a rave club feel with a touch of electronica . Love it .
 Being a huge Aspects of Love fan , I was extremely excited to find another cast recording . I was sceptical however , after reading reviews for this recording . After listening to it , all of my fears were put aside . This is a wonderful recording that possesses both brisk conducting and deep emotion from its musical director . I felt that the cast was extremely dramatic and that the piece was very well sung . Having listened to several other ALW cast recordings I feel that this cast was excellent . A must have for all Aspects of Love devotees !
 good album , last way more in depth review was erased , melodic death with insane whammy bar solos , drumming very fast and damn good . bass doesnt stand out too much but it definitely has an impact . and this vocalist , is the only guy doing death vox i can understand w/o the lyrics being in front of me , fans of at the gates -LRB- slaughter of the soul -RRB- dark tranquillity -LRB- gallery , minds i -RRB- should check this band out . samples at their site http://detonation.wingsofdeath.nu/ this has become an in depth review ha !
 Once in a while , an album comes along that completely just leaves you in shock at its brilliance , and an Epic Defiance by Detonation is such an album . This little known band from Holland will almost definately be household names following this master opus . I heard them first when my band -LRB- My Remorse , from Ireland -RRB- played with them in the UK . In a live setting they pulled off every song effortlessly.The Cd itself is impeckable . The first track opens with feedback and leads with lots of chorus and delay and just explodes into track two and the metal onslaught begins . To detail each song would require an essay , but let me say this . In my opinion this is the best collection of musicians ive heard in a long time and would certainly be appreciated by musicians who love tecnical proficiency and the avid metal listener alike . There is glorious dual guitar melodies all over this album , incredible sweeping and tapping solos and complex rhythmic structures . The drummer however is in a league of his own , without overusing the double bass , he shows that hes one of the fastest and one of the best in the world , and i do not say that lightly.In short , it is a must have for any metal fan , thrash/death/melodic , it has it all.if you like At The Gates , The Haunted , Dark Tranquility , Metallica , Iron Maiden -LRB- except much heavier vocals -RRB- then you will love this .
 St. Louis rapper Nelly hits the airwaves with the first single from his new album `` Nellyville . '' The song is very catchy and was one of the summer of 2002 's biggest hits . Not many rap artists can produce catchy songs due to the high level of un-originality that market has -LRB- e.g. , sampling Broadway musicals , Duran Duran songs , etc. . -RRB- but Nelly has proven that with this song that not only can he get his groove on , but that he can produce a single with high potential for market crossover success . Regardless of his feud with other old-school rap artists such as KRS-1 , Nelly 's appeal lies in his ability to adapt to the times , something that many rappers have not been able to do . Only a handful artists such as Busta Rhymes , Queen Latifah , and Ice Cube have mastered the art of keeping with rap 's evolution , and so far Nelly has . Overall , `` Hot in Here '' is a great summer anthem sure to keep anyone moving . Regardless of the song 's critics it remains one of 2002 's best jams .
 I rate this CD with five stars . I think Nelly really worked hard on this Cd rather then Country Grammer since it was his first album he did n't really have to throw all on his fans . Nellyville is getting rave reviews all over the country his single Hot in Heere was at number one for 2 weeks straight . His next single Dillema I think will be at number 1 next because myself and everyone else just absolutley loves that song I think it is so beautiful he just really outdid himself on this album Good work ! Nelly you did a beautiful ! ...
 A very unusual recording
 I would just like to point out that the reviewer `` S. Hogan '' from Burbank CA who gave this CD one star and went on to write a degrading review of the album and band has several other thought provoking reviews that are a must read . How about the 5 stars he gave the new Silverchair cd ? Thats right Silverchair . They still make music you ask ? Apparently so . What about the 5 stars he gave the movie Scrooge on DVD ? Wow this guy must be truly in touch with progressive/art rock . Cant wait to hear him review the new Tool cd whenever it finally comes out . Well anyway , this is a great band . Also dont miss them live . They are one of the few bands who sound even better live.Catch Without Arms is their most radio friendly structured album and you ca n't blame them for that because you have to make money at some point . Street cred only goes so far to paying the bills . El Cielo and Leitmotif are works of art . All three are unique and become more enjoyable after multiple listens . Im glad `` S. Hogan '' gave it one listen and went on to jam his Silverchair cd and watch Scrooge . Dredg wouldnt be quite so cool if every moron in town was driving around town windows down blasting Leitmotif .
 This is one of my favorite CDs I have ever purchased . I heard Bug Eyes and bought and I am so glad I did this . Here is my song by song review :1 . Ode To The Sun -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Amazing heavy opener with excellent guitar .2 . Bug Eyes -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Hit song but is still amazing because no radio overplay .3 . Catch Without Arms -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- Decent song with a cool chorus .4 . Not That Simple -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- Not a stand-out but still a pretty good song to listen to as a filler .5 . Zebraskin -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Awesome song that sounds very original and different from their other songs .6 . The Tanbark is Hot Lava -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- Another filler type of song but is a good song with a name I completely do n't understand .7 . Sang Real -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- Best song on the album ... I believe this is their second hit because I heard it played in a Virgin Megastore . Just give this one a listen it is unbelievable .8 . Planting Seeds -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Awesome song with a great chorus .9 . Spitshine -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- OK song but nothing special .10 . Jamais Vu -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Very melodic song that I absolutely love .11 . Hungover On A Tuesday -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- One of the heavier songs on the album which is refreshing .12 . Matroshka -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Great last song . . softer song .
 I like it . Not the best things i 've come across or the worst . To me it sounds like a mix of the two previous albums . The melodic vocals and interesting arrangements of El Cielo mixed w / the some of the heavier sounds of Leitmotif . Some of the songs are radio friendly but I would n't say that the album , as a whole , is what some of these `` long-time fans '' are making it out to be . It 's definately worth picking up , especially at such a low price .
 Every album by this diverse group has been one of great composure . This album has Alternative roots with an unnamed genre , because of it 's originality , and can stimulate all of the emotions humanly possible . Greatest band with the recognition equal to walking by a poor man . Easily judged , but a story only he can tell . You just have to listen .
 I found out about Dredg from a friend in Hawaii a few years ago . They were featured on a Flo promo dvd that he sent me and l must have listened to `` Bug Eyes '' a hundred times before I finally went online and bought the CD a couple months back . Cant believe I waited for years to get it but I am so happy I did . You will too so buy it and buy 1 for a friend they will love you for it .
 Let me just say first that El Cielo is one of my desert-island albums . The soaring melodies , the heart-melting vocals , the passion ... This album feels more commercial to me . I still like it a lot , but the magic that made me fall for El Cielo is n't really here anymore , though I 'm glad it won the band many more fans . I will say though that this one feels a bit more focused than El Cielo - the band has matured a little bit , but I guess I just found the first one more passionate , whereas this one is more professional .
 Catch Without Arms , 3rd album from Dredg . The sound of this album is NOTHING like the albums before it . Which is frustrating because Dredg is one of those bands that I swear is the absolute HARDEST to categorize ! And that 's within the songs of a single album ! It does n't help that each album is completely different from the one before.Anyways ... this particular CD is the one . The one that is to be used to draw in fans from a wider area . While the album has more of an accessible and mainstream sound in comparison to the others , it DOES NOT make the band mainstream ! There is a nice balance of sounds in this album . There is catchy pop sound , heavy table-top guitar sound , smooth bass , even some reggae sounding riffs & bass . Excellent drums once again from the amazing Dino Campanella.Once this album `` Hooks 'em '' , hence the title of the review , they can move on to El Cielo and then Leitmotif , rounding it off finally with their new release `` The Pariah , The Parrot , The Delusion '' which I feel will mainly be appreciated by seasoned Dredg fans who love aspects of the 3 previous albums.Key Songs
 First of all , I saw the review by `` Tyley Mike `` Relite '' '' and thought he was grossly overcritical of EVERYTHING and every instrument played ... so I 'd like to hear Tyley Mike 's album , since he thinks he can do better :-RRB- -- seriously ! I think some people do n't understand that things sound the way they were MEANT to sound , if they sound poppy , they made it that way , why the hell should they stick to the norm ? They want to do something different and in my opinion it sounds great.I ca n't write a good enough review for this album , all their albums actually , as they are all a masterpiece of their own while still being different enough to keep it interesting . It bugs me when a group does n't evolve or try new things and stays exactly the same as they ever were , all the time , so I was glad to see them progress and `` grow '' . There 's too much to say to describe this album , but frankly I do n't think I could write a good enough review to do it justice , so I 'll just give it my 5 stars : -RRB-
 Dredg has now gone a step closer to greatness . The album is perfect . It combines the faster paces of Leitmotif with the great voice of El Cielo . Keep listening to it over and over again and you will see so too .
 I have been listening to Dredg since the mid 90 's . I first heard their music on a underground BMX video my friends got and i loved their music . Their sound at the time was alot different from what it is now . It was pretty hard core and dredg fans would not recognize Gavin 's voice , but with every cd i acquired from them they progressed their sound -LRB- Unreleased songs-Orph-Letmotif-El Cielo-Catch without arms -RRB- . As i matured from a 15 year old Bmx punk to where i am now dredg has made the trip with me . Their music has inspired me beyond my wildest expectations . Their lyrics and sound is something to be admired by all.I do agree with the people on here that El Cielo is the best CD released by dredg , but this in no way tears down `` Catch without Arms '' . This CD is nothing short of amazing as well . I ca n't say enough about the guts that dredg has in sticking to their experimental sound and trying out new things . They are never happy with the same old sound.Some people think that they are selling out to go towards the mainstream ; i personally do n't believe it . They do sound more catchy , but there is still all of the same ingredients that make dredg what they are . Their lyrics are still as profound as their older Cd 's and the band backing up Gavin is still as creative as they have ever been.I have been blessed to see dredg perform live many times and i agree with the people on this review when they are the best band to see live . I watched them in Santa Cruz two days before the release of `` Catch Without Arms '' and they played an hour and a half set with all the best old and new songs . I will not be forgetting that night anytime soon.Anyways i ca n't get into the musicianship of their music due to me not being a musician , but as a selective music listner dredg is the best band out there right now . I hope their music will touch others as it has for me .
 Have read some of the reviews on here and have been shaking my head , it never ceases to amaze me how blinkered some people are about music!Dredg is a band I heard about a few years ago , I picked up a copy of ` Leitmotif ' and was reasonably impressed , a couple of the songs really blew me away but generally I just thought it was an average to good album - but promised a lot of potential . Then ` El Cielo ' came out and it totally blew me away . I have over 500 albums now and would have to place ` El Cielo ' in my top ten everytime - it is a simply stunning album that words ca n't do justice to , so I wo n't attempt!Now we have ` Catch without Arms ' the much antipated 3rd album , and having listened to it several times now I think it is an excellent balance between the harder edged ` Leitmotif ' and the epic ` El Cielo ' - Dredg are easily some of the most talented musicians in this genre and this album further proves it.Anyone who is new to Dredg I would always recommend buying ` El Cielo ' first , because if you do n't like that album then you wo n't like any of the others , but ` Catch without Arms ' is a very good album and one that I think will get better with every listen - so with that I am going to recharge my Ipod and listen to the beauty of Dredg for the rest of the evening ... enjoy !
 Forget what you are reading about this not being a great CD . This is an Amazing follow up CD . How can you expect this band to top El Cielo ? It 's probably never going to happen , but if you enjoy the Dredg ` sound ' , you will love this CD on the first listen . You either love or hate these guys or your the other 99 % of ` non-music savvy ' people who have never heard of them and you can go on listening to Top 40 forever !!
 before i begin i want those that read these reviews to realize one thing
 First of all , to those who say that the band has compromised their art , sold out , made a record to make money , etc
 I loved dredg 's second album because the musical arrangments and seamless production value were something I had n't heard since ` The Fragile ' . ` El Cielo ' and ` Catch Without Arms ' are two different CDs . If you listen to CWA while comparing it to ` El Cielo ' you will be disapointed , I was . But the second listen , I just took the CD by itself and not as an extention of the second album and I enjoyed it much more.Honestly , this is not quite what I expected and OBVIOUSLY , I do n't want a band to recreate the same music album to album -LRB- I have not purchased x & Y ;-RRB- . This is very similar to the sound change NIN took from ` The Fragile ' to ` With Teeth ' -LRB- both of which I highly enjoy -RRB- . Lyrically , CWA is far superior to ` El Cielo ' . That was really the only thing stopping ` El Cielo ' from being near perfect . Dredge has definately gotten better lyrically on this CD and they have gone for a little heavier sound on more songs . This CD does n't have nearly as many of the wonderful instrumentals on ` El Cielo ' , but the songs are good because the lyrics are so much better.Overall , I give this CD a definate buy tag . Because despite it failing my great expectations of maybe being like the next Sgt. Peppers or something , dredg has put out a very good album with a new sound that is a nice contrast to ` El Cielo ' . One that I enjoy more and more with each listen . -LRB- By the way
 First of all this is a great masterpiece created by Dredg adding it to the other 2 masterpieces they have already painted and i personally think it is just as good as EL CIELO and I firmly stand by that opinion after listening to it a few times through ... but all you other fans need to stop saying that its different than EL CIELO ... well umm i would hope no band would try to create the same album twice , b/c that would be boring ... and it is totally acceptable for Dredg to progress and come out with a fine new album like they have here ... so stop complaing and wanting the same album type/genre and just listen to the music they have to offer us
 `` Catch Without Arms '' is very well written , crafted , and produced , minus all the B.S. tracks -LRB- like the Brushstrokes on `` El Cielo '' -RRB- . This album is without a doubt the best music that Dredg has created to date . I 've read some other reviews for this album and see that some idiots have totally slammed it because they heard it could be compared to Tool or Mars Volta . Let me make it clear that this album separates Dredg from all other bands . I thought they had a very Incubus-type sound on `` Leitmotif '' , but this third release has given them a sound of all their own . Anyone who does n't love this CD is smiply not a fan of good music . Bottom line .
 i 'm a huge dredg fan and this album just blew me . a must if you liked their progression from leitmotif to el cielo , well this is the next logical step and it is amazing for me it 's a new modern classic .
 Dredg 's CDs read like a story . Whereas El Cielo , dredg 's first album released through interscope , was about sleep paralysis , this album is about a near death experience . That said , this album is notably more `` consumer friendly '' than the previous album -- there are more radio friendly songs -- but that is not to say that the album conveys any less meaning than did el cielo . I personally prefer this album to El Cielo primarily because I can listen to this CD no matter my mood . Dredg maintains their complex sound structure and their ... cryptic lyrics , I 'll say.The standouts on this album are definately Bug Eyes , Catch Without Arms , Zebraskin , Tanbark , Planting Seeds , and the brilliant concluding song , Matroshka . This CD is excellent for those wanting to `` get into '' the band without taking a leap of faith . i 'd recommend it to anyone that wants to listen to a smarter breed of music .
 The first song I 've heard of this album was of course the single , Bug Eyes . I said : '' That 's bad , they are now making popular mainstream music ! '' Because it 's one of my favorite band I had to pick up their album and give it a try ... I finally bought the album a month ago -LRB- I wanted it but it was really hard to find . People at the music stores never knew what I was talking about . dredg ?? What is that band ? -LRB- So dredg is mainstream ? No , it is still underground and hard-to-find music . -RRB- Finally I found it at an HMV store and they were this guy selling it to me with a smile '' This is such an excellent album '' -RRB- First listening to the whole album
 First of all i 'd like to say that the band members have created something special for today 's listening that its inevitable that Dredg is gon na grow bigger by the month to the point of super stardom . Not to brag but to only present my own perspective on the band , its been incredible to watch Dredg grow over the years since their Orph EP as im from Los Gatos , CA and went to the same high school they did . At this point of Catch Without Arms , it gives me the feeling that Dredg can be on their way without running into problems as long as they continue serinating America and the rest of the world with their unique sound of rock . In my opinion , this particular album is their best one . It has beutiful songs like Bug Eyes , Planting Seeds and Not That Simple . Catch Without Arms is their breakthrough album . Its a must buy for anyone that appreciates beautiful rock .
 I will admit that I never listened to any Dredg before this cd came out but now I am hooked on it . I love this cd and all of their other music . These guys are awesome !!
 Catch Without Arms is like a debut album . Only on a debut album do we get to hear tracks that contain such lossless heart . The vocalist , Gavin Hayes , gives more heart to this album that I can judge or ponder upon . There was a time I used to listen to some tracks from El Cielo but at that point in time his vocals werent as effective as they are today.When the album starts one is treated to an absolute shout called `` Ode To The Sun '' I havent figured out the meaning behind the song as of yet but it 's refreshing to say the least . Musically , track2 , `` Bug Eyes '' is the strongest track on this disc . Its when the whole band gives it a shot . Title Track , Catch Without Arms , is a hands down favourite . Zebra Skin showcases a wild side of Hayes . It 's not your normal hard-rock song , it flirts into a certain wavey pop flavoured sound of it 's own but the guitars throughout are atleast a superb effort -LSB- Mark Engles -RSB- . Dredg have become progressive in their sound . Metal ? I do n't know . Definitely not art-rock since bands of much , much inferior sound are tagged in there -LRB- Taproot ? Yikes ! Horrid sound -RRB- . `` Not That Simple '' reminds me of a waterfall like sound -LRB- esp . the chorus -RRB- , `` Sang Real '' is one of the best tracks on the disc with piano that will make you raise your left eyebrow -LRB- i.e of course if you can do it -RRB- , `` Planting Seeds '' Although I dont listen to this track very often , I know it has enough potential to be one of the best tracks on the disc . Lyrics , `` Look What I have found , I am good at planting my own seeds ... '' Average lyrics on this song sung with some josh.I hate `` Hungover On Tuesday '' Best track on the disc , `` Bug Eyes `` This album is better than Chevelle 's last album . If you 're looking for something more mainstream and easy on your ears , then go check out the new Default album too .
 This album is a breath of fresh air , more melodic tones , great lyrics and a soft spoken ora about it.alot of bans tend tostay away from there true feelings but the lead singer poises to tell everyone how he feels.maybe you can say they felt alot of emotions writing this album it is truly a masterpiece , yeah there first two albums were poorly mixed but this album surely makes up for that.i just love this album its in my top 5 this year.the best songs are :1 . bug eyes2.not that simple3.caught without arms4.planting seedsoverall i give this album a 5/5 perfecto masterpiece5/5 for production5/5 for lyrics5/5 for musical pace5/5 for making me a fan
 I own all three of Dredg 's CDs and have seen them live in concert . This was my favorite of the three for awhile but I realized I enjoyed the relaxation of El Cielo more and it now owns 1st place . However I still feel this CD is the most complete , and well rounded . This is one of those albums you can play through although highlights are : Ode to the SunBug EyesTanbarkSang RealPlanting SeedsSpitshineJamais Vu and Hungover on a Tuesday are awesome tooThe only song I did n't love was Zebraskin , I found it too Jamirouqui sounding for my taste .
 The only thing wrong with this cd is the lack of `` brushstrokes '' / `` movements '' . It 's a lot more straight forward as far as songs go . It sounds kinda more indie rock-ish . I bought this cd and I met the band because of it ! Woot !
 I bought the album for the Bug Eyes song . I was blown away by the first track Ode to the Sun and it became by favorite instantly.The third and fourth songs are good , but lost my interest when compared to the intensity of the first two tracks . I replayed the first two tracks over and over , never venturing beyond the fourth.A few days later , I listened all the way through . The end of fourth track has an annoying , off key little girl at the end singing for about 15 seconds . I soon realized this was strategicly placed to get your attention for what was to happen . With the track Zebraskin , the album transforms into an artful composition reminding me of Porcupine Tree.wonderful ! The second half of the album is a fantasy of personal reflections , with a base line to keep you tethered lightly to the ground .
 Simply one of the better bands around today . Do yourself a favor and pick any of their music . I 'm sure you 'll find it a pleasant surprise .
 First i want to say that the CD is awesome . I have read some of the reviews on here and they make me laugh . People that have been listening to Dredg for two years and act like they know everything about the band . I have been listening to Dredg since 1996 when they were just starting out . They went to school not too far from where i live . I have every piece of music they have recorded and leaked out to the public . Dredg has come along way from their first songs and it keeps getting better . If you could listen to them from the begining you would see that they have matured . They are experimental and try new sounds . They do n't just stick with one sound because it sounds good . Every Cd they have made is a little different from the one before . I also believe understanding the lyrics is a big part of understanding Dredg 's motivations.I guess everyone has a right to thier opinion , but i ca n't help but laugh when people think they know the band just because they have been listening for a couple years .
 Please do not categorize this band as they will elude any classification you attempt . That 's the essence and beauty of music that 's carefully woven and passionately performed.Dredg is an anomale and I pray they stay true to their pursuit and void all `` commercial '' temptations lured by record execs a.k.a. SATAN . Stay the course guys ... ! OH YEAH I FORGOT , BUY ALL THEIR CD 'S AND DO WHAT MOST PEOPLE DO N'T DO ANYMORE ... REALLY LISTEN AND IMAGINE .
 To be honest I have just deleted my previous review of this album that I put up the other day . The reason why is that after having listened to the entire `` Catch Without Arms '' albums 8-10 times I can now give it a more just review . I had previously gave it a 5 star rating , I believe that was a little premature . El Cielo is in my top 3 albums of all time . That is really high being that I study music and listen to hundreds of bands and have thousands of CD 's . I believe I had wanted this album to be so good that I would have said it was good even if it was n't . But before you say anything this is a good album in general . But with that said I just popped in El Cielo again today and really compared the two . And to be honest it really is a much better album . The musical talent that was in El Ceilo is rarely seen in Catch without arms . The vocals has also gone downhill . I really think that Interscope has really tried to influence the direction that Dredg is going . They are trying to influence them to make mainstream music , and we all know that most mainstream music is crap and is competely lacking musical talent.Dredg made El Cielo the way that they wanted to . They put there musical talents to work and made a album that they wanted to make . That is what made it perfect . I really believe that Dredg can be an underground dynasty if they do n't sell out and do n't let producers influence them.I hope that there next album goes in another direction . A direction that El Cielo started and they keep progressing .
 This album is everything one should be . This band is everything a band should be . It 's real , it 's honest , and it has been done with care and intelligence . Give them a chance and trust me , they 'll change your perspective about music forever . After you get this , I gaurentee your music intelligence will be increased infinately . No matter what it is you are listening to right now , this is better . It 's music done according to the artist 's standards , their views , and their love for creating something wonderful . And if you happen to go ahead and take a chance by getting this and NOT like it , I feel really , really , really bad for you . Your are obviously not human . 5 stars hands down , and one of if not the best album of the year . These guys know music more than anyone else making music . I guess I would have to describe their music as something surreal . You really ca n't put it into words ... if you try to you 'll just confuse yourself . It 's something that just has to be listened to . And yes , Interscope lets them have freedom with what they want to make . It really does show . Cheers .
 okay you over-critical people . why do n't you go out and write your own music as good as this if you 're so talented and know what 's `` good '' and what 's not . I believe this album in some ways is probably the strongest Dredg album to date because it will reach the most listeners , and not in a bad `` selling out '' way . It 's simply just more accessible , and it is still Dredg we all , well , at least that I love . It is a yet again evolved , grown-up Dredg . Songs like `` Sang Real '' just send shivers up and down my spine everytime i listen . EVERY time , now that 's good songwriting . So . Do n't listen to all these bad reviews . You have to take each Dredg album individually , they are each thier own masterpiece of artwork and should be enjoyed . Do n't take this band 's music , new and old , for granted , it is all brilliant .
 Dredg 's first two albums were a marvel to the rock world . The albums take you to places never before explored . The albums seem to blend into a long story . A personal story . Catch Without Arms is NOT the same . It is more of a traditional rock cd . ALL of the songs on the new album blows away anything I 've heard.The guitars are simply amazing . Who would have thought of combining a hard distortion while playing the exact same thing in a echoey clean sound at the same time ? This is n't your average FALLOUT BOY garbage . This has talent.The vocals are amazing . Who needs American Idol when you have Dredg ? The lyrics are well written and imaginative.Dredg has changed its style indeed , but not its quality . They 've taken their music to a whole new level which I would HIGHLY recommend to anybody.Their live shows are spectacular . I 've been to many many concerts . Ranging from NIN , Korn , Deftones , etc. . I 've never heard anybody better live . Dredg live is better than their albums . Thats a first in the rock world.Buy the album . Best money you 'll spend .
 Right now dredg is my favorite band . I absolutely think Catch Without Arms is one of the best albums of all time , I can listen to this over and over and have been . I like this album better than El Cielo . I can 1-repeat Zebraskin all day , that song can transport you out of a funk any day !
 This album is what brought me into the world of Dredg . Dredg is an amazing band that seems yet to be heard by the mainstream . This band is extremely talented and creative , some qualities that most mainstream music lacks . They create live performances that perfectly mimic the sound from their studio albums.What drew me into this music is the unique guitar usage . The lead singer uses a laydown guitar and thrases the guitar in a tremelo fashion while using a metal tool as a bar . I apoligize if I do not have the right knowledge on this subject , but whatever the method is it 's wicked ! I can only describe it as a Mars Volta sound with less confusion and a sense of structure.Catch Without Arms is one of my favorites of all time . You might as well pick it up while it 's 8 dollars . I love every song on this album , save `` Matroshka . '' Preview all the rest of the songs . They 're all great durable songs . I bought this album a couple years ago , and I still listen to it over and over again . They never expire.I may sound like a salesman , but I really wish a lot more people would take the time to preview and perhaps pick up a record by Dredg . I feel bad for everyone that they 're missing out on such an awesome band . If you 're reading this at least preview these songs on Amazon . This could be that album that you 're waiting to fall in love with . It promotes inspiration .
 Great album . Nothing else to say!Great lyrics too . Check it out ! ___ Let the demons have their place , if so it 's angels you 'll create . And disguised within the dark light will wait . -LRB- ode to the sun -RRB- Only those who accept will find that acceptance in return . We have been trimmed down like hedges , told just to sit , and wilt and spit at each other from a distance . -LRB- bug eyes -RRB- Forgiveness came we embrace the key , found water to douse the flame . We ended our difference of soul and brain , forever we are changed . -LRB- planting seeds -RRB- I harmonize with a million screaming laughs that haunted those before us , preaching symphonies while the chorus yelled
 ... i had never heard Fair to Midland before hearing this music but cant help making comparisons . It is still wonderful music and Ill explore it further ...
 Amazing , simply . Ode to the Sun , Bug Eyes , etc , every song makes ya feel like a million bucks . My favorite band has produced an amazing album here .
 I first discovered dredg while sampling music at Barnes & Noble in the late summer of 2005 . After listening to samples of Incubus , Linkin Park , and Muse , I clicked `` similiar artists '' and dredg came up . I liked their sort 've alt-prog sound and tagged them as a band to watch for . A couple weeks later , I came across a used -LRB- still sealed -RRB- copy of Catch Without Arms at an L.A. record store for only $ 3.99 and snatched it up.For whatever reason , the CD sat on my desk , unopened for nearly two months . In late October , I suddenly had the urge to rip open the plastic and give a listen , hungry for some new music . I immediately liked it , although a lot of the songs sounded a little samey to me . As other reviewers have mentioned , `` Bug Eyes '' stood out from the rest . I played the album intermittedly over the next few weeks , `` Bug Eyes '' at least making it onto my perennial `` Best of the Year '' self-made compilation CD-R . Fast forward four more months , and one of my co-workers mentions dredg . `` You 've also heard of them ? , '' I asked . I thought maybe I was the only one . I then borrow from him CD-Rs of El Cielo and Leitmotif , amazed that these albums were even more classicly `` progressive . '' Being a big fan of prog -LRB- especially bands such as Yes and Rush -RRB- , I was taken by surprise by the band 's unabashed use of long , droning soundscapes , odd effects , and conceptual , story-like pieces that formed complete , album-length `` songs . '' I had a new viewpoint on dredg , and this required I give them more attention.Over the course of a few weeks , I was well and truly hooked , and they became one of my favorite groups . Catch Without Arms was the release I felt most at home with , being a fan of more melodic , catchy , short pieces of music . I 've never had any problem with an obvious artistic , progressive band sounding slightly more mainstream . That is how fans are typically garnered . Song by song , the album grew on me.With this CD , dredg has created a near-masterpiece . Although each song has the ability to stand on its own , the album still has that seamless , flowing quality that fans of El Cielo will be familiar with . Odd snippets of dialogue , laughter , and children 's singing will bridge one song with the next . The album does have a concept , although it is a bit more loose and subtle than on their previous two records ; it deals with communication , opposing viewpoints , and symbiosis . Upon closer inspection to the lyrics , one will see references between songs . First single `` Bug Eyes '' has the lyric `` Spit at eachother from a distance '' , while `` Spitshine '' has another side to these words . Powerful album-opener `` Ode To The Sun '' makes metaphorical and literal references to the sun , while the song `` Planting Seeds '' talks about nurturing and wanting something to grow , an obvious link between the two pieces . `` Zebraskin '' would be the perfect soundtrack to someone on a tropical island , walking in the hot sun after having too much to drink , while `` Hungover On A Tuesday '' seems to be the match-up here . At other times only the music will provide a link ; the opening strains of `` Ode To The Sun '' later appear in a rearranged , backwards form in `` Jamais Vu . `` Musically , Catch Without Arms is without error . Mark 's guitars wail , moan , and cry one minute , and stand back with reflective walls of sound the next . The bass guitar -LRB- courtesy of Drew Roulette -RRB- will pound you over the head on one song , and be a subtle , groove-like undercurrent for another . Dino 's drumming is n't mixed quite as well as it was on El Cielo , but it fits this particular album nicely , his piano and keyboard sections also standing out . Gavin Hayes ' vocals really shine here , soaring with emotion and beauty , and beautiful restraint and subtlety when required.I ca n't recommend this band , and this album , anymore than I can . What began as an innocent musical curiosity with few plays became my most-played CD of 2006 , listened to literally hundreds of times ; sometimes more than twice daily . The only reason I give it four stars is because a couple of songs are n't quite as engaging as others , but this is purely subjective , and in no way reflects a lack of creativity or overall satisfaction.Dredg should be going far . I get this sense that they 're just on the razor 's edge of mainstream success . Catch Without Arms might just be that one last fans-only , cult classic release.A-Key tracks
 This is a great album but it 's not quite the Dredg I 've grown to love . There is n't a single jam on this album , which is unfortunate . Every track is just a straight forward song like every other radio band . Yes , they 've also seemed to head more the the lime light with a more radio friendly format . If you listen to this album in it 's entirety though , you will hear Gavin singing about why this is so . That all aside ... this is a great album . My only let down was the complete lack of musical jams . Every song is Dredg and at there best . They are memorable songs with great riffs , great bass lines and great drums . If you enjoyed the last two albums you 'll enjoy this one for sure . -LRB- maybe just not quite as much at first -RRB-
 i first heard of dredg shortly after their first album , leitmotif was released . it drew numerous comparisons to tool , but i dismissed the band as being the latest heir to the throne of nu-metal . very unfortunate . i would be re-introduced to the band in late 2005 , as they did a short stint with coheed & cambria ; , mewithoutYou , and the blood brothers . i bought the tickets cuz i was a coheed fan , but wanted to familiarize myself with the other bands on the ticket.i went into the show knowing two or three of their songs , and i was absolutely blown away by their performance . it was a true delight to have been in their presence . it is now some 8 months later , i own all their albums , and saw them again at avalon in april . truly a magnificent band in every sense of the word.now ; this album . Dredg have streamlined their sound -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- and their compositions are far tighter , more concise and melodic . boy are they melodic . gone are the extended passages and background sounds/effects meant to induce a mood . which is both good and bad . i enjoy this album differently than i do , say , el cielo . the problems i DO have with this album however are semi-frustrating . the lyrics come off rather contrived . while it doth rocketh hard , many of the songs have the same chords/instrumental structure -LRB- ie guitar intro , drops out for bridge , back again for chorus etc -RRB- . and the last song matroshka sounds like a third-rate U2 song -LRB- but the electro-whatever outro makes up for it -RRB- . in short , despite it 's failings the album is quite enjoyable , and i ca n't wait for their next album . i 'll have to settle for their soundtrack to the movie ` waterfront ' .
 I do n't generally listen to what 's described as progressive/art rock , but I may have to change that . Dredg 's Catch Without Arms is one of the most enjoyable albums I own to listen to . Every single song is good . Some are better than others , but this is one of the few records I know of that I really like every single song on . And they 're all good for different reasons . Dredg combines strong music , beautiful singing , and hard riffs all into a formula that 's hard for me to resist . `` Ode To the Sun '' starts the album well , with high rising vocals and cool instrumentation . It is followed by the single `` Bug Eyes '' , which is another strong alternative rock song . `` Not That Simple '' is probably my favorite song on Catch Without Arms . It has a great chorus and a tune after the second and third refrains that sucks me in . It ends strangely , with a child singing the chorus of a later song from the album in what sounds like a recording of a telephone conversation . The next song , `` Zebraskin '' , is the most unique . It 's not the kind of song I usually like but for some reason it works.The rest of the album folds out in similar fashion . It 's all fairly different sounding , well sung , well performed , quality rock music . It 's not the kind of stuff that 's for everyone , but I ca n't really ask for a more enjoyable album . I still have yet to find the perfect artist , but if every record was like this I 'd be extremely happy .
 WOW , dredg is just an all around amazing band . They 're not comparable to anyone else , melodic , electronic , heavy at times , and always beautiful . The music , vocals , and lyrics on this record are flat out amazing . The singer has an amazing voice , the guitar work is smooth and flows perfectly , the drumming fits in perfectly , and the effects add to the songs without drawing attention away ffrom everything else . Stand out songs , `` Sang Real '' , `` Bug Eyes '' , ` Catch Without Arms '' , heck , every single one is a stand out track , not one bad song on this album , if you have half a brain , you 'll pick it up today , these guys are worth whatever you end up paying for the album , do n't download it .
 my most listened to album ever . had it since it came out in june 2005 and i 've probably listened to it on average of about twice a week -LRB- which puts it at over 100 listens for me -RRB- . every song is ridiculously well-crafted . the album is full of glorious melodies fluid , energetic , and dexturous drumming melodic , punchy , and groovy basswork , beauiful , melodic , tremolo 'd guitars , and sensual , dynamic , emotional vocals . each song is a lesson in absolutely tight songwriting that compliments each indiviual of the group while never overstating any one trait . an absolutely masterpiece of modern rock/prog/post-rock / whatever ! definitely on the short-list of my favorite albums ever .
 With heavy hitters like Cold , Depeche Mode , Deftones , and Disturbed all due to release albums in late 2005 , Dredg will have some competition if they 're to hold their current title , in my humble opinion , of having released the best dark/hard/melodic / emo -LRB- or whatever you want to call it -RRB- major label record of the year . If you 're a fan of bands like The Cure , Deftones , Tool , A Perfect Circle , Depeche Mode , etc. you need to give this band a few listens . ` Catch Without Arms ' is a fantastic blend of melodic , dark -LRB- yet catchy in parts -RRB- rock music for those of you interested in listening to something a little different . The first four tracks will get your attention with their more mainstream sounds and catchy riffs and vocals . They sound similar the first couple of times you listen to them , but you 'll quickly grow to like and distinguish them from one another . At the powerful end of the 4th track , there 's about a fifteen second break with a young girl singing -LRB- poorly -RRB- which , as it turns out , serves as a transition to the 8 remaining distinct tracks on the album . Moving forward the songs sway from melodic and fast-paced to catchy softer sounds , songs with mild groove and reggae influences , and move to very dark , powerful , somber sounds . Alltogether , my favorite tracks are 1 , 2 , 4 , 10 , 11 , and 12 . . although every song is very listenable and you wo n't piss off your less interested friends by letting the CD run loudly in the living room start to finish . Fans of dark , powerful rock music need to give this and their previous album ` El Cielo ' a chance . ` El Cielo ' is an even more unique and original sounding album than ` Catch Without Arms ' . Both are very good .
 Maybe it is n't as good as El Cielo , but this CD is still amazing . I was a little wary when I read that the sound was more mainstream , but I still think a lot of the sound of El Cielo is present on Catch Without Arms.The album opens with an awesome 1-2 punch of `` Ode to the Sun '' and `` Bug Eyes . '' Both have astonishingly good choruses that will stick in your head . `` Bug Eyes '' has become one of my favorite songs ever . The CD does n't let up there because the title track that follows is also a fantastic song , and `` Not That Simple '' is strong as well . `` Zebraskin '' is probably the album 's low point , and feels out of place , but things pick up again with the energetic `` The Tanbark is Hot Lava , '' which reminds me of both El Cielo and Leitmotif . `` Sang Real '' is another creative and catchy -LRB- without arms ? -RRB- song . `` Planting Seeds '' has that relaxed El Cielo feel . `` Spitshine '' is a fairly traditional rock song , but it 's good . The mysterious and moody `` Jamais Vu '' follows . The rocking `` Hung Over on a Tuesday '' is another well-done track . And yes , `` Matroshka '' sounds a lot like U2 , but it makes a quite good album closer . The end reminds me of Peter Gabriel for some reason.Check out Dredg if you 're looking for a band with actual TALENT and the ability to write memorable , accessible songs while still maintaining a unique and artistic sound .
 Catch Without Arms is Dredg 's most accessible release . The album is less progressive than their previous two and all of the songs have extremely strong pop melodies . However , Catch Without Arms still takes far more risks than your average band today and it is different from anything else out there . The songs also sound more cohesive than on there previous albums , as well as having a more upbeat and lighter feel . All of these elements make Catch Without Arms Dredg 's best work to date . I strongly reccomend this album for anyone who likes beautiful and unique music .
 When I first heard Dredg back in 1999 I was stunned by Leitmotif , I picked it up at an underground CD store in NJ at the advice of the salesman . El Cielo came out and changed my life seeing as I suffer from the topic they themed that album on ... the flowing mastry of sounds
 This one band is the only band that has ever continuously amazed me . Their art that we call music is the saving breath that the music industry so desperately needed , but more importantly ; that any of us Dredg fans could of possibly wanted in our lives . Their music is on a level that very few bands have ever touched , and these guys are so under-exposed it is sad and truly shows how close to death the music industry is . When-ever these guys do rightfully get the exposure they deserve for their utter masterpieces that have continuously put out over the years , I 'll be there to celebrate with them . Till then I have a jem sittin in my cd player that very few music enthusiasts will be able to enjoy , but atleast the few of us that have this bands albums can say that we truly have music to listen to , art to appreciate and not just some stupid fad song to make a quick buck from somone who won a reality tv show . 17 year old hipsters may steer the direction of the music industry and blind the ears of people who could really appreciate REAL music , but you will have bands like Dredg who will make music so profound that they will most likely never be fully appreciated in their time , but it 's music THAT GOOD . Buy this album and support this amazing band , and enjoy the music that will flow out of your Stereo/sound system!Dred will truly show you what a masterpiece of an album really is . I highly recommend Lietmotif and El Cielo as well . You simply ca n't go wrong with Dredg , just listen with an open mind and enjoy wherever it takes you .
 Catch Without Arms is well written , expertly played hard rock . I could write all kinds of flowery praises , call it the best cd ever , tell you that it has n't left my cd player since I found it online a month ago -LRB- the demo tracks were the previous residents of my car stereo for months before that -LRB- and yes I have since purchased it -RRB- -RRB- , but instead I will say that it is what it is
 After one listen to Catch Without Arms , it is clear that Dredg is one of the most unappreciated bands of this era . Their music defies catagorization . Very heavy , very mellow , very serious , not very serious , very artistic , but not pretentious . Much like Leitmotif and El Cielo , Catch Without Arms grabs you right away . I had to listen th the first three tracks twice before I could go any further ... and the rest of the cd is even better ! If you have either of their past releases , this review is n't for you because you will no doubt be getting this cd soon anyway . If you are not already a Dredg fan , crack open your wallet and get Leitmotif , El Cielo and Catch without Arms ... listen to them in that order , and love them .
 There are so many words to describe this band and their `` music '' . Their `` music '' to me , if much more than that . It 's art . Their music is from the heart and from what they feel -LRB- Just read the lyrics to `` Catch Without Arms '' and you 'll know what I 'm talking about . I can not emphasise enough that this band HAS to be exposed . They are the savior of the so called music we hear today , hands down . I 've never listened to anything before that has put my mind into new perspectives with music and even life in general . Their music is so unique and precise . I can not thank dredg enough for the beauty they produce ! BUY THIS CD NOW !!!
 First , I am going to clarify what I am reviewing here . The 4 star rating is not relative to Dredg 's past works of `` El Cielo '' and `` Leitmotif '' . I am rating it based solely on the music of this album.With that said , Dredg has certainly taken a new direction . Gone are the days of experimental , concept-driven songs . Most of the songs on CWA are 4 minutes or less , with simple structure . This is a hard change to accept for many Dredg fans , and I would have to admit that I was initially turned off as well . But Dredg seems to pull it off quite well , with many catchy melodies and choruses , while they still keep the same inspired sound of their past work.There are many high and low points on this album . Songs such as `` Bug Eyes '' , `` Zebraskin '' , `` Planting Seeds '' , and `` Jamais Vu '' will be classic Dredg songs for years to come . However , there are some weak spots on the album , especially with tracks like `` Spitshine '' and `` Hungover on a Tuesday '' . The rest of the album is solid , with songs that will keep the album on repeat . One of the more interesting songs on the album is `` Matroshka '' , which I hated initially , but its now starting to grow on me . All in all , it provides a good ending.Dredg has produced a solid album with Catch Without Arms . However , every Dredg fan knows that they are capable of much more , and I look forward to seeing what they produce in the future .
 First off , I totally agree that they seem to be selling out . Im not sure which song it is on the record , but he basically gives the reason for the alblum -LRB- 4 ? -RRB- . `` Talk about love '' and more lyrics about fans and such . I cant blame the band , and the label , for wanting success . Just dont lose the fans you have before you get new ones.Anyhow , this is a solid cd . Bug Eyes is definately the summit of their monsterous sound on the record . Great song . Im ot sure who produced El Cielo , but the drums dont have such an impact on Catch with out Arms as they did on El Cielo . Im still churning on the record and Im sure it will have plenty more play time for the weeks to come .
 And I 'm glad it 's not . I would first like to say I 've only been listening to dredg for a year or so now and that I have purchased all three albums and heard all e.p. 's and lots of other recordings by dredg . I would also like to say that comparing ` catch without arms ' to ` el cielo ' is unreasonable , it really is `` comparing apples and oranges '' . What I mean is they 're both good , but in their own way.First off , this is a more traditional album as opposed to dredg 's previous works . Where ` leitmotif ' was too strange and where ` el cielo ' was too monotone , ` catch without arms ' excels . This album also causes alarm amongst ` loyal dredg fans ' as it strays from the utterly self-indulgent pretentious progressive rock they are known for . I must say that this is a fine album and that dredg ought to be commended for transforming their music to make a wonderful rock album , and it would appear on their own terms.Track by track synopsis :1 . ode to the sun - an energetic and urgent song with confusing yet interesting lyrics about a car wreck -LRB- rather based around that -RRB- , this song is a fan favorite and makes an excellent opener . 5/52 . bug eyes - ok i would 've titled it something else , but this has a signature sound to it with a dynamic that seems to not be done well these days . Lyrically this is song is about life and death , a different take on it . This is also their single , a good pick . 5/53 . catch without arms - the song to piss off all of the moody-art rock people . In reality a hard edged pop song with an ' i do n't care what you think ' attitude . It is actually laced with lots of noise from guitars despite its low-key approach . 5/54 . not that simple - Ok , honesty time . This is dribble , * skip * . 1/55 . zebraskin - This is a highly heartfelt song against a laidback musical backdrop . 3/56 . the tanbark is hot lava - A deceptively light intro is followed by very percussive beginning to the song . I do n't know the lyrics of this song but it has a great driving sound to it . Also has this swooping dynamic to it . 4/57 . sang real - This is a contender for best song on the album . It really hits hardest on the album 's message . It has the best guitar line i 've heard in a long time that has this sinking undertone to it , just simply beautiful . Lyrically it 's very much about opposites -LRB- `` I 'm the addict yet i 'm sober '' -RRB- . 5/58 . planting seeds - This is also another highlight of the album . The raining guitar -LRB- as i like to call it -RRB- is just absolutely beautiful . This song would give you a fairly decent idea of what older dredg music is like . Lyrically the song is about finding something beautiful in ugliness -LRB- `` A seashell in a sea of shells '' - i.e. bullet shells -RRB- . 5/59 . spitshine - This song really serves as a follow up to the previous songs , I do n't really have much to say about it . 4/510 . jamais vu - I asked a friend of mine and she said it means `` never seen '' , which is the opposite of `` deja vu '' . Anyway this song has another beautiful intro with a rising/uplifting feel to it . And no the song is not about going to college -LRB- read the lyrics , or if you downloaded it - shame on you - www.traversing.net -RRB- . 5/511 . hungover on a tuesday - This is probably my second favorite , it is a really loud song placed against so much quiteness in the album which makes sense as the song is an awakening for the speaker/listener . Also listen for the beautiful variation in the second or third verse -LRB- after the first chorus -RRB- . I also love the opening line
 I 've been a great fan of this band for many years . When I heard there new album was coming out I found that there single , Bug Eyes , I could n't believe how amazing they have gotten since their first album . I truly love this album . Nothing that has been release this year can not compare to the amazing very catchy songs that Dredg has made for this album .
 I love it , do n't really care what anyone else says . I 'm happy with it and that 's all that matters to ME .
 Okay ... I do n't know why everybody wants another El Cielo . Granted , El Cielo was a truly amazing CD ... but what 's worse than a band that does n't progress ? Yeah , that 's right ... Dredg has progressed with their new CD . They have incorporated the genious seen on El Cielo with more radio/user friendly / accessible song patterns . I may get shot for this ... but I believe the vocals are far better than El Cielo , and light years ahead of Lietmotif . The vocals on El Cielo were fairly monotonous ... but on Catch Without Arms , Gavin allows himself to truly explore the possiblities of his voice . I also love how the verses of songs such as Jamais Vu Catch Without Arms are carried by the bass . Likewise , the guitar work , while simplistic at times , is still nothing short of great . The drumming ... ah ... the drumming ... not so impressed ... unfortunetly . Lietmotif was the high point of drumming in Dredg ... and I 'm sure their drummer is perfectly capable ... he 's just not showing it.Ode to the Sun 5/10
 Dredge is different from anyone I 've heard yet . I ca n't Tell what this guy is singing about . By far Dredge has some of the most modern , but beautiful music out . Young musicians . you can call it emo maybe . evn if you hate emo check this album out . I bought it knowing nothing about it . Bug Eyes is fantastic , even though I have no idea what it means .
 Well , its been said quite a few times already . This album is like Leitmotif and el cielo in one album . Not exactly , but you get the idea . I definitely recommend this album , even if you 've never heard these guys before . Gavin 's voice is amazing and very haunting if i say so myself . I wish there were more singers like him . Seems like all people can do these days is scream . ugh . I give it 4 stars because it did n't hit me quite like el cielo did . What kind of lets me down is the more simple song structures ... verse choruse verse chorus ... yeah . I like stuff that does n't really follow `` guidelines '' so to speak . But aside from that , this album rocks , inspires , impacts ... -LRB- insert infinite adjectives -RRB- . So buy it and their other ones RIGHT NOW !
 The first time I heard Dredg , I had no idea who they were . I scoffed at the paintings on stage and the table with the intricately stitched rug on it . I even laughed a bit when Gavin pulled out the trumpet . It did n't seem to bother any of the band that most people in the crowd were doing the same . I 'm sure they had gone through the abuse before , and will do so again.Fast forward to now . I 'm a huge fan of everything Leitmotif , and a moderate fan of El Cielo . To me the album seemed like a major departure , and I enjoyed the more raspy , gritty rock stylings they had used previously . Still , I found a lot to like in songs such as `` I 'm Sorry But It 's Over '' , `` Scissor Lock '' , and `` The Canyon Behind Her '' , even if others on the CD tantalized me with the promise of interesting tempo structures and unconventional melodies , but left me disappointed with the real meat of the piece.I see Catch Without Arms as a bit of a convergence between these two albums . Less airy and unconventional than El Cielo , it 's still not as rockish as Leitmotif . `` Bug Eyes '' is a good single to represent that , I think , and it 's one of the better tracks on the album , along with `` Sang Real '' , `` Planting Seeds '' , and my personal favorite , `` Jamais Vu '' . There is this sense I got that any one of these songs would be good radio play material , if the band were more publically known . I never felt that way about either of the other albums , which I guess is a good indication of why people are taking offense to it . Honestly , I never thought that the existentialist lyrics Dredg are prone to are epiphanies of any kind . I simply never felt strongly about them either way . If you think `` Why ca n't we live like penguins in the desert '' is fantastic stuff , though , chances are you 'll find something to appreciate here as well.Melodically , I felt that , as I said , this was a fusion of the two albums . It has hints of that progressive sound , but unlike much of El Cielo , it does not feel the need to change gears midway through the song . Instead it takes a theme and runs with it . You get your basic verse/chorus/verse / interim structure , but I feel that the subtle touches that the band brings in always has you looking for , and often finding , the unexpected.One thing I will say though , Dredg is the best band I 've ever seen in a live setting . They 're pretty good musicians , but they 're * great * people . `` Nice '' does n't even begin to describe the understanding and respect they have for their fans . If you ever have the chance to see them in concert , by all means do . Not only do they play a great live set , but they treat the people in the crowd as people , instead of as a wailing mob . It 's one of the best courtesies that 's ever been extended to me as a consumer of music and as a fan .
 Of course I ran out and grabbed this the day it came out , and I 'm on my 6-7th spin of this disc in the first 60 hours . While not as heavy as the first two , from a songrwriting POV , they 've grown by leaps and bounds . I think on the first 2 albums , gavin came across as a little reserved in his vocals , but he totally shines on this release , and just shows you how much this band is growing together . Let 's just all hope they do n't turn into a corporate machine down the line , and keep getting better every album just like this !!! And a cool contribution cameo thumbs up from Chris Degarmo ... that 's Queensryche for you kids : - D
 I have waited a very , very long time for this release . Okay , maybe it 's only been two years give or take since they announced they had started work , but it seemed like a lifetime to me . I discovered Dredg when Leitmotif was re-released on Interscope and while it took awhile to digest fully , I immediatly loved it and was thrilled when mere months later they announced the release date for El Cielo . El Cielo blew my expectations away , and has literally become a part of me . I have since been continually starved for new Dredg and I 've watched album after album by other bands get release while watching the release date for this get pushed back farthur and farthur.Now that it 's finally here in my hands -LRB- which I can hardly believe , -RRB- what do I have to say about it ? Well , topping El Cielo would be a tall order so they did what any smart enterprise does when it has nowhere else to go but down - they changed format . Unlike El Cielo , this is not an album experiance -LRB- not in the same way at least . -RRB- This is a very song-based album . The songs overall are a lot more focused , catchy and radio-friendly . Now that 's neither here nor there as far as how good the album is , but it 's important not to expect something like El Cielo 's pastoral soundscapes.What you can expect is huge , soaring choruses , schizophrenic start-stop guitars , and almost danceable drum & bass . Almost all these songs will suck you in and get your heartrate up . More so than most songs on the first two albums , these songs seem geared towards being played live . `` Bug Eyes '' is an incredibly addictive , intense , melodic ride which if promoted appropriately will probably earn Dredg a lot of new fans.Songs in a similar vein include the incredibly mobile opening track `` Ode to the Sun , '' as well as possibly one of my favorite tracks on this album , `` The Tanbark is the Hot Lava . '' This song is a perfect example of a band that can catch that ` getting caught up in it ' energy of metal and punk without actually playing metal or punk music . `` Jamais Vu '' is also a highlight on an album of overall incredible music . But perhaps my favorite song is the mellow , introspective `` Sang Real '' ; besides boasting a mind-shatteringly beautiful melody and groovey swung piano riffs , it tosses up the sequence of the album , preventing it from seeming too static by the last track.Another left-fielder , `` Zebraskin , '' reminds me in a strange way of Lenny Kravitz , with it 's super laid back rhoades piano , pop melody , and sugary-sweet stereophonic vocal harmonies . Not necessarily a bad thing , but certainly uncharacteristic of Dredg.Catch Without Arms is without many weaknesses . Its biggest weakness is that it may just be too sweet and easy to digest after the experimental genious of El Cielo . However , I do have to mention that the chorus in `` Spitshine '' makes me think of the theme song to some WB show about teenagers ... this song may be pushing it just a tiny bit too far with the powerpop melodies.I 'd have to rank this below El Cielo , but I 'm still giving it five stars because it more than deserves it . If there will be an album that gets Dredg mainstream attention , it will most likely this one . Buy and enjoy .
 Dredg is truly unlike any other band . This album met and exceeded all of my expectations following el cielo . El cielo was one of the greatest albums I have ever heard , and Catch w/o Arms is slightly better . You ca n't ask for more . Each song is great , so I wo n't get into the specifics of the album . This is the kind of album that would be great to listen to on a summer day at the beach . It is pure beauty and relaxation . Get it NOW !
 Buy this album , and go ahead and buy el cielo as well . Both albums are near perfect , yet `` Catch Without Arms '' is closer to perfection . I saw dredg in Dallas , TX on 6/1 and they are amazing live as well . I love this band and in my opinion this cd is worth 10 times more than they charge . I ca n't say enough good things about this band/album . It has honestly changed my life for the positive . This music moves me in ways I have rarely known in my 26 years . Thank you dredg , you are the savior of all that is great about rock .
 Okay first off I will admit I was dissapointed , I wanted this to sound like el cielo and as we all know it dose n't . But as I listened to it I realised this album is amazing in its own way.Catch without arms is the best record by far this year , gavin still has one of the best voices in rock next to manard , Dredg will never be mainstream , but as long as they keep progressing like they have they will continue to put out some of the best music there is to offer !
 OK , lets get something out of the way right now
 This is definitely the most enigmatic album I 've heard in a very long time , and after giving it to a friend with similar tastes , I 'm blessed in knowing that I 'm not alone in the opinion . What do I mean when I apply such a vague and not often used description such as enigmatic ? This is what I mean
 The winding path Dredg has taken throughout their three album career remains a rare one . While not achieving mainstream popularity , their name is still passed around like the password to a secret club . Strident in both agenda and ideals , this band from Los Gatos has achieved a manner of success from their peers through two classic albums -LRB- according to their loyal legion of fans -RRB- and overly impressive live shows . With the film-turned-soundtrack qualities of Lietmotif and the epic , Dali-influenced work of El Cielo , the artistic expectation of the next Dredg record was simply through the roof.Then again , how can one surpass these defining moments of millenial art rock ? Both great and fulfilling records , the development of Dredg 's sound is truly one of people growing up and refining their sound and style . While youthful ambition is still present , the refining in songwriting and talent remains absolutely astounding throughout Catch Without Arms . The aggressive hard rock so embraced in the earlier records has been embellished with melodicism and extremely catchy songwriting . Singer Gavin Hayes ' voice has achieved the sound and enthusiasm that were merely hinted at in the past two records , developing amazing melodies . The now perfect timing of Dino and Drew in the rhythm section is astounding , while guitarist Mark Engles has became almost a modern The Edge , using his guitar to coax a sublime texture into the song.To write appealing songs does n't mean you 're kitsch or pop . This collection of twelve songs , unified sonically moreso than thematically , remain absolutely enjoyable . While considerably less esoteric than previous releases , the Dredg sound is considerably imbued into each track , astounding highs included . `` Spitshine '' could become a new anthem , `` Bug Eyes '' has a rock sound that takes over where El Cielo ended , and `` Sang Real '' leaves us in the desert of Leitmotif . With very few breaks -LRB- in comparison to the sound-bytes that pepper the first two records -RRB- , the feel is remarkably streamline and unbelievably easy to love.In the desolation of contemporary rock and roll , I still find this band to be one of the few torchbearers . Truly without peer and remarkably tralented , Dredg still remains one of the few bands that can inspire you both on the record and on the stage . It is unfair to compare this record to the last two ; it is a step to a larger stage and to fill the void in rock that we all knew was missing but did n't know what to fill it with . Now that Catch Without Arms is here , I know I 'll be satisfied . Until the next one .
 This is probably the most highly anticipated record of the past 3 years for me . After stumbling upon `` El Cielo '' from reading the reviews on Amazon , I thought they were a pretty cool band ... little did I realize over the past 3 years Dredg would become my favorite new band of the last 10 years or so.In case you have n't heard Dredg , their sound has been called everything from Emo to Progressive Rock , Hard Rock and Alternative and they probably are all of the above . Gavin 's vocals are very distinct and on the higher end of the register and the lyrics are ... well in a word , deep . Behind him is a band of talented young musicians that collectively form the nucleus of what is the most exciting thing happening in music today.About 6 weeks ago `` Bug Eyes '' appeared as a pre-release single on Itunes . I downloaded it , it blew me away and I have not been the same since . Not only is it the record of the year , but its honestly as good as anything thats ever been released in its genre . The lyrics just astound me . Well , that 's great and all but I feared the rest of the record would have a hard time living up to `` Bug Eyes '' ... After a few listens I thought this was a good record , but perhaps not great . Slowly , other great songs -LRB- `` Jamais Vu '' , `` Ode To The Sun '' & `` Spitshine '' -RRB- started to emerge and the record started to reveal all its intricacies , layers and nuances . Then I started to like how the band was willing to experiment and grow their sound - `` Sang Real '' & `` Zebraskin '' and it became evident what a great record this in fact is.The production by Terry Date and the overall engineering deserve kudos as well , as this is a fantastic sounding record - The instruments and vocals were all recorded amazingly well.Record Of The Year and the new standard in Emo/Prog/Hard / Alt Rock .
 From what I 've seen here already , I see two camps forming . Those who are just loyal to the band , and those who claim the band have sold out . In my opinion , neither of these opinions really matter very much . We should look at this album without preconceptions.Now , as far as the album goes , I love it . I think it is a great album . It 's not the art-rock concept piece that `` El Cielo '' was , but I never expected it to be . It is also not very much like `` leitmotif '' -LRB- which is just an OK album , but important in tracking this band 's beginnings -RRB- . I hate that it is being called over-produced just because it is clear . I think Terry Date has done as fine a job here as he has done with his many other projects . The vocals are finally crisp and clear , the guitars have this beautiful , mellow quality , and the bass and drums are very punchy.The musicians on this album have really outdone themselves on this album . I think that `` El Cielo '' is still the better album , because of all the new ground they tread on it . However , we ca n't expect them to breakthrough with every album they release . NO musician has ever been able to do this . I think that the melodies and harmonies laid down here vocally are very interesting . He might not be reinventing the wheel , but the vocals are more than adequate . Lyrics , also , are a high point for this album . They are n't like the `` poems '' of previous efforts , but seem more cohesive . You might call this mainstream , but I just call it songwriting . The guitars are good , but seem to add more of a texture than a driving force in the music . Guitar tone is good , but not great . This band is being led by a solid rhythm section , and the bass is pretty original compared to what is popular in music right now . The drums are also very good.The songs are : Ode to the Sun 9/10
 Dredg 's good old sound is still there from Leitmotif . I can hear it in the distance , greatly improved upon and refreshed , but still there . Those signature guitar melodies and song structures no one else can come up with . There is definitely a difference here as well . There is less instrumental parts and a little less experimentation -LRB- well , a lot less than Leitmotif , a little less than El Cielo -RRB- . The songs are more straight-forward ... that might sound like a disappointment but it really is n't . They get right to the point and do n't fiddle around with silly little interlude songs . It 's almost hard to believe how far Dredg has come this quickly . Back when I was listening to Leitmotif almost every day I really thought I 'd never call anything this band does `` catchy '' but here it is , and still excellent . Dredg is still Dredg - their music may shift and evolve -LRB- any band 's music does ... would n't be much of a band if not -RRB- but -LRB- if you 're a previous fan -RRB- you can still hear that special hint of individuality.If you have n't heard Dredg before they 're tough to explain . They 're artsy , but nothing you 'd ever call weird or experimental on this album . They 're kind of like semi-underground alternative rock . Not too heavy , not too light , not very weird , but certainly not boring . Catchy , but not overly repetitive . A very fun album that does n't get old dispite its straight-forwardness . Most of the music I listen to is n't really `` catchy , '' I usually like my songs progressive , ever-changing , and not very ... `` ordinary '' for lack of a better term . In fact when I hear that a song even contains a verse and a chorus , those words * almost * repel my interest in discovering something . Bottom line I guess is I do n't listen to too much music similar to Dredg , but I am quite addicted to them and they stand out above everyone else . Catchiness certainly does n't mean the artist has no talent and wants you to pull you in . Some of the worst songs in the universe are catchy and get stuck in your head . That 's how one-hit-wonders are born . But the songs here are very enjoyable and well-written . Dredg is actually heavier on this album than ever before . The vocals and production are also polished off much better than their other two albums . `` Ode to the Sun '' actually starts off with quite heavy and faster than I saw coming . `` Bug Eyes '' is one of the best songs here . Great drumming that you ca n't stop tapping your fingers to during the verses , and the chorus contains a great memorable guitar riff and wailing vocals . `` Catch without Arms '' is a great tune , very catchy . `` Not that Simple '' actually is a bit progressive - it slowly builds up to an absolutely great vocal melody in its chorus and is probably my favorite song here . Then comes `` Zebraskin '' ... I really am not very impressed by this song at all . It 's actually kind of annoying . The repeating of the words so much and the woozy sounds in the background just makes for not so great of a song . Sorry ! `` The Tanbark is Hot Lava '' spices things up a bit , emerging with quite speedy and heavier guitar work . `` Sang Real '' actually is the most reminiscent song of previous albums . It 's a great song with some quirky , idiosyncratic rhythms , a little piano loop , and great vocals . This is probably my second favorite song here . `` Planting Songs '' is another great song with a very prominent bass line and creates a wonderful atmosphere . `` Hung over on a Tuesday '' is another heavier one with some of the best guitar melodies on the album . `` Matroshka '' is a wonderful ending , the melody they create is kind of heartwarming and sad at the same time . like saying goodbye to a friend that will be away for years but you are proud of what they are doing . You even think the song is over and it continues on for another two minutes with a laid-back instrumental part.All in all , as long as you have a halfway decent appreciation for music I do n't really see who could n't like this album , and I could n't possibly suggest a particular crowd or similar bands.but Leitmotif is still better : -RRB-
 When the first batch of reviews -LRB- here at amazon.com -RRB- came in for `` Catch Without Arms , '' everyone praised it as a masterpiece , a truely great album . As the days passed and people listened more and more , many retracted their reviews . Yesterday , there were upward of twenty reviews here , most of them praising the album . Now , a day later , there are only five reviews , all but one hailing the album as a dissapointment.I went through a similar evolution in my quest to understand `` Catch Without Arms . '' During the first five listens , I was amazed with the clarity of Gavin 's vocals , the overall production of everything . Eventually , I began to see what I thought were flaws in the album . As a dredg fanatic , I naturally shrugged this off as a misunderstanding on my part . Afterall , dredg was the band that bred `` El Cielo , '' in my humble opinion one of the greatest albums , if not the greatest , of the 21st century thus far . But as it 's known , the more you attempt to ignore something , the more apparent it becomes.The orignal source of my doubt came from track 12 , Matroshka . This song , from the first listen , sounded nothing like a dredg song . It 's blatant over-production , greeted by cliched lyrics , left me in shock . It was as if the record company had taken an unused U2 song and threw Gavin 's vocals over it.As I continued to wonder about Matroshka , flaws became apprent elsewhere . Not That Simple dragged at times , and the chorus of Spitshine sounded too much like what I 'd heard many times before.I was n't yet to give up on the album , though , and I continued to listen , hoping to find that grace and beauty which emcompassed `` El Cielo '' perfectly . I realised what made `` Catch Without Arms '' so good , the fact it was nothing like `` El Cielo . `` I 'm sure dredg knew they could make another album like `` El Cielo '' and have their fanbase praise them for their innovation , but dredg is a band too smart to just feed their fans the same material over and over . `` Catch Without Arms '' is blatantly not `` El Cielo , '' and , like I said , and as hard as it is to believe , that is it 's major strength . `` Catch Withou Arms '' still has moments of beauty that equal those on `` El Cielo '' -LRB- although nothing touches on the level of brillance that is The Canyon Behind Her . -RRB- The first three tracks , Ode to the Sun , Bug Eyes , and Catch Withou Arms are all solid . In fact , with the exception of Not That Simple , Spitshine , and Matroshka , all the songs on the album are excellent . And even out of the album 's three missteps , Not That Simple and Spitshine are still really good songs . I still have n't , and do n't suppose I will ever , find anything good with Matroshka , but it 's not so bad that I do n't mind hearing it at the end of the album.This album excites me for the future of dredg . While the album does n't always shine , it shows that dredg is experimenting . And experimentation takes courage , thus dredg is a band with courage . If they so desire to continue to change their sound with each album , dredg will have a fan in me .
 For their third album , Dredg have undergone a slight musical makeover . Make no mistake , this is still the same great band that brought you `` Leitmotif '' and `` El Cielo , '' but on their latest effort , the group go for a more straight-forward , rock sound , as opposed to the sprawling concept albums of past . Each song on `` Catch Without Arms '' stands on it 's own , and can be listened to out of arrangement and still make sense . As expected though , there is still an abundance of creativity and variety to go around . This ai n't your average rock album , and just like before , Dredg still keep their signature sound intact.Now , if you have a problem with a group who streamlines their sound -LRB- what other people like to call `` selling out '' -RRB- , keep the title of the album and it 's respective song in mind . On the title track , singer Gavin Hayes lashes out at the groups record label to the point where it is so blatantly obvious and you start to wonder how they slipped this one by -- some sample lyrics
 SUMMER 2010 EDIT : So I 've had a good half-decade to let this one sink in , and I must say with regret that it has not exactly stood the test of time . I still maintain that the songwriting here is every bit as strong as it was on the band 's 2002 masterpiece , EL CIELO , if a bit more straightforward and concise . The songs themselves are not the problem . The problem , per se , can be summed up in two words
 Nothing is more controversial for a band than a change in sound . However slight , a move towards a more `` radio friendly '' sound generally causes a rift in a bands fanbased . But unlike most bands , the always consistant Dredg does a perfect job of balancing their prog / alt rock sound with a more traditional rock sound . Brining to mind the lush guitar pop texturing of My Bloody Valentine -LRB- specifically on their unparalleled opus ` Loveless ' -RRB- , ` Catch Without Arms ' flows with ease , showcasing the excellent songwriting skills that Dredg has to offer . The strong production does this album justice , it creates a warm ambience behind the music -LRB- on which it rests rather comfortably -RRB- . The catchy , sometimes progressive riffing is a highlight , though that does n't come as much surprise due to Dredg 's near flawless track record . There are surprises abound on here though , the more popish songs sometimes overshadowing the more technical songs in appeal -LRB- just give the fantastic radio-ready `` Not That Simple '' a listen -RRB- . Also , the drum work is something of note , some of the more aluring beats sticking with you well after the initial listen . Gavin Hayes , of course , is up at bat with his `` a '' game , giving yet another fantastic performance -LRB- the chorus of `` Tanbark '' among his finest hours -RRB- . True , ` Catch Without Arms ' is nothing close to ` Leitmotif ' , but it is probably the most enjoyable rock record that will come out this year . Nevertheless it is a musthave for fans of Dredg and rock in general .8.5 / 10
 I ` ve always thought that a great band is a band that manages to evolve , but at the same time stay true to their original sound . It ` s a thin line , and too many bands who ` d achieved praise for their previous releases choose the safe option and makes a similar sounding album . It seems to me that some people seem dissapointed that `` catch without arms '' does n`t sound like El cielo . But do they really want an album that sound like a copy of the original ? This album shows great evolving from one of the most talented musicians in the industry . The album is incredible varieted and more accessable than their previous releases . This is no negative thing , even thought it may sound a more radio friendly . Many people seem to dislike matroshka and spitshine , just because they are more upbeat and radiofriendly . In my opinion they are one of the best songs on the album , both spine-chilling melodic , and that to me that ` s what dredg has always been about .
 On my first listen to ` Catch Without Arms , ' I was a little disappointed . I had been hoping for something that was closer in style to Leitmotif , but that 's not what they delivered . But after listening to it a few times , I 've gotten over the fact that their style has diverged a bit from their original sound . And , now I think that I do like ` Catch Without Arms ' even more than their previous efforts .
 I 've been a true dredg fan for over a year now . Their artistic style of music is refreshing and truly unique . Needless to say my expectations were great for this album.After listening this album trough a few times I can say that I 'm a bit disappointed . The overall album is far less original and refreshing than their first two were . Some songs even sound boring at times mainly because of their lack of new input -LRB- Not that simple , Matroshka -RRB- . What also bothers me is that this album is n't as rockish as their last two . I know they were never a true rockband but I always appreciated the heavy riffs from the first two albums.This does n't mean this albums is bad though , there are still some truly good songs on this album . Ode to the sun , Tanbark , Sang Real and Zebraskin are all amazing . The lyrics are also still fantastic.Overall it 's still worth a purchase to anyone who can appreciate good alternative/rock music . Just do n't expect this to blow your hat off like their first two albums .
 Dredg are by far one of the most important rock bands out there today . I can not believe they have not gained more attention yet . Sure they have a HUGE cult following , but this music needs to reach more people . Well after countless touring and 2 earlier , near perfect albums , `` Catch Without Arms '' might finally do just that . On their previous efforts they 've had some extremely wacked out moments and crazy concepts that were difficult to catch for the casual listener . This was a sort of turn off to most , but the few who got it were amazed . Now with this one they have taken a much more simpler approach to their sound . Sure they still have a few strange moments -LRB- the short interludes at the end of some songs -RRB- , but this is much more song driven rather than conceptual . Every song has lyrics now and they all could easily be played on alternative radio . This is one of the reasons I believe they will gain more respect from the mainstream , simple is good in that sense . But dont let that fool you into thinking this is one big pile of steaming crap . They still have the choruses that will take your breath away at the sheer , epic beauty they pour out . The infamous `` raining '' guitar is present as well , just about in every track too . It sounds like U2 's Edge joined the band at times . The lyrics are also still very poetic and make you think . . but just with catchier vocal melodies . They also seem alot lighter and more optimistic this time around . Every song pretty much has the cliche Intro-verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus thing going on , but it sounds good . You can tell they are craving more success this time around and that their label is influencing them into becoming more . . `` normal '' in a sense . However , they 're still Dredg and have not `` sold out '' as some would say , and this album is just beautiful in every way . Do not expect El Cielo or Leitmotif . . this album does not even come close to the ranks of those . But this is still a very good album that hopefully draws more people into their sound and maybe even influence other bands in a sense . I give it a 83/100 .
 For the fans of dredg , Catch Without Arms is an album that we 've been waiting for for the better part of a year . It was originally slated to come out last summer , but the label pushed it back numerous times and the band took that time to fine tune songs and even write a few more for it . All I can say is that the wait has been more than worth it ! Even after listening to most of these songs for months through live concerts they still sound fresh and have some minor differences . You must remember that this is not El Cielo , nor did the band want it to be a repeat of that album . With that in mind this record does also sound more accessible , and by that I do mean more main stream . However this does mean that dredg sacrificed their music to attrack more fans . This collection of songs , an album based on the concept of polar opposites or different perspectives , sounds very tight and the song-writing skills of the band members have all improved greatly . There 's nothing wrong with having a catchy hook in a song if it 's still good music . I 'd point out standout songs , but really they are all very good . But I will say that `` Jamais Vu '' is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard , and guitarist Mark Engles really shines here . Go out , buy the album , catch these guys live . I promise you that you will not be disappointed .
 I have been waiting for this album since the last note of el cielo ! I could n't imagine where they could go from that point . El cielo is one of my all time favorite albums . So i was quite pleased when this album did n't let me down in the slitest!dredg has always been known for their sence of experimentation and progression . and i feel like thats what this is . It sounds a little like a cross between the first two albums while not sounding anything like either one in song content . Each member has progressed on his insturment . Gavin especially . His voice gets better with every single album . And on tracks like , Not That Simple , Ode To The Sun and Jamis Vu it soars to new hights.This album is a little more upbeat then el cielo was but its not really a heavy album . it has its heavy moments but its more of a soul crushingly inspiring way then anything else . Dredg has always had a huge , epic sound to me and that is evident on all 12 songs of this four and a half star album !
 This is the bands third album and each one gets better than the next . You can not find something like this anywhere and its a masterpiece in every sense of the word . Haunting vocals , melodic guitars , grooving bass , pounding drums make for a unique music quality . Best album of the year for me .
 So , I 've had my hands on this album for about 3 weeks now and I 've been waiting until its release to post my review up on Amazon.This album is amazing.I love Dredg ! ` nuff said.Listen , learn , love , spread the word , change the world . And check out El Cielo if you have n't already.-jbs -
 Been waiting a long time for this one . After great things from Leitmotif and the absolute masterpiece that is El Cielo I had really high expectations from this album . By all means this is a terrific album so far and I 'm sure with a couple of more listens that star count will hit five - but not yet . This album really moves along ... no long intros and no intermediary songs in between . It 's not the sweeping ride that El Cielo is and that 's far from a bad thing . Ode to the Sun , Bug Eyes , and Tanbark all rip and Zebraskin is a damn groovy departure from the norm . The second half of the album really has n't grabbed me yet and that 's the only real problem I have so far . Their first two albums just oozed originality from start to finish yet the second half -LRB- with the exclusion of Sang Real - song is amazing -RRB- just has too much mainstream feel to it . However Do not hesitate prospective buyer ... Dredg just about blows everybody off the musical map . Their musicianship is unmatched and will no doubt put you in that `` feel good place '' like no other band can . You ca n't go wrong with this album but if your new to Dredg take the road to El Cielo first .
 First , let 's get this out of the way . I would hardly ever give a CD 5 stars after only listening to it once or twice - there 's just no way I can put it in the same category as the Cure or the Beatles yet , so just hang with me on this one.Every once and a while I listen to a CD and feel like the band is playing in front of me with their emotion just pouring out of the speakers , like everything else I 'd been listening to that month was just background noise . That was the case with Catch Without Arms . Until today , Spoon 's `` Gim me Fiction '' was my favorite album of 2005 thus far . I 've since changed my mind.This album blew me away upon the first listen . In a couple words , it 's one of the most heartfelt and powerful albums I 've heard in a while . It 's definately a little bit of a curveball after El Cielo , but that 's OK . The guitars , drums , vocals - it 's all so fresh , crisp , and excellently executed . The thing that strikes me right away is that they know how to use space in their phrases , riffs , and overall songwriting . Also , every aspect of the band just comes together extremely tight . The guitar work is extremely fresh . The drumming is tight , punchy , and technically solid . The bass is really innovative - he does far more than just provide the chord progression . And the vocals are sincere , pure , soaring , and far more inspiring than that guy , what 's his name ... Chris Martin?I do n't doubt I 'll find faults with this album as I listen to it more , but I hope not . That 's the beauty of listening to an album for the first time . I envy those of you who have yet to do so .
 There really is not much more to say about this album and dredg in general but amazing . You HAVE to get this album.This one is slated to be the defining album to put dredg on the mainstream map -LRB- which kinda sucks , the only good thing is they will make more money which means more music ! -RRB- , they have a video for `` Bug Eyes '' which should be hitting stations pretty soon , something they have n't done before and should be pretty cool . You can check it out at www.dredg.com . This album is a little different from their past works El Cielo and Leitmotif . The musicality of this album is through the roof . The familiar dredg sound is still there pounding.If your a dredg fan you probably already have this . If you 're new to dredg pick this up and all their albums as they all rock!I saw dredg live and they kicked a ** . If you have a chance to see them , go !
 A bit of a change this time for Dredg , less progressive material , more straight ahead rock tunes . I was a little disappointed in it . It does n't have alot of stuff going on like with El Cielo which is pretty big compared to Catch Without Arms . But still this is the direction they chose to go in and it 's definitely a very good one .
 I have been a fan of Dredg for about four years now , after falling in love with them when they opened for Chevelle in Atlanta . I was completely blown away by Gavin 's voice , the unique drumming and the trumpet and saxophone players who graced the stage . I bought El Cielo after this and it did n't leave my cd player for about a year . I bought Catch Without Arms and at first I was a bit disappointed . There are no ` Movements ' as on Leitmotif , or ` Brushstrokes ' as on El Cielo , and the sound has changed quite a bit from those albums . But this album grew on me when I stopped comparing it to their previous releases . As with every band who tries and succeeds to make unique music , the record label and the radio want something mainstream . It 's really a shame but it 's the way the business works I guess . I do think that the title track on this album reveals just how the band feels about that , and I could n't agree more.There are only a few songs on here that I would consider ` mainstream ' . Bug Eyes has been played on the radio and was featured on a soundtrack . Ode To The Sun could also be radio-friendly . Despite the change in this album , it is still amazing . Gavin 's voice is arguably the best thing about this band , as he is absolutely flawless . It still gives me chills every time I hear it . My favorite song is The Tanbark is Hot Lava because of the vocals alone . I 'm also very fond of Matroshka -LRB- which , for the record , sounds NOTHING like U2 -RRB- and Ode To The Sun . I 've noticed that other reviewers seem to not like Hungover On A Tuesday and I can not imagine why . The song is fantastic , albeit a little out of place on the album -LRB- I think it should have been near the beginning -RRB- . Dredg are not capable of a bad song , believe me.The tracks on this album stand alone but it is much better when they 're heard as a whole.I highly recommend this album to any fan of music . Dredg are probably the best new band I 've heard in the past ten years . I also recommend El Cielo and Leitmotif , though they are different from this album . Buy it and discover what well written , thought provoking music is all about . I would also recommend seeing them live because Gavin is just as flawless -LRB- if not more so -RRB- on stage .
 This band has n't seen a whole lot of airtime , but after listening to this new album I 'm convinced they will definitely take their career to new heights . It 's really plain and simple ; this production kicked ass . The selected single is `` Bug Eyes '' which is completely appropriate to reflect the album . If you want to know if you 'll like this album and if it 's your style , then buy `` Bug Eyes '' off iTunes or something . In my eyes , the band 's songs are so well done because of the vocalist ; lyrics only go so far . it takes someone funky on vocals to make it sound good.Another track that stands out is `` Catch Without Arms '' because of some nicely written lyrics . `` That 's what happens / when you play catch without arms / it tears , tears us apart . '' Do n't ask me why that 's such an elaborate lyrical production , it just sounds better once you listen to it . `` Sang Real '' was my personal favorite from the album . The piano and funky drums were the first things that caught my attention in this track . Of course , the nice vocals yet again just further prove that when it comes to producing some sweet tracks , these guys know what 's going on . `` Hangover On A Tuesday '' broke away from the overall style of the album . It was a little bit faster , but I liked it . Not my favorite on the CD , but it 's good to have a little variety . `` Matroshka '' is the ending track for the album . Definitely another favorite track , it was a little faster , but a little better than `` Hangover On A Tuesday . '' I recognized the name of the track , too ; Matroshka dolls -LRB- as most people know -RRB- are those little Russian dolls of descending size . That 's what I get for my recent trip to Russia
 Dredg 's 2005 release `` Catch Without Arms '' is one of the biggest and boldest accomplishments in rock music in recent years . The bands greatest strength is an ability of bringing different ideas and musical styles together to form something unlike anything else out there today . The results are breath taking.First off , the vocals are amazing . Gavin 's voice is truely unique and beautiful . It has a sonic element were as his voice just seems to hover over you and slowly float into your ears in a most pleasing way.Another element of this album in the sonic realm is the guitar . Usually when a guitarist will choose to use a similar effect -LRB- in this case a sonic sounding combination of phaser and distortion -RRB- on the majority of the songs within one particular album it becomes stale and boring ; nothing could be furthur from the truth in this instance.The bass is such an interesting element as well as it goes from a seemingly random thumping to an almost understated elegance throughout changes in individual songs and throughout the album as a whole.And the drummer/keyboardist well what can I say . Not since Pink Floyd have I heard keyboards blend so well within a true rock band . And the drumming is at such a high energy nearly metal pace that you almost would n't believe worked with the rest of the sounds being created , yet it does so well.These elements individually are admirable for the best of musicians down to a novice rock music fan , but it 's the interplay and the blending of them that is so incredible . If you are anything like me in that you 're tired of all the generic sounding emo/scremo whatever bands and ca n't find much in rock music today to appreciate besides bands like audioslave or incubus ... dredg may well be just what you are looking for.So original , talented , and fun it truely is a breath of fresh air at incredibly stale time for rock lovers .
 I first checked out this band for the reason of my favorite G4 host 's band , so I spent some cash on it , and it 's officially the greatest 8 dollars ever spent.Every song just goes on on its own , melding a beautiful piece of work in each song structure . I can not wait to see what the horizon holds for Dredg , a band that absolutely deserves the mainstream attention .1 . Ode To The Sun - 5/52 . Bug Eyes - 5/53 . Catch Without Arms - 4/54 . Not That Simple - 5/55 . Zebraskin - 4/56 . The Tanbark Is Hot Lava - 5/57 . Sang Real - 4/58 . Planting Seeds - 4/59 . Spitshine - 4/510 . Jamais Vu - 5/511 . Hung Over On A Tuesday - 5/512 . Matroshka -LRB- The Ornament -RRB- - 5/5
 I would definitely recommend Catch Without Arms to anyone that is a fan of alternative music . Some of my favorites are
 When I herd them for thr first time they blew my mind I love them and they lyrics , I just love listing to good music !
 All I have to say is buy this album !!!! You will not I repeat WILL NOT be disappointed with this album . I have never heard of these guys before until I heard Bug Eyes . It was a cool song with a catchy tune . Honestly , I was in doubt about buying the album and so I said `` what the heck , buy it '' and so I did just that . Some of my favorite songs on here are Ode to the Sun , Bug Eyes , Not That Simple , and others . I recommend this album , so go out and pick it it up and buy it , you 'll like it .
 This album is a wonderful piece of work . Great production -- especially the drums , nice compressed snare . Great songwriting -- this goes without saying for anyone familiar with Dredg . The lyrics are spot-on -- every lyric fits perfect with everything . Go check out their earlier releases as well . It 's all good . I hope Dredg can continue to make good music in the otherwise terribly trendy and unoriginal industry.ps . to `` teerav '' -- > While I agree that this album is great , you really should check out the Silverchair CD , `` Diorama '' you were making fun of . It 's really really good man .
 I have been a Dredg fan for years now , the first CD I heard was El Cielo . It instantly sucked me in , beautiful melodies , deep and meaningful , even though sometimes hard to understand lyrics , and a very talented and distinguishable singer . The new CD Catch Without Arms started out very strongly with one of my favorite Dredg songs to date `` Ode to the sun '' but as I listened to it more I was slightly disappointed at first . The songs all seemed less artsy and progressive , more aimed at the mainstream . In general that is not a bad thing from most bands , I just did n't expect it from Dredg , although I do realize they need to make a living too . As I listened to it more however , I grew to appreciate it more , and found that a lot of the songs on this CD are very good , the only bad song being number 5 `` Zebraskin . I have grown to like this Cd just as much as El Cielo and it has probably spent just as much time in my cd player if not more than El Cielo , and just recently have been trying to get a hold of Leitmotif , which is also a completely different album than the other two , but definitely a classic . Catch Without Arms is definitely a different Dredg , but I think I can learn to live with it .
 This album as a whole is a step in a different direction from El Cielo , which is one of my favorite albums of all time . Catch Without Arms is a more optimistic album than the sleep-paralysis inspired El Cielo . Though the trademark haunting music and dark tones of Dredg is still there , the overall feel of the album is a little on the lighter side . The piano used in tracks like Sang Real reflect this , it 's tone and movements are more energetic and positive.My favorite tracks are Ode to the Sun , Catch Without Arms , and Sang Real . Many of the songs have a theme of self-introspective and the motivations and regrets that come with it . -LRB- at least , that 's the way I interpret the songs -RRB- If you are new to Dredg I would recommend their previous album , El Cielo , over this album . Though Catch Without Arms is still a very good album , El Cielo just carried a lot more power for me . Their debut , Leitmotif -LRB- which is formated almost like a set of movements in a classical piece of music -RRB- , is very rough and unrefined compared to the other 2 , but still worth a listen.Overall , I think Catch Without Arms is a great album . However it 's still second to El Cielo in my book ...
 This album displays the progress the Californian band has made over the past several years . Also , this is substantially different from El Cielo . Catch Without Arms blends Dredg 's harder type of rock origin with the progessive flavor of El Cielo . The result is something more tuneful , or what some dissatisfied critics call `` mainstream '' . Consumers usually listen to Dredg for its unique sound , and this album definitely shifts toward something more `` radio - friendly '' . However , this is not a bad thing . The album is just different from El Cielo , not worse . Rather than a sleep/unconscious theme , the album caters to an audience wanting to `` jam out '' -LRB- a more mainstream practice -RRB- . So this album shows the musical diversity of Dredg 's sound , not its lack of ingenuity . Still , many unique elements are embedded as subtleties with in the jam out sessions.Also , many of these songs have more direction and momentum than El Cielo . Whereas El Cielo often went off into some weird guitar riff in midsong , Catch Without Arms on the whole carries a more intense musical idea . This kind of foward-moving force in this latest album exemplifies Dredg 's ever-growing maturity.Only one complaint about the album
 Dredg is the kind of band that comes around very rarely to grace us with outstanding music . I will even go out on a limb to say that Dredg is the best band of the 2000s . If you like shallow peusdo-garage-punk or overly artsy indie crap then this album might not appeal to you . So you should just go into the corner and whine whilst listening to your precious Bright Eyes.First off , this album is NOT El Cielo . Bands these days are damned if they do and damned if they do n't . Fans complain about the lack instrumental pieces and argue that this album is up to the sonic par of Dredg 's preceeding works . In a way , there is basis for ridicule . But no Dredg fan would want another El Cielo . Progression is what is required . Dredg set out to make a different album . And they did.Now , we can explore the music itself . The disc opens up with the powerful `` Ode to the Sun '' , which has been in live sets for a while before the album came out . Definately an instant standout track worthy of radioplay in itself . Man , that chorus is so damn catchy . It is quickly followed by the anthemic `` Bug Eyes '' , which is the first single , rightfully so . The slide guitar intro adds a great rising feel . Gavin Hayes ' vocals clearly shine here.The next track really slows things down . `` Catch Without Arms '' , the title track , adds a dimmension of music that Dredg has recently tapped . It 's got a poppy feel and a catchy chorus and interesting guitar licks throughout . It 's a good track , but not specifically praiseworthy . Yet the next track , `` Not that Simple '' gives a great El Cielo feel with dreamy verses and a powerful chorus . It 's a great song , all in all . And then comes `` Zebra Skin '' . I personally find this song a dissapointment in many ways , but whatever.Then the album kicks into high-gear after those two iffy tracks at the begining . `` The Tanbark is Hot Lava '' slams into the heaviest moments of the album . It 's powerful and praisworthy in every way . Then after the dust settles , comes one of the best songs Dredg has ever written , titled `` Sang Real '' . I just plain love this song . It 's a beautiful , finely crafted track that could fit perfectly for the credits of a tragic movie . The chorus just melts me . It 's amazing.After the wonder that is `` Sang Real '' , the album is pretty much already awesome , so the rest is icing on the cake . `` Planting Seeds '' creates a beautiful atomsphere with a nice chorus that is very listenable . You 'll find yourself listening to it over and over again . The next song , `` Spitshine '' , really does n't stand out that much and is a classic rock song in general . Then comes the next best song on the cd , `` Jamais Vu '' . Brilliantly crafted and wonderfully performed , this song has the melting quality of `` Sang Real '' and the beauty that popular music can not touch . After `` Jamais Vu '' , the heavy-hitting `` Hungover on a Tuesday '' kicks in . It leads straight into Dredg 's most controversial song , `` Matroshka '' . I like this song personally , though many fans dub it a U2 clone and supremely disregard it as anything good . But I like it . The outro is especially great.So there you go . This is a great album worthy of recognition . Dredg is the future of music ... and it is a bright future I tell you .
 After seeing this band open the Taste of Chaos tour in Dayton , OH , I could hardly wait to get my hands on this album . Sure I had seen the video for `` Bug Eyes '' on Fuse , and yeah , I liked it , but was n't certain that a CD commitment was in our future . Now I 'm wishing that I had purchased the CD when it was a paltry $ 6.99 ! Let me first say , if you have any interest in progressive rock and Dredg happens to be playing near you , do n't pass up the opportunity because they are one of those rare bands who actually sound better live than on their record . And that 's not to say that the record is subpar ; it 's far from it . The vocals are absolutely haunting and while the lyrics are sometimes silly -LRB- `` that 's what you get when you play catch without arms '' -RRB- , they are at most time poignant . His voice is nearly flawless and after seeing them at the Taste of Chaos , I can confirm , little production is necessary with these boys . The voice and the music is truly this pristine . Overall , this album is a truly enjoyable listen , one which I turn to when i 'm reading on a Sunday afternoon or driving to work on a tremendously hectic day . If you 're into progressive rock , you can not live without this album !
 I bought this CD after seeing the video for Bug Eyes like a year ago and I really like this . Every song is great and the singer has a really great voice . The drumming is magnificent with great speed and sound . Their sound can be described as kind of mellow at times but also very emotional and heart wrenching . Very brilliant and smart lyrics.I saw these guys live and it was a great experience . THis singer sings perfectly on the album and in person.A truly overall good album , no skippable songs and a nice length of over 50 minutes , but I think it only deserves 4 stars because it isnt perfect , at times a bit too slow , Im usually into heavy music so this doesnt always do it for me .
 In making their previous album , `` El Cielo '' , Dredg were faced with a very difficult task . That is , following up a work of pure genius , at the risk of disappointing and alienating diehard fans . Now , I 'd say that topping `` El Cielo '' is damn near impossible , so with that in mind , they had two choices
 Dredg was a band I stumbled upon last year while reading reviews for Tool , so I decided to give them a chance . Well , it only took one listen of `` Sanzen 's '' chorus and I was completely blown away . Later , I discovered that the disc , `` El Cielo '' had so many more suprises , just like `` Catch Without Arms '' . Being a fan of prog/atmospheric/experimental rock I would say it 's very easy to see why I like Dredg so much . I definitely would n't say these guys are emo , the music is far too complex , and Gavin 's vocals are 100x better than any emo singer . He has a really beautiful voice , that at times cascades over the dreamy music like a waterfall.Onto the album ... the songs on this one keep in the same styleas other Dredg songs . That 's a good thing , the same old dreamy tremelo picking , technical beats , and of course that amazing voice from Gavin . I 'd also like to point out the piano on the song `` Sang Real '' . It adds a perfect atmosphere to the song , you could fall asleep right then and there . Another song I would like to give mention to is the first one , `` Ode to the Sun '' , which is a fantastic opener , with AMAZING atmospheres . Along with `` Sang Real '' , and `` Jamais Vu '' , they make up the highlights , or favorites in my opinion.The production is also very crisp and clear on this album as well . Terry Date did a fine job as a producer . I believe he also produced the Deftone 's albums ? I 'm not a big fan , but I specifically remember the fantastic song Passenger off of White Pony.If you 're new to Dredg , this is a fantastic album to start with , however , `` El Cielo '' is also an amazing piece of dreamlike art . You ca n't go wrong with Dredg . `` Catch Without Arms '' is certainly one of my favorites of 2005 . Thanks for reading .
 The main problem with listening to this cd is that much of the vocals and songs sound alike . The good thing is that they all sound pretty good . I can listen to every song and for the most part enjoy them , but in the distant future I can see myself getting tired of this cd -LRB- but hey , you will get tired of any song in general if you listen to them enough times -RRB- . I find that a lot of bands fall into the trap of making too much of a good thing . What sets Dredg apart is that they can get away with it in my opinion on this occasion .
 I 've heard this complaint before about other bands , too . God forbid dredg start getting a little radio play , anyway ! It 's about time we add to the very sparse sprinkles of quality we ever hear over the airwaves.After purchasing and then giving Catch Without Arms its requisite few spins , I must say , I ca n't be more impressed . What an easy album to absorb . The thing is , each time I listen , I find more and more rich subtleties , so I know I 'll be having this one in my player for a long time to come . Just as `` Ode to the Sun '' erupts from your speakers , trust me , you wo n't help but crack a smile.Also , I 'm pleased by all the positive reception yet surprised by all the negative comments . I really tried to not read any reviews about it before buying it , so I was surprised that this album was n't universally enjoyed . Kinda makes me wonder what exactly people want . Simply put , Catch Without Arms is dredg 's most listenable , and despite not really being as much of a concept or progressive album , their most accomplished-sounding album to date . And that 's a good thing!Leitmotif was ambitious , but stumbled at times . El Cielo took that ambition and made it work even better . Catch Without Arms takes everything characteristic of dredg and gives us 12 glowing gems from all those ingredients . The amazing thing about it all is that dredg 's signature sound has never been more evident.What upsets me most is when people are getting mad at dredg for adding ` pop ' elements such as catchy melodies and funky beats -- Zebraskin for example . Even this fan of Dillinger Escape Plan and Lamb of God can tell you that not all great music has to be a dissonant exploration of the darker sides of unconventional songwriting . As a matter of fact , I think I 'd be disappointed if we got Leitmotif , or even El Cielo , all over again.Bottom line , if you 're a consumer who 's a fan of Leitmotif or El Cielo , expect to hear all of the great elements of dredg
 But , this album is pretty good - I would have given it 3.5 stars . It 's obvious that this is Dredg 's pop album . The trademark Dredg sound is there , but it also comes with the hooks , and catchy choruses . If that 's not your thing - be warned - do n't buy this album . If you like music , and can give anything a listen , this is a great listen . It 's got some great tracks , some great guitar work and great ... choruses.The greatest thing about ` Catch Without Arms ' is that it ` s very paradoxical - if that makes any sense . How can you catch something , without arms ? The title of the album is referring to the catchiness of pop music , and its utter lack of sentiment . So here is Dredg , a band that produces beautifully crafted music - beautiful lyrics and really has never been considered pop artists , putting out a pop record.The title track best represents this paradox . It 's a catchy track about writing catchy music , and not putting any feeling into it - and also how ` they ' are not like this . The singer says `` sing about love/sing about lust/so they can feel it/so they can sing it '' . . But they ARE like this - ` Catch Without Arms ' is an attempt to release a catchy album - is the sentiment there , well ... that 's up to the listener . I do n't think the talented musicians in Dredg care . This album sounds like they were forced to make it . But , as I said - they make the best of it.Standout tracks are : Bug Eyes - Starts off with this great wall of guitar rush - and then morphs into a cookie cutter pop rock track - but that wall of guitar comes in and saves the day.Catch Without Arms - I think this song is self aware , and that 's the great thing about Dredg 's music on this album - it 's aware that its catchy and poppy.Tanbark is Hot Lava - Another good thing about this album is that it 's a faster moving album than their previous releases - this track best captures the movement of this album - this is the best track on the album . Well maybe the next track is ... Sang Real - A great pop song . Great chorus , great great great , show me a person who does n't like this track and I will show you a liar . If it 's not your thing , I can understand but I think everyone can appreciate this one.Jamais Vu - Again fast moving , high wall of guitars - seeing a pattern?Hung Over on a Tuesday - Fast moving , wall of guitars ... haha.My review may make it sound boring , but Dredg 's SOUND is what keeps you interested - it 's what makes them a great band .
 I absolutely adore Heart and had n't heard this album in years ! I actually purchased it for my mom and it has n't left her CD player since .
 Now to start off there are two types of heart fans.There 's the early Heart fans 1976-1983 , and then there middle/later heart 1985-1993 . I 'm one of few or maybe many who thought there best album was this one.They shed that 70 's sound entirely and went full throttle into the 80 's melodic Rock/Metal sound.The front picture on the album says it all.They became 100 % Hair/Melodic metal band.After this album though it was downhill I have to admit.In 1987 , Bad Animals did just as good , but it lacked the toughness that this album has ! 1 . If Looks Could Kill -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- Excellent song.Nancy is one of the best guitarists.This song rocks ! 2 . What About Love -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Their big radio hit from 85 . I 'm sure you 've heard this one ! 3 . Never -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- Holly Knight -LRB- of Spider and Device -RRB- co-wrote this song and played the keyboards on this one.A great rocker with a catchy chorus!Holly Knight has wrote some great songs ! 4 . These Dreams -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- Another ballad of this album.Not Bad , but I never thought it was there best ballad .5 . The Wolf -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Tough and fun anthem rocker.Ann 's voice sounds great on this one.More fierce guitar work by Nancy ! 6 . All Eyes -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- A very fun song.Holly Knight also co-wrote this one as well.This song 's alive with that 80 's sound ! 7 . Nobody 's Home -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- Another ballad.Not bad , but not the best.Fans of 80 's Heart will love this one most likely ! 8 . Nothin at All -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- Not bad.A lot of bars across the country always have this one on the jukebox ! 9 . What he Do n't Know -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- More of the same , another ballad type song ! 10 . Shell Shock -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Fast and tough rocker.Nicely done!The fans of 80 's music and 80 's Heart fans will love this one.This is a fine example of a time when music was good unlike today!For the price this cd is going for I say tha it 's worth owning for your collection.It has some cool songs that are party favorites , well at least my partyn favorites !
 I 'm not a rock snob ; I just think Ann Wilson is sexy . I always liked this album ; my favorite song is `` Nothin at All . '' Until I got the CD , I listened to the cassette edition . I was disappointed to hear that at least two of the tracks , `` Never '' and my favorite , had been replaced with different takes . In the case of `` Never , '' I do n't really care , since the replacement sounds essentially the same as the original . But the original track for `` Nothin at All '' is definitely preferable to its replacement . First , it 's not as clean
 I was given this by a friend who disliked their at the time `` modern '' sound revamped for the 80 's . I felt the opposite , adding this cd to my permanent favorites immediately . The hits `` What About Love '' . . the near misses `` Shell Shock '' run the full course from ballads to head banging rockers and anyone who likes their `` modern '' sound needs to get the albums `` Passionworks '' and `` Bad Animals '' as well .
 4 out of 5 stars . This is classic '80s . These Dreams and What About Love are terrific tracks . I know their early stuff is classic and a lot of people slam this . I do n't care . It fit with the time it was released and was better than most of the other stuff out there then . I love this album . This along with Dire Straits Brothers in Arms are my favorite two non metal/hairband albums from the '80s . I give them credit for re-inventing themselves and keeping relevant .
 Great heart songs which are not anything like Madonna ! My favs are the wolf/all eyes/if looks could kill/never/these dreams/what about love Sonme songs have a little bit too much heavy guitar bordering on hard rock which I 'm not used to , but this is a cd wirth getting !!
 After 1984 's unjustly underrated Passionworks , their last record with Columbia , Heart was ready to throw in the towel , but a new record deal with Capitol Records , plus having Ron Nevison produce their album gave the Seattle group , by then consisting of sisters Ann and Nancy Wilson , guitarist Howard Leese , bassist Mark Andes , and drummer Denny Carmassi . The smoother streamlined sound resulted in Heart 's biggest selling album ever , as it yielded five singles , four of which hit the Top Ten.The one single that stalled in the Top 60 was the guitar-heavy `` If Looks Could Kill '' about Ann giving a big piece of mind to an unfaithful one
 Could n't ask for a better transaction . Shipped super fast and item was as described !
 When I think of Heart 's 1985 self-titled album , I feel it should be renamed `` Resurgence '' ! Meaning , this was their `` comeback '' album after what everyone thought they were just wilting and fading away several years earlier . It seems like when Heart was popular with `` Dreamboat Annie '' ten years earlier , they were on top to stay . However , when the 1980s began , many rock artists were forgotten and to never be heard from again . Not Heart ! Sure , they were lost in the early 80s because of the MTV explosion and the world was living on `` Thriller '' . Capitol 's bold gamble paid off
 In 1985 , Heart made their Capitol Records debut with their self-titled album . The band themselves debuted in 1976 on Epic . They were dropped from Epic in 1983 , following the release of PASSIONWORKS . Bass guitarist Mark Andes was a member of the disbanded Firefall , whose hits included JUST REMEMBER I LOVE YOU and YOU ARE THE WOMAN . Now for the songs : WHAT ABOUT LOVE is a hard-rocker featuring Starship 's Grace Slick on background vocals . IF LOOKS COULD KILL was a minor hit . NEVER is another hard-rocker . THESE DREAMS is considered adult comtemporary . NOTHING AT ALL sounds cool . All the other songs are very good .
 You ca n't go wrong with this one if you like powerful melodic rock from the 1980 's . Sure the critics will tell you that this was the beginning of Heart 's sellout . However , the quality of the songs can not be denied . `` If Looks Could Kill '' just screams with attitude -- the song flat out rocks . Anyone who is familiar with this band knows how great the 4 top 10 hit off this album are -LRB- `` What About Love '' , `` Never '' , `` These Dreams '' , and `` Nothing At All '' -RRB- . But such tracks as `` All Eyes '' and `` Shell Shock '' also rock , and `` Nobody Home '' is nearly as good a ballad as `` These Dreams '' in my estimation . All in all a fantastic listen -- if the rock from this era is your thing .
 I never really paid much attention to Heart until I heard this album . All songs have excellent song structure and lyrical content . Ann & Nancy 's voices are operatic and angelic . Furthermore , this album is responsible for making Howard Leese one of my favorite guitarists . It has stood the test of time as well . After 15 years the music is fresh and timeless and beats the crap out of any of the mindless , sappy pablum being produced by any of the marginally talented artists of today .
 This is the best Heart album ever made in my opinion . I grew up listening to Heart and I still listen to them . I saw Ann and Nancy in concert last year they were awsome as usual . My favorite song is `` These Dreams '' . Another good song is `` What About Love '' . Heart has had numerous # 1 hits and it 's amazing people still love to listen to them .
 Well , it may seem impossible , but one could certainly argue the case with Heart 's self-titled album . Released in the middle of a decade that made Heart 's earlier material irrelevant to most mainstream audiences , Heart found themselves back on the map in a huge way . Their debut , 1976 's Dreamboat Annie , had established a band who could flaunt their ability to play hard rock and folk rock and mix things like moogs and flutes into their music . Basically , everything that was wildly popular in the 70 's . They also really helped show us how hard chicks could still rock.What Dreamboat Annie did for the 70 's , their self-titled album , the 8th in their studio line , did for the 80 's . Teaming up with some professional songwriters and producer Ron Nevison -LRB- Europe , Ozzy Osbourne , KISS , Survivor , Jefferson Starship , Chicago , etc. -RRB- , Ann and Nancy Wilson reinvented their look and sound for the decade and produced their best-selling album , their first and only album to reach no. 1 , and their first no. 1 single . The first four tracks -LRB- all of which were released as singles -RRB- give a good taste of what Heart would offer up on this album.You get your upbeat , energetic , chugga-chugga hard rock guitar riff in opener `` If Looks Could Kill . '' Then `` What About Love '' gives you a melancholy , mid-tempo , lyrically-heartfelt ballad , but in spite of those characteristics it is filled with emotion that only Ann can deliver in song and music that helps her cause immensely . Next is `` Never , '' which is yet another ballad . This time , however , the sad sound is replaced with a more upbeat , happy feel . Synths are very big in all these songs , much like moogs and flutes in their early material . Arena Rock bands were big on hard rockers , but at the same time always hit it real big on the charts with the ballads.The band 's first no. 1 single came in the form of `` These Dreams , '' and given the time of this album 's release it is not at all hard to see why . For one thing all the instrumental leads are synths . The drums are electric too , and only the vocals and bass are not synthesized . This is perhaps the most mellow of all Heart 's songs . For a long time I myself refused to even consider it a song of theirs , but it became a convincing factor in my purchase of this album . This song truly shows what Nevison 's synth-happy production can do for bands
 This was one of my favorite tapes back in the 80 's from one of my favorite bands . Of the 10 tracks on the album , I can honestly say that I still love five of them , 20 years later .
 Heart 's self-titled album is not Heart 's first one . Their first album was `` Dreamboat Annie '' . However , after about 10 years these two women release one of their best albums . The opening song `` If Looks Could Kill '' is really rocking and after that there 's many great songs , and you could almost say that this is an ultimate fem-rock album ... but then the ninth track `` What He Do n't Know '' proves to be so basic rock . The ballads `` These Dreams '' and `` Nobody Home '' are great ones , as well as `` What About Love '' , `` The Wolf '' , `` Shell Shock '' , `` All Eyes '' , and `` Never '' which are great classic rock songs . `` Nothin ' at All '' has great `` echo sounds '' which were later copies by The Corrs . This is a great hard rock album although not so similar to `` Dreamboat Annie '' . Stars
 I liked this album since it debuted . The radio stations in Chicago played the hell out of the singles . 9 good songs . The only one I did n't care for is '' What He Do n't Know '' . Ann was gaining alot of weight around this time and in the video 's her body is blocked by props on stage or the camera zooms in for jsut head shots of her singing . She 's still got a strong , powerful voice .
 heart is still beating after all these years . yes , they did have hits in the '70s with magic man , dreamboat annie , baracuda , straight on , and dog and butterfly . yes , by the early '80s , they did n't have anymore hits , but that 's how the music business goes . yes , by 1985 , they were ready to strike again . yws , they did have 4 top 10 hits from this great album.those hits were what about love -LRB- # 10 -RRB- , never -LRB- # 4 -RRB- , these dreams -LRB- # 1 -RRB- , and nothin ' at all -LRB- # 10 -RRB- . yes , this album did hit # 1 and sell in the millions . does that answer all of your questions ? yes , this review is over . thank you and have fun . ed wilson
 I honestly think that the first song I ever heard was either `` If Looks Could Kill '' or `` What About Love '' . At the time , I would 've only been two or three but my older brother and sister had this record . I stole it from one of them and ever since Heart has been my favorite band of all time . This album is without a doubt their best work ever . The only slight weak spot being `` Nobody Home '' but it 's still a good song . It just does n't fit the album very well . Ann 's voice is raw and ethereal and the way Nancy plays the guitar is too great for words . So if you love this kind of music . Then you must have this record in your collection.Also Recommended
 In late 1984 , after Ann Wilson had success with Mike Reno -LRB- lead singer of Loverboy -RRB- on their duet `` Almost Paradise '' , for the 1984 film , `` Footloose '' , Heart regrouped with Ann Wilson , Nancy Wilson , Howard Leese , Mark Andes , and Denny Carmassi to start recording another album . Their last two albums had flopped and they had decided to go in another direction
 This is the album that brought Heart back on top of the scene . They scored many top ten hits here and there first number one hit `` These Dreams '' . I personally think this is there best work to date and has some of the best songs on it . `` Never '' is my favorite song on the album . I am not a huge Heart fan so it does not bother me as much they sold out but as long as they made good music it does n't really matter . i recommend this album as Heart 's best album to date .
 At the time this was originally released , I worked in a retail store in a department adjoining the music section . They used to play these tracks all the time . After a while , I was kind of brainwashed . It got good to me , so I bought the tape.The tape always annoyed me , because it was so ... linear . Could n't skip the nasty tracks for the good ones easily . This CD release helps a lot with that . On the other hand , I only just bought the CD , and I stopped listening to the tape 10 years ago . It took me that long to remember to buy the CD version.My favorite tracks for `` These Dreams '' , `` What About Love '' , and `` Never '' . This CD is about as pure 1980s rock as anything I can think of . Buy it if that 's what you 're looking for .
 Heart was back , and bigger than ever . ` Heart ' was a last ditch effort to keep the band together . If it failed , Heart would no longer exist . Well history shows what happened.MTV made four videos for this album , and they made Nancy Wilson every teenager 's dream girl . Ann was always my favorite sister and she looked real good too . MTV milked this album for all it was worth , and Heart was now an official ' 80 's band ' , like it or not . This album brought a breath of life into their career that seemed to be standing still.Besides the singles , I always liked ` The Wolf ' , but ` Shell Shock ' was by far the hardest , loudest , most rockin ' tune on the whole album .
 very happy with product . received in great shape . shipping was excellent time wise.a 5 star for amazon . always check them out when shopping for almost anything . books and cds are especially a super deal with options .
 One of the 80s rock bands that capture my ears !!! It 's pity that they are almost retiring soon ...
 I 've loved this item since I first heard it in -LSB- ... -RSB- th grade . And am still a loyal fan . I know Gilby Clark used to play with them and wondered if anyone knew what albums or years he was with the band ? I 'll check reviews regularly to see if anyone has the answer .
 What The Cure was to new wave/punk , Heart was to rock n ' roll . These songs overflowed with all the passion , excitement , romance and love that typical meat and potatoes , male rockstars of the era , felt too embarrassed to express . On this album , Heart is easy listening , hard rock , and progressive new wave pop , all at the same time . There 's an excellent balance of guitar and synth with thrillingly uplifting moments and heart-melting ballads . The Wilson sister 's vocals are lush throughout , but what really stands out are the songs themselves . `` If Looks Could Kill '' , is a solid dramatic rocker . `` What About Love '' , is a dynamic ballad that features Grace Slick on backround vocals . Howard Leese lays a fine guitar solo . The last half minute pulsates double time with unbelievable excitement and conviction . You 'll continue to hear the song in your head even after you turn off your stereo . `` Never '' , is sexy and serious at the same time.Written by Bernie Taupin , `` These Dreams '' , has to be among the very best ballads of the 80 's . This is Heart at its most romantic and seductive . It 's medieval lyrical imagery gives it a timeless appeal . The song emblazons a gorgeous fantasy world upon your emotions . It 's a better four minutes than any drug could ever give you . `` The Wolf '' , uses primal imagry to put down the unwanted advances of sleazy guys . It 's guitar solo will floor you with a determined and indomitable hopefullness ! `` All Eyes '' , scores again with an alternately sexy seductiveness and lovestruck passion . `` You do n't have to say a word to get a hold of me/take me ... shake me/Burning gravity baby/Look at me , look at me '' . What guy would n't love to hear those words from his girlfriend ? And there 's another triumphant guitar solo that 's brimming with happiness . The plaintive ballad , `` Nobody Home '' , is beautiful . `` Nothin ' At All '' , has a pure pop genius . It 's got that top of the world , 80 's happiness to it . The guitar solo is simple yet very satisfying . The almost country , `` What He Do n't Know '' , is a decent soft rock ballad . The closer , `` Shell Shock '' , is a bit cheesy , but displays an ample pop rock sensibility.This album is very happy , warm , and hopefull . But unlike the shallowness of most pop music , it 's happy in a deep and meaningful way . When you feel like the daily grind has bled away your passion , this album is the antidote .
 Some Heart fans like to pretend that 1985 's self-titled Heart album never happened , but the band 's makeover as a keyboard-heavy AOR act gave their career a much needed shot in the arm , as well as some much deserved attention . Between the hitmakers brought in to contribute on songwriting to the shiny 80 's production job , the band 's self-titled album was as good an AOR album as you could hope for , and featured some of the band 's biggest hits.Sure , the band `` sold out '' and the material on Heart is much more radio friendly than their early material , but we 're not exactly talking Starship 's `` We Built This City '' here . The tracks on Heart are well-crafted pop songs that are written to take full advantage of the Wilson sisters ' considerable talents . I was blown away by the glorious , dramatic `` What About Love '' and `` These Dreams , '' and the infectious `` Never '' and `` Nothin ' At All '' two decades ago -LRB- God , has it really been that long ? -RRB- and am just as impressed today.I can see how old-school Heart fans could have a problem with this album , but this is the Heart I grew up with , so I 'll always consider it a classic album .
 If there was a recording or type of music that represents the music of my life it would be mid - '80s Heart music . This music affected me more than any other recordings I ever bought . I have never listened to a recording so many times as I did this 1985 release after buying it.It 's a high-powered rock recording with power ballads mixed in . I saw a Heart arena stage show in Norfolk , VA in September of 1985 and may lightning strike me dead if I am not 101 % honest in saying that I have never been so stunned , impressed , blown away , awestruck , mesmerized , or captivated by anything in life like I was by Ann Wilson 's lightning bolt performance and stupendously glorified stage appearance along with Heart 's incredible stage energy and unmatched professionalism in the live execution of this 1985 recording.Every song on here is good . Too bad there is n't a DVD of Heart 's 1985 music . Over twenty years ago this recording came out and I am still so profoundly affected by this recording & Heart 's 1985 show . Ann & Nancy really struck gold recording these songs and their live ` 85 performance put me in a state of awe that I never felt before or after this show . I have never been thrilled like that by anything ever ! Heart 's 1985 recording is more than just music to me , it was an unforgettable life experience that 's part of me forever . This CD is a memory picture of that experience.Hopefully a Heart 1985 CD will come out that has bonus mid 1980s songs on it -LRB- like `` Love Takes Over '' which is on youtube as of 2011 -RRB- . I still have the cassette for this recording and can attest that this cd sounds like instruments are missing or severely faded especially on `` If Looks Could Kill . '' Something is n't right with the process that put this recording on a cd .
 In 1985 , the veteran 70 's hard rock band Heart released their first album on Capital Records . Titled simply Heart , the album represented a new direction for the band fronted by sisters Ann and Nancy Wilson . In the late 70 's , Heart had found a very successful commercial niche with their blend of Led Zepplin influenced hard rock combined with some folk influenced acoustic ballads . But the early 80 's proved to be a rough time for the band , as their style of music fell out of commercial favor and the group was rocked with line up changes that saw them first reduced from 6 members to 5 members with the departure of original lead guitarist Roger Fisher , then the replacement of the bands rhythm section . By 1984 , their previous label had released the band from its contract.Fortunately they were picked up by Capital . But the band , its management and its label all knew that if they were to get back in the game , they would have to make changes . Heart abandoned their Led Zep meets Joni Mitchell sound in which the Wilson sisters took charge of writing most of the material . Instead , the band produced more radio friendly pop rock material , with many of the songs written or co-written by professional songsmiths such as Billy Steinberg/Tom Kelly , Bernie Taupin and Diane Warren . In addition , to promote the new material , the band glammed up their appearance for music videos and the directors made prominent use of the Wilson Sister 's cleavage , especially Nancy Wilson 's , as lead singer Ann battled with her weight during this era . These changes would prove controversial with many of the band 's original fanbase and this created a split that exists to this day , with some fans only preferring the 70 's material , while others like all their material . However the gambit worked and won the band a whole new generation of fans , many of whom were not familiar with the band 's previous musical incarnation and thus forming a third fanbase.Despite the change in direction , certain elements remained the same
 One of my favorite things from the 1980 's was the synth-heavy pop-rock of Heart . Wow , how I love this album . Chock full of that classic 80 's lite rock sound , with fantastic Ann and Nancy Wilson vocals . All around great stuff .
 There really is n't any reason I can rationalize it , but this is a landmark 80 's album in the same mode the recording `` Boston '' is to 70 's albums . It just sounds huge , a Phil Spectorish `` wall of sound ''
 I got this CD way back when it first came out and I still enjoy it . It 's a departure from the other Heart albums I owned , more shiny synthetic pop rock than their previous old school rock . But almost all the songs are good , some very good , and the new sound works great . Ann and Nancy still shine through regardless.Here 's a list of the songs on my version since I do n't see them listed on the main page : If Looks Could KillWhat About LoveNeverThese DreamsThe WolfAll EyesNobody HomeNothin ' At AllWhat He Do n't KnowShell Shock
 If one word could describe `` the 80 's '' it would have to be HEART . this cd brings back memories of when I was growing up and I would hear songs like `` These Dreams '' on the radio . Today when I that song it I co n't get enough of it , I will never forget this song . If you love 80 's music then I highly reccomend that you get this cd
 This CD is absolutely fabulous . With songs like `` Never '' , `` These Dreams '' , `` Nothing At All '' it is one of a long long list of great , awesome recordings by Ann and Nancy Wilson . I have never been disappointed by any music Heart has recorded . This CD is definitely one you want in your CD collection !!! It 's a must have !!
 I love this cd ! I never get tired of the songs , especially `` Never '' . It 's got both fast as well as slow rock which can get you on your feet or put you in another world . No matter what , this will always be my favourite album .
 I could n't find my original copy of this music -LRB- a cassette tape -RRB- so ordered the CD on Amazon . This is one of their best albums .
 Had this as a young adult , loved it then and still love it now!Thanks for having this available to purchase .
 It arrived in great condition-just like advertised.I really like this album , I really missed it and am very glad to have it back in my collection !
 This album came out and re newed my interest in them.This album spawned @ least 3 songs that were attacking the FM airwaves daily when it was released but the other songs on here cook to . Never is a great song as well as the slow burner Nobody Home and the Wilson sisters just smolder . Take the song Shell Shock , it sounds like Dokken , this batch of songs by Heart feels like they had a new sense of urgency and a new found energy.The last thing they did I liked up to this point was Bad Animals . Great band , I just wish the Wilson sisters would put out a Led Zeppilin cover Cd because nobody covers Led Zep like they do .
 Classical band , great Heart , whcih grouped as long as I was born.I live in China , it 's a kind of `` long '' time in waiting for the CD 's delivery.And it was worthy to wait . `` Good is good , it 's never too late '' .
 Had this one on vinyl back then . These girls know what rock and roll is ! This IS HEART at their best -LSB- in the 80 's -RSB- . Not only the 5 singles on this album make it awesome but , the other songs are very good ! I can tell by other critics that they must expect perfection consistently . Well man , it 's ROCK AND ROLL and it 's `` HEART '' . Just one of the best in the business ! They need NO critics ! My opinion is that this album ROCKS ! It 's one of the girls best . LOVE YA GIRLS!ROCK ON ! P.S. CA N'T GO WRONG HERE .
 Heart `` Heart '' # 1 -LRB- 1985 -RRB- . The airbrushed Heart on the cover of their debut album with Capitol in 1985 , was quite a shock , but the music is what mattered and they delivered . The album begins with the synth rocker `` If Looks Could Kill '' , # 54 hot 100 , they reached the top 10 again -LRB- after 5 years -RRB- with the power ballad `` What About Love '' , # 10 hot 100 and # 3 MSR . `` Never '' , # 4 hot 100 and # 2 MSR is a nice little pop rocker . Sister Nancy sings on the sleepy power ballad `` These Dreams '' , # 1 hot 100 -LRB- their first # 1 -RRB- and # 2 MSR . The 80 's sounding hard rock of `` Wolf '' , `` All Eyes '' and `` Shell Shock '' . You also get the not mentioned enough `` Nobody Home '' . `` Nothin ' At All '' , # 10 hot 100 and # 6 MSR another fine pop-rocker . The only song that does n't hit home was `` What He Do n't Know '' . They would come back two years later in 1987 with `` Bad Animals '' .
 While I do believe Heart 's self-titled 9th album was a monumental success for the band , I do n't believe it should be considered the `` Comeback album '' . The band had hit some hard times with it 's two previous releases , but those albums were so misunderstood by the public at their time of release . Both `` Private Audition '' and `` Passionworks '' now should , and are revered by the die-hard fans like myself for their boldness , and pardon the pun , heart . Heart the album is very well produced and written , my only problem with it is that most of the material was not written by the stellar writing team of Ann Wilson , Nancy Wilson , and Sue Ennis . This album although not a strong creative effort by Heart is still has an awesome sound and should be a staple in even the casual Heart fan 's music library . So what are you waiting for , BUY IT !!! Highlights include
 heart 's self titled debut album is amongst my best along with dreamboat annie and it contains my favourite song what about love.i recommend that you get both these brilliant albums.five stars .
 When Heart decided to return to the fold , boy did they know how to do it . Not only did the Wilson sisters look totally gorgeous -LRB- Nancy practically makes love to her guitar as she throws her legs around in the videos for this album -RRB- but they selected a series of songs which reflected the popularity of soft rockl at the time without abandoning their vocal & musical prowess . 5 million album sales later proved that Heart had returned with style , while delivering both a commercial & gutsy opus . What are now rock classix , These Dreams -LRB- US no. 1 & UK Top 10 -RRB- & What About Love -LRB- US & UK Top 10 -RRB- are contained here , plus the uplifting Never -LRB- US & UK Top 10 -RRB- . The album is consistent , with some gorgeous songs such as Nobody Home & some really gutsy rockers , such as If Lools Could Kill -LRB- which remains a live ! favourite -RRB- & Nothin ' At All -LRB- another US Top 10 hit -RRB- . The only really awful track is The Wolf , which tries hard to be uniques , but is really dreadful . The fportunate thing is that al other 9 tracks are that good , that you forgive Heart that mishap . Moreover , considering the immense leap in their creative & commercial fortunes on this album , the album is destined to be a classic anyway !
 I grew up listening to Heart on the radio and now they 're still one of my favorite groups and my favorite female group of all time without a doubt . This is their best album that they made in my opinion . `` These Dreams '' and `` Nothin ' At All '' have got to be 2 of my favorite songs ever.All the other songs , even the ones that were n't hits , are also good . If you 're a Heart fan I recommend picking this one up without a second thought . If you can find it , I would also recommend getting These Dreams
 While some think ` Heart ' was nothing more than pop record are just wrong ! This is one of rocks finest moments ! Heart rocked with this lp in 1985 and introduced them to a wider audience , Four big hits ! Ann & Nancy and the band picked strong material for this project and 21yrs later -LRB- wow -RRB- it still hold up ! -LRB- two of the girls on american idol have done good covers of two of the songs -RRB- , even the cover photo was hot !
 After the self titled album was released , Hearts ' domination of female rock was thundered home . Sadly , Heart went back into the studio and ruined a couple of songs , changing the guitar solo entirely on `` Nothing At All '' , adding some overdriven guitar power chords and changing vocal parts in `` Never '' . Do not buy the Original Recording version thinking you are getting the original recording either . Heart felt that the songs were too reliant on keyboards and synths after the fact , went back into the studio and added more guitars and even changing vocals . ie in `` Never '' Ann originally sang the part ` walk those legs right over here ' . After the studio revisit , it turned into a pouty , kinda spoken command ` walk those legs right over here . If you search hard enough , you might find an old cassette of the original recording . I do n't know how to differentiate before buying , so good luck . Not to be nitpicking , but when you get used to hearing a certain version , you do n't want it changed .
 heart 's self titled album is theit best album along with dreamboat annie and features the killer song what about love.the other songs are great too and the wilson sisters are superb on this album.highly recommended .
 For me , this is the one that started my love for Heart 's music . This album is a true classic . In my own personal opinion , this is Heart 's best album . I just love the fusion of keyboards and synthesizers with those trademark , vintage hard driving guitars on this album . 10 songs , and all are great . The # 1 hit `` These Dreams '' and the top 10 hit `` What About Love '' are 2 of my all-time favs , and 2 awesome power ballads . Howard Leese 's guitar solo in `` What About Love '' is just timeless . Nancy stepped behind the mic on `` These Dreams '' , and she pulled off one of the most magical , spell-binding , haunting , mystical and beautiful ballads of all-time . `` If Looks Could Kill '' , `` Shell Shock '' and `` The Wolf '' are 3 fast hard-rockers with blistering guitars , and Ann with her vintage soaring , powerful vocals . `` Never '' is great , as well as `` Nothin ' At All '' , both are mid-tempo rockers with a great beat . `` Nobody Home '' is great , and a tragically overlooked song . If you 're a fan of Heart , you probably already own this classic . If you 're new to Heart , you must add this one to your collection . Ann and Nancy rule ! Rock on !
 This CD is one of my favorites . The hits are good , however , the rockin ' tune `` If Looks Could Kill '' really pumps out the rock . You could just hear and feel the anger in the lyrics . I loved this CD when it was first released and I continually return to it . I have been a Heart fan since the 70 's , and feel this is their last good release . After this they lost their sound , and became more `` pop '' motivated . They were the first female rockers to break the male barrier in the rock world . They are still a favorite of mine .
 With the Hammond Organ Company / B-3 organ 's end-of-life production in 1975 , the decline of soul organ jazz had already started in favour of lightweight electronic keyboards and synthesizers . Many great organist tried to adapt to a the new area and genres with little success . As a consequence of the market conditions and popularity of the Hammond B-3 organ , Richard `` Groove '' Holmes cut his last critically acclaimed `` Broadway '' album on Muse in 1980 . A 19 year soul organ recording career had come to an end . Ironically , a new generation Hammond B-3 youngsters like Joey DeFrancesco and Barbara Dennerlein had in the late ` 80 's rediscovered the joy of blues and bop and made the organ sound cool and chic . The Hammond B-3 was back in business . Also the the older soul organ generation.Holmes made a remarkable return to Muse in 1988/89 and recorded five great albums which became very popular to new and young listeners . `` Hot Tat '' became the last official recording from the organ maestro Holmes under his own name before his untimely passing in 1991 , only 60 years old . Holmes five albums on Muse is regarded as his peak career performances along with the Prestige years . Later in his career Holmes preferred the sextet/septet format when recorded , so unsurprisingly `` Hot Tat '' is an all star session from Holmes using Muse `` house musician '' tenor great Houston Person , soul organ guitarist Jimmy Ponder , trumpeter Cecil Bridgewater , electric bass maestro Wilbur Boscomb , congas Ralph Dorsey and soul drummer Greg Bandy . Holmes using a electric bass player ? Fans of Holmes fantastic bass lines and pedal work can relax . Like Holmes funky albums on Blue Note where the electric bass had a dominant role to support the funky soul beats like in the jazz rock groups at the time , Holmes uses Boscomb 's bass technique successfully on the ultra funky James Brown ` ish `` Rene '' and the non-horn `` Hot Tat '' where Holmes use all dynamics and registrations `` available '' on the organ when outlining tough and tender solos and funky support of Jimmy Ponder . The lovely ballads `` Love Letters '' and `` Polka Dots and Moonbeams '' , supported by Person on tenor sax , exhibits the great balladry skills from Holmes and listen to his bass lines . Just amazing . Unfortunately there was no `` Second time Around '' for Holmes reborn career , he ends this album where he started in 1961 - straight ahead soul jazz containing all of the Holmes organ trademarks that thousands of fans still enjoy listening to .
 This is the Groove Holmes disc to get ! The entire disc is loaded with great music ; `` I Love Your Smile '' alone is worth the price , but there 's much more . Get this ; you 'll be glad you did .
 This music is wonderful and it has a message that is worthwhile . I highly recommend it to all . We met Shawn Michael Perry and he is a wonderful person with great vision . He will go far and help many people .
 I have to say I 'm as impressed with the packaging as I am with the music inside it . For roughly the price of a single CD you get both a CD and a DVD . The full hour and a half mix on DVD is in 5.1 surround , and there are visual cues on screen that show you which tracks are being mixed in and out , so you get a glimpse of Hawtin 's editing processes . There are also two videos , a long excerpt from from one of Hawtin 's shows , and an interview in which Hawtin discusses how he made the mix . Finally , a high quality MP3 -LRB- without DRM -RRB- of the entire release is included for mobile listening . I think this release really shows the way to avoid/discourage piracy -- not by threatening and using onerous software protections , but by being generous and giving music fans a real value for their money .
 For many techno as a word carries a bad stigma . Among modern youth it is associated with obnoxious throbbing music played at a gym , elevator , or clothing store . In this context , Techno displaces the listener from accomplishing his main purpose for occupying that space . Therefore , by existing it annoys the casual listener.The definition of techno is often misconstrued as well . Its associated currently with a very narrow but popular genre called Progressive House . This genre incorporates elements of techno , trance , and house music . All three of these genres are distinct however . Techno by itself is a drum machine beat looped over many keyboard and other electronic devices . -LRB- this definition is intentionally simple ; I believe its a lot more -RRB- This sound represents , for many , the urban wasteland of Detroit and other cities full of warehouses and urban decay . As a primarily underground medium , those who know it best will rarely use the term techno by instead using its prognosticators -LRB- Hawtin among the best -RRB- as signifiers of a certain sound . Thus the word by itself and in context can not be denotated simply.Techno heroes , such as Hawtin , must accept this definition nonetheless and move the genre forward . Hawtin advances techno -LRB- distinct from his Plastikman moniker -RRB- by employing the party atmosphere into the armchair listener . His success in this medium , in my opinion , is so complete that his albums will create new sonic documents of certain spaces and times . A chief example is in the liner notes of the first DE9 , Hawtin suggests that the listener enjoy this disc en route from Detroit to Ann Arbor via I94 -LRB- A route which connects with Belleville -- home to Derrick May -RRB- To be sure , sonic inferences to place and time such as these elevate him to the level of genius in the minds of many fans.Whether a genius or not this latest offering is a sample of a transition between the tracks of his youth and moving toward another point in his life . Having spun in nightclubs since the age of 17 , Hawtin 's immersion into the club culture has now occupied his entire adult life . This release , from my initial listen , charts the incredible career through tracks of Hawtin 's many professional phases of existence.And it is a fascinating snapshot . The shreds of different pieces are interwoven so well that the listener can not help but become transfixed . By purchasing this CD a veteran will be able to pick out the bits and enjoy a master at his craft . For early techno fan it is a chance to erase misconceptions about techno . More importantly by sitting and admiring the work a listener will be able to appreciate the care and dedication techno musicians cling to in order to forward their craft.This release , regardless of what purists will tell you about Ableton beat matching , is a major step forward for the genre as much as it is a fascinating glimpse into the mind of a great techno purveyor .
 Richie Hawtin 's `` Transitions '' is the latest installment of the DE9 project . For those unfamiliar with the Decks/EFX series , it is Hawtin 's exploration into the manipulation of multiple overlaid tracks through different effects ; each album being progressively more intricate . In that fashion , `` Transitions '' builds upon the previous DE9 releases , taking the project into a much larger scope . The content is much more complex ; Hawtin advertises his manipulation of not only time and volume , but the spatial dimensions and depth of sound as well -LRB- which is why 5.1 is recommended -RRB- . Hawtin focuses on the transitions between the sounds , sometimes with nearly a dozen songs at one time , making the full composition seem like one large interwoven web.Hawtin 's original conception of `` Transitions '' is 96 minutes long -- though he recognizes the convention of the CD format , which is a shortened 74 minute version . Along with the CD , Hawtin has included a DVD containing
 First I purchased DE9
 This has to be one of the greatest works of its kind . I know of only a handful of individuals capable of creating art of this caliber . Truly a timeless piece by a legend who consistantly innovates while raising the bar , and eyebrows alike.Bell ' e Magnifico
 If you like Hawtin 's brand of near-minimalist techno , this album is a must have ! Great beats , good melodies , everything you expect from Hawtin and more . The DVD version of the album -LRB- when played with 5.1 surround sound -RRB- is INCREDIBLE . Unlike any techno heard at home before .
 I 've been studying music in the classical realm for a long time , but have always been interested in electronic music in both performance and composition . Of all the electronic I 've heard from Kraftwerk to Daft Punk , I must say this is perhaps the best I have ever heard . This two-disc set is nothing less than magnificent . The formal structure and sheer smoothness of the sounds from minute 1 to 95 is how music SHOULD be heard in the preset day . I have played every Beethoven Sonata , the complete Etudes of Chopin , Islamey , Gaspard de la Nuit , on and on ... As an experienced pianist and professional classical musician , I think I can safely say that these master composers would have GLADLY accepted Hawtin into their inner circle , if not for the plethora of distinct , yet related sounds , then for the complexity of the underlying formal structure that holds the entire soundscape together . This is a modern master-work . Do n't miss the chance to experience it ...
 I have been listening to techno for over 20 years -LRB- since I lived in Detroit in the late 80 's -RRB- and Richie Hawtin is still producing some of the best progressive music of the genre . The varied rhythms are layered with such delicate precision that I need a better sound system to truly appreciate all the nuances . A couple of the tracks had some silly `` lyrics '' that I felt marred an otherwise excellent mix by the Minimal Master .
 another hawtin masterpiece if u have never seen him live try to im from detroit so he come around to the music festival hawtin is like no other blows ur mind live
 Of the entire DE9 series , this is the best , by far . Unfortunately , that 's still not saying much . The first DE9 is totally boring and has nothing to grab the attention of the listener . Same pretty much goes for Closer to the Edit . Transitions definitely has some great parts , and I mean that . But , they seem few and far between . It would make decent party music , but for listening , its pretty much a total bore . Which is kind of surprising , because everything Richie has recorded as Plastikman has been top notch , same with his much older FUSE stuff , and definitely the Concept 1 CD which is pretty much his best music ever . I 've made a decision to avoid anything Hawtin releases until he makes a new Plastikman or releases another Concept 1 , or Concept 2 , or whatever .
 This is a nice recording of swing and blues style guitar . Lots of fun to listen to -- like sitting in on a friendly jam session . Duke Robillard really shines on `` Avalon '' and the bluesier numbers and Herb Ellis sounds like he 's having fun throughout . Recommended for swing fans or those new to jazz guitar .
 I ca n't pick up my own guitar without trying to play some of the lines Duke puts together on these numbers ! He really smokes on `` Easin ' In '' . Unlike what some others may say , I think his swing chops are awreet and that the major problem here is that Herb Ellis is a little stale and staccato , but that 's only compared with the Herb of yesteryear . This album is a fine excursion into this genre of jazz/blues and will be appreciated by more than just a purist jazz or blues oriented audience . Buy it and enjoy !
 This is one of the greatest swing albums of all time . I 'm not exactly sure who played what parts -LRB- someone said that the channel credits were reversed -RRB- , but Ellis and Robillard both sound great . They seem to have a bottomless well of creative and melodic swing phrases that they can throw around at will . This album will put you in a good mood quick . Make sure to check out the sequel album too - it 's just as good .
 Veteran guitarist Herb Ellis and and a somewhat newcomber guitarist Duke Roubillard showcase some fine jazz guitar interplay.Even if you 're not a jazz fan , you 'll appreciate this fine playing . This quintet presents three Roubillard originals with four standards.You 'll hear the similarity between this album and the Great Guitar albums from past years . A fine addition to any guitar jazz lover 's collection .
 The reviewer who put down Robillard 's playing on this has got to have his head up his you know what ! Duke Robillard really demonstrates his swing chops on this one - Duke is a master of many styles including blues in the style of the likes of T-Bone Walker , Albert Collins , Magic Sam , you name it - and jazz in the style of Charlie Christian - He has a very hard hitting swinging style and he comes up with interesting musical ideas in each of his solos . Herb , of course , is a terrefic soft-spoken jazz guitarist . Like Jim Hall he always has subtle tricks up his sleeve . This is by no means a perfect cd - but my rage at the other review has pushed it from a 4 to a 5 . It is a fun listen !
 You ca n't like electric guitar and not love this CD . It 's smooth , jazzy , and bluesy all at the same time . If you liked the music in the film `` Bull Durham '' you 'll be in heaven .
 Found this as a cassett at a flea market ... I collect jazz/blues and this was a special find . Great arrangements , great players -LRB- houston Person on sax -RRB- and she can get down and sing the blues . this session really swings . Highly reccomended !!
 This record took me forever to get . Actually I 'm still not sure if I `` get '' it , but when a record has rave reviews all over the net and I think it 's bad I doubt myself just a little bit until I have listened to it to death . That being said I have been rocking this record in my MP3 player for a solid month and I am starting to see what those cats are talking about . But only sort of . Emcee Baje One and producer Snafu have a special chemistry here that really does seem kind of scientific , or maybe that 's cause of the topics to rap about
 Junk Science 's album lived up to all my expectations . The production is real percussive , and gritty , like 90 's hip hop , not like all that synthy radio rap that seems like it 's everywhere -LRB- and getting boring -RRB- . Junk science 's lyrics are straight forward , and sometimes really funny , but this is n't a comedy record , my favorites songs so far are `` House Wigger '' and `` That 's the Way '' , both songs that detail this dou 's hard work to get as far as they have and some of the obstacles they had to get past .
 Meaningful lyrics , great beats , excellent start to finish . Still listen to it frequently on my zune .
 Then you have found it . If you love commercial rap , bling , songs about guns & rims . . then this album is n't for you . This is for people that are looking for something apart from mainstream . Check them out . . you 'll be glad you did .
 these kids definitely have something going here . fresh beats , simple , but intelligent lyrics , and style out the wazoo ! I did n't know what to expect when I picked this one up on a friend 's recommendation , actually I kind of hate the kid that told me to buy it , but now I 'm glad I know that kid , cause he put me on to the coolest indie rap record of the year .
 This CD earned a Rave , review in the American Record Guide Nov/Dec98 vol .61 , NO. 6 . It was written by John Bell Young , here are some excerpts : `` Scriabin devotees are always on the lookout for the next authentic Scriabiist , someone who puts the bloom on the flower and is on par with the composer 's most celebrated protagonists
 A wonderful CD . Ms. Dinova leaves us breathless . I was really impressed by the superb tone quality and fantastic imagination . Extraordinary Scriabin !
 This CD earned a Rave , review in the American Record Guide Nov/Dec98 vol .61 , NO. 6 . It was written by John Bell Young , here are some excerpts : `` Scriabin devotees are always on the lookout for the next authentic Scriabiist , someone who puts the bloom on the flower and is on par with the composer 's most celebrated protagonists
 I got this CD for free but it was very good but i like there newwer CD better i suggest you get thta one
 This CD is great i encourage everyone to buy it . the lyrics are great . I listened to it many times and i take it everywhere . Buy it .
 Although the Slovenian nation is among the smallest in Europe , having at the moment a population of 2 million , it has added quite a large number of singers to the operatic world . Recently , it is becoming obvious that one more of our blood is fast becoming a recognized soprano from the United States of America . `` Total Splendor '' is her first solo effort . The program is cosmopolitan and refined ; giving extensive expressive possiblities to this beautifully cultivated voice with a distinctive patina in its sound textures . The first offering is `` La Regatta Veneziana '' -LRB- The Venetian Boat Race by Rossini -RRB- . Ms.deCosta molds this genre of Venetian texts in Veneto dialects to a charming , comical and flirtatious minature . The following set of songs is her homage to the her musical heritage . Three songs by the Slovenian composer Janko Ravnik based on the poetry of some of the most prominent Slovenian Poets ; Gregorcic , Mesko and Zupancic . Also , included in this feast are three warmly interprested songs by Francis Poulence which showcase of the poetry of Aragon , Appolinaire and Fombeure . Especially noteworthy are three selections of Stephen Sondheim , which are extremely suitable choices for the soprano of Mila deCosta . Using vocal coloring she lifts them up , into genuine , heartfelt emotional confessions . Although on the face of it the passage from Sondheim to Puccini is unusual it is dramatically logical . The Puccini arias from La Boheme , Turandot , Tosca and Madame Butterfly were interpreted with a sweet emotional gradation , which did not suffer from a lack of the usual orchestral accompaniments and made for a more cohesive presentation with the other genres . Although it would be wonderful to hear her do them once again in their original form with full orchestra backing . It is indicative of the quality , flexibility and control of her instrument that she so comfortably moves from style to style.Mila deCosta has a valuable artistic collaborator in the person of pianist R. Stewart Powell . He is an experienced pianist who breathes with her and supports her with clarity of sound and genuine interpretative feeling .
 DEVIN IS A GREAT RAPPER BUT WHO IS VERY UNDERRATED . I HAVE ALL OF HIS C.D. EVEN THOUGH HE DOSENT GET ALLOT A PLAY DOWN HERE IN JACKSONVILLE FLA. . WAITIN TO EXHALE IS A GREAT AND FUNNY C.D. I WOULD RECOMMENED IT TO ANY ONE WHO LOVES DEVIN OR IS LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NEW OR WHO JUST WANTS TO KNOW WHO THE DUDE IT . EVEN THOUGH IN MAGAZINES IT SAYS THIS IS DEVINS BEST CD YET I THINK THAT THE OTHER 3 WERE BETTER . TO THE XTREMM , JUST TRYIN TO LIV AND THE DUDE ARE OFF THE CHAIN . I WOULD JUST RECOMMENED EVERYBODY TO GET THE DEVIN THE DUDE C.D. . HE MAKES U LAUGH , AND ALSO IT GREAT MUSIC TO SMOKE TO !
 If you never heard of him , then wake up . It 's The Dude ... What do you expect ? Good laid back , mellow music ? Search no further . He never disappoints .
 I liked this album . I liked a majority of the tracks , great beats and descent lyrics . I liked What a Job , Nothing to Roll With , and Almighty Dollar . A must have !
 First of all ... Please do not liken devin the dude to R kelly . Cutcha Up -LRB- # 15 -RRB- is not about an underage girl , its about an underage pot plant . come on now , how can you hate on this song ? He really does an amazing job with the metaphor here , similar to Clipse 's Gangsta Lean , although devin 's song is a little weaker and more awkward . Still , devin gets away with anything . He 's the dude.and Secondly , this is an excellent disc . i give it 9/10 , and i would say it 's his most consistent album . It might even be his best , but it 's a litte early to tell . This album is a great listen for both fans or new listeners . Incase you have n't heard him much , Devin is the most down-to-earth rapper ever , and he has got to be one of the most accessible rappers to hip hop heads from anywhere in the country - South , East Coast , Midwest , West Coast , whatever.Album of 2007 so far .
 I believe Devin has got to be the first artist that has NEVER dissapointed me like EVER . . All of his CD 's are classics and leave you not wanting to skip a single song !! . . Waiting in Inhale is definetly the sameway from the hypnotizing beats to the melodic way he flows with his words just mellowing out as tha music plays ... tha Cd is LIKE THAT !! ... I can not stop listening to it I do n't even think I can pick a favorite at the moment but the beat that I ca n't stop hearing in my head is from `` WHAT A JOB . '' That beat will stick into your brain and never leave yo , no bull sh ** ... But um Lil gil gon bad is my joint too tha whole cd is but jus check it out for ya self if u loved his others like I 'M SURE you did . . then do n't hesitate to cop this one either !! Holla atcha girlllllll ~ Nichelle
 The 1st track that I ever heard Devin The Dude on was `` F. . . Faces '' which had Scarface teamed up with Too Short , Tela and also Devin The Dude from Face 's 2 CD set entitled `` My Homies '' . On the same `` My Homies '' set were 2 solo tracks from Devin entitled `` Do What You Want '' and `` Boo Boo ` n '' . I liked both of those tracks as well . Once I found out that Devin would be releasing his own solo CD entitled `` The Dude '' , I knew that I would pick the CD up as soon as it was released . The title track was definitely my favorite song on the entire CD . I also enjoyed `` Sticky Green '' w/Scarface , `` See What I Could Pull '' , `` Do n't Wait '' w/DMG & Spice 1 , and `` Show 'Em w/K . B. Overall , `` The Dude '' was definitely a good CD . I later found out from people that I knew that followed Rap-A-Lot Records more that I did was that Devin The Dude was also on 2 group CDs
 I read a review that said that it is impossible to not be turned into an instant fan after listening to a Devin The Dude album and that is so true.I have never heard any of this Dude 's albums even though I always found his guest appearances funny . I decided to take a chance on his latest and I have n't been disappointed at all.Lyrically Devin is the funniest thing I 've ever heard . Its crazy how he can be funny even though he tackles some of the most over used subject matters . For example `` She Useta Be '' about a girl that was hot when she was young and put on a FEW pounds later on . Another is the Eminem influenced ode to killing his partner . Devin makes these topics fresh again.Musically the album is very laid back defying the raunchy lyrical content but goes well with his lazy rap flow . Being independent Devin can ignore all rules regarding sampling and he really takes liberties with a wide range of samples which I can not always place.The album also scores because of Devin 's ability to switch it up and take on more serious topics like on `` Lil ' Girl Lost '' and `` What A Job '' . Both tracks are definite highlights of the album.Ultimately there is no need to be over analytical on this one , some will hate and some will love it , I just happen to be one of those that love it
 If you 're a Devin the Dude fan and liked `` Waitin ' to Inhale '' you will love his latest release `` Smoke Sessions Vol . 1 '' . Fresh off his 15 year contract with Rap-A-Lot Records , Devin gives his fans his all on Smoke Sessions with his trademark relaxed and comedic approach to lyrics and rhyming . Smoke up with Dev .
 If you like laid back story-telling hip-hop then you will love this CD . Production is great , writing/lyrics even better . So roll one up , pop in this CD , and kick back and enjoy .
 Devin The Dude is possibly the most underrated emcee in the industry . While Devin has a very devoted fanbase , he 's not nearly as heralded as some of his underground contemporaries ; something that , to this day , makes little sense to me . Devin 's down with everyone from Hi-Tek and Talib Kweli to Nas , Dr. Dre , Xzibit , and Snoop Dogg ; he also hails from one of the new hotspots in hip-hop , Houston . So why does n't Devin get the same exposure as a Paul Wall or a Chamillionaire ? No disrespect to either of those artists , as I 'm a large fan of both , but there 's no doubt that Devin is just as talented as those two are ; most likely more.When your first single features Bun B and Lil ' Wayne , and your second features Snoop Dogg and Andre 3000 -LRB- who seriously needs to release a TRUE solo hip-hop album , instead of wasting his obvious talents on mediocre projects like The Love Below , his half of Idlewild , and remixes -RRB- , with production from Dr. Dre to boost , you 'd think you would have the recipe for a platinum -LRB- well , maybe gold in this day and age -RRB- album . Though it 's far too early to know how well this album will fair on charts , I do n't see it doing remarkably well , with virtually no promotion , and an overlooked emcee . While sales do n't mean anything in terms of artistic merit , it 's certainly a shame that an album as well-crafted as Waitin ' To Inhale wo n't top Billboard like it should.It 's funny that Devin does n't move as many units as he should , though , when he has the attributes that appeal to just as many backpackers as they do MTV sheep . Devin 's spitting personal , real-life verses on this album , but he spits it with a touch of pimping that few artists can successfully pull off . His laid back approach to hip-hop is in vein to both Snoop Dogg and OutKast 's , and he 's equally adapt lyrically . Also , much like 50 Cent and Chamillionaire would after him , Devin has a thing for crooning his own choruses ; unlike the former , albeit much like the latter , Devin still sounds as smooth as ever when he 's singing his hooks . Maybe Devin 's too laid back ? In an era where crunk , snap , and hyphy dominate the airwaves , Devin 's chill style may not get the airplay it deserves , but perhaps , that makes it all the more rewarding for those of us up on The Dude.Being one of the most consistent rappers coming out of the South -LRB- OutKast , T.I. , and UGK are the only other rappers I can think of with four or more albums this dope -RRB- , Devin undeniably delivers on his latest release , Waitin ' To Inhale . Though it does n't vary much in subject from The Dude , Tryin ' Ta Live , and To Tha X-Treme , Devin continues to release thoroughly pleasing albums from start to finish , and Waitin ' to Inhale maybe his best produced effort yet . One of the best albums of 2007 thus far , hands down , and fans of Devin , new and old alike , will be positively pleased with it . Pick it up ASAP .
 The dude is back after 3 years with his 4th solo album , and yet another 4 star release -LRB- his debut I 'd give 4.5 and and his other 2 are borderline 4/4 .5 stars -RRB- . One again you get a lot of funny stories in his signature voice and sound effects about women , sex , w * ed and Budweiser over some laid back funky relaxing beats . The formual has n't changed in the past 10 years and why change what people like and what you ; re good at . Like another reviewer said , not as good possibly as his past works , but still a solid album . With 14 songs , you get 10 good ones , 3 are ok and 1 I skip over . Guests are on a few songs -LRB- 6 of the 14 -RRB- , but you still get a good amount of the Dude . Production is nice and like I said before , laid back , relaxiung and funky . Domo does 5 songs , Chuck Heat and Devin each do 2 , Picnic , Davey D , Sendar , Mike Dean , and Rob Quest all do 1 song . A great album to have for his fans and fans of a different non-annnoying non-radio friendly artist . # 2 - 8.5 -LRB- f / Odd Squad & Lester tone -- dirty sogn -RRB- # 3 - 8.5 -LRB- nice beat -RRB- # 4 - 9 -LRB- another dirty song -RRB- # 5 - 8 -LRB- f / Snoop Dogg & andre 3000 -RRB- # 6 - 9 -LRB- one of those goofy and funny Devin songs about his 3rd leg -RRB- # 8 - 9 -LRB- funny one about a girl he used to holler at that wants him now but she gained 150 lbs . -RRB- # 9 - 9 -LRB- f / Lil Wayne , Bun B , Tony Mack -- about a young , lost girl -RRB- # 10 - 7 -LRB- f / 14K ? -RRB- # 11 - 9 -LRB- relaxing beat and funny stories about killin his ex who screwed him over -RRB- # 12 - 6 -LRB- really the only one I do n't like too much -- another very relaxing beat -RRB- # 13 - 8 -LRB- 14K -- Devin only does the hook -- about someone elses wife -RRB- # 15 - 8.5 -LRB- another funny one about a girl -LRB- plant -RRB- who he ca n't wait to come of age -RRB- # 16 - 8 -LRB- a short one about having nothin ' to roll up with -RRB- -RCB- # 17 - 7 -LRB- f / Odd Squad -- another smokin song -RRB- Devin Copeland -- b. 1974 -- b. Florida moved to Houston , TXcheck all my reviews
 Devin may not be the quickest to release new product , but when he does drop , you can be sure that it 's going to be that homegrown , smoked out funk . The production , though not as full as the production on To Tha X Treme , is still funky and laid back . The topic range has n't changed much , but when you 're talking about Devin , that 's a good thing . Added to the routine topics are tracks like the disturbing yet incredibly laid back `` Just Because '' and `` Lil ' Girl Gone '' which features Bun B. and Lil ' Wayne . The former is a detailed description of what Devin would like to do to his ex and the latter is along the lines of Nas ' `` Black Girl Lost '' and does just as well at reaching the listener with the point that they 're trying to get across . There are a few guest appearances spread around the album -LRB- Andre 3000 , Snoop Dogg , Lil ' Wayne , Bun B. and a few others -RRB- , but for the most part Devin stands on his own and hammers out dope material.As far as skip material , there are only a few tracks here and there that do n't grab the ears of this particular listener -- `` She Want That Money '' , `` No Longer Needed Here '' , and `` I Hope I Do n't Get Sick-A-This '' . They are n't bad songs , I just do n't feel them personally . The rest of the album is all smooth sailing.Waiting To Inhale is another dope release from one of the most overlooked artists -LRB- despite a small yet very loyal fanbase -RRB- to come out of the south . Longtime fans as well as newcomers should dig this . I find that this kind of funk is simply undeniable . I recommend adding this , as well as his other releases , to your music library.Standout Tracks
 All I got to say is ... Keep them coming !!! another solid album from Devin the Dude ! Thank you bro !!
 Devin The Dude is one of best underrated artist in the game . This man lyrics and ability to tell stories is like no other . This cd is like a comedic novel , like all his others . I 'll have to say that The Almighty Dollar is my favorite song but its not by alot because all the songs are classic .
 waiting to inhale is by far the best devin cd yet . its one of those cds where you just hit play and let it go from beginning to end . an instant classic by my standards .
 I have followed Queensryche since 1991 's Empire . I was a kid at Christmas when I got the original Mindcrime video from the Empire tour . Like allot of people I was apprehensive to get this DVD . I was n't shy about my dislike of the Live Evolution album and Q2k . Tribe was a step in the right direction but still kind of lacking.My wife convinced me to buy this and I am glad she did . The first disk is a masterwork performance . I love the alternate arrangements on some of the songa and all of the band performs well including Mike Stone . Is he Degarmo ? No nobody really is but I can assure you he is a BIG improvement over Kelly Gray and a much better fit for Queensryche . He plays very well by his own standard . Geoff sounds great and Pamela Moore adds a nice vocal dimension to the performances . Scott , Michael , and Ed add the pedal to the metal I have come to expect from this band.Now I 'll admidt Mindcrime II just does n't have the power of of the original but there are some good momments there as well like the chase , signs say go , and I 'm an American . Overall though it compliments the first story well and makes Mindcrime a complete and exciting treat for this recharged Queensryche fan.Five stars for disk one and three stars for disk two so that means a very well done four star performance .
 I have had the privledge of seeing Queensryche 2 years in a row now . And I remember `` Mindcrime 1 '' tour . This DVD is awsome . Great to see the Ryche in top form . Plus the bonus with Ronnie James Dio doing `` The Chase . '' is excellent . This is a must have for true Ryche fans .
 I always liked to see Queenryche perform . OM-II live is a cool continuation to OM-I . OM-I was always great to watch but it 's nice to see a fresh performance of it . I also have the older versions ... It also comes with a few songs as a bonus.I wish it had subtitles option as well ... Highly recommanded !
 You can read my thoughts on the stuDIO version of OM 2 in the review section of that cd.This live dvd is perfect . Perfectly performed , great sounding , origingal staging and just great music to pull from.Having been a fan of QR since THE WARNING , you expect me to tell you how great this is ... and you 'd be right . I was there for the LA show when RONNIE JAMES DIO played `` The Vhase '' with the band and it was electrifying.I just love this dvd . . the tour doc in the bonus section is worth the price of this alone ... the bacstage with DIO footage is classic as well.Just another great QR product .
 I was ragging on this after I downloaded a copy from the net and watched it on my PC so I burned it and watched it on my LCD W/surround and loved it ! In particular the OM2 set which is fresher compared to OM1 . Approching 45-50 years old these guys put on a clinic for all you young bands out there to learn from .
 This DVD more than fufilled my expectations . Great performances of some of the best tunes I know.Yes Geoff Tate was a little bit of a ham - but it worked and worked well . I do n't understand what people expect . Enjoy the band , enjoy the songs , enjoy the spectacle - and relax already !
 Absolutely amazing . that 's the only way to describe this DVD A must have for any Queensryche fans .
 One thing that I have learned over the years is that it is very difficult to capture the same energy , audio and visual effects of a live show on a taped performance . Although I was n't there , I have a feeling that the flat vocals were largely due to that fact . I have been to several live shows that were mind blowing only to see the same performance on DVD and find that the singers sounded like they were in their bathroom singing . I 'm a diehard fan of Queensryche and Dio so they can do no wrong . I 'm sure that the experience of the show was epic but the DVD left me wishing I was there .
 I received my Mindcrime DVD yesterday and watched it last night - what a treat ! I 'll watch it over and over . Unlike one of the other reviewers , I found the political messages pertinent - I think it shows that the original story is in fact timeless . War , money , corruption , exploitation , longing , remorse - it all makes for great drama ! Also , in traditional opera or theatre , the musicians are in the pit and invisible to the audience . In Mindcrime , the musicians are front and center on stage - powerful ! I would recommend this DVD especially to today 's teens ; current bands do n't do concept albums or theatrical performances any more - what a shame .
 Like many other reviewers , I was introduced to Queensrche back in ' 83 , and have seen them five times now -LRB- including this past tour -RRB- . I picked up this DVD because this show was not disappointing . However , the sound just is n't the same without Chris DeGarmo . Mike Stone 's performance is not bad , but there are times where his particular style tends to clash with everyone else . Another reviewer likened Geoff Tate 's acting skills to that of William Shatner , I could n't agree more , on the other hand , William Shatner ca n't sing like Geoff Tate.I think for me to fully enjoy the live performances of Mindcrime I and II , I 've been toying around with the idea of just watching Livecrime followed by Mindcrime at the Moore -LRB- Part II -RRB- . I was blown away when I saw the original Livecrime during the Empire tour , and it still ranks as one of the highest on my list of shows I 've seen -LRB- Pink Floyd , SRV , Metallica , and Judas Priest are included in that list -RRB- . Another disappointing part of the tour was the absence of Ronnie James Dio . Although I know it was a bit much for him to go on a lengthy tour for a measly 3-minute segment , it would have been cool to see him perform `` The Chase '' live instead of the pre-recorded version . It would have been even better if they were on tour together since I 've only seen Dio on video -LRB- Sacred Heart Tour -RRB- . Overall , for the die-hard Queensrche fan , this is one to add to the collection . In my opinion , the original Operation Mindcrime will definitely withstand the test of time , Mindcrime II , on the other hand , like any other sequel , loses something that can only be found in the original . Mindrime II is a fair album , and seeing it performed live helps , but it 's not one of Queensrche 's best efforts .
 This new DVD captures Queensryche performing Operation Mindcrime 1 & II in their entirety . In the process the band defines how a performance DVD should be shot . I caught this tour 5 days before these performances were captured and I tell you that sometimes my mind was playing tricks on me . This DVD almost mimics the vantage point that I had when I saw this tour on October 6th 2006 . This is one of the best depictions of a concert experience that I have ever seen . The viewer will really be drawn into the story as the Mindcirme saga unfolds . I do not know if this release will win the band new fans but what a treat for those of us that have stayed true to the band over the years . This is like having my memory of the show burned on to a DVD . I can relive this show anytime I like now . There are some great effects applied but they do not detract from anything . This is not like The Art of Live that was full of sepia tones and filters . I highly recommend this to any Queensryche fan out there . The band was in great form and Geoff Tate hit a home run !
 For those of you who do not have the DVD , GET IT , particularly if you saw the live show in person during the OMC I and II tour . It is a fantastic , PROFESSIONALLY captured and edited spectacular , not to mention a high-quality audio track to match!Seriously , I have watched several `` live '' DVD concerts , but this production beautifully blends the live performance , terrific camera angles and imagery , and post-production editing into what can truly be called a visual and audio masterpiece . It is meticulous and detailed , capturing the exciting pulse of a live performance without compromising the cinematic story-telling that this saga requires.And let 's face it , you absolutely can not enjoy this DVD -LRB- despite all I have mentioned so far -RRB- unless Geoff Tate and the band delivered musically . Guess what ? THAT 'S THE BEST PART !! Tate sounds terrific ! For the first half , he delivers a powerful , spot-on performance that is every bit as good as Operation LiveCrime ! What chops he still has ! Cripes!And the band is rock solid -- tight technically and impressive melodically . Wilton and Stone are superb , and the underpinnings of bass and drums are phenomenal , to boot.I saw the show in Baltimore and loved it . The DVD is even better ! It is a worthy chronicle of a band and a story that just wo n't quit . I hated waiting so long for this thing , but now I am fulfilled.Go out and get it . If you rate it less than a five , you 're wound way too tight , dude .
 I know I 'm late , but I finally got around to watching this DVD . I 've been a fan of this material since 1988 's original release , and I 've got to say this is the definitive version of the Mindcrime saga.Some have talked about the somewhat ` flat ' sound of the band in the recording , but take a look at the venue . For Operation
 To really get the complete Mindcrime experience , I would recommend getting the Operation
 What a hoot ! I 've been a fan of these guys from the beginning , through thick and thin , and this set captures a truly remarkable performance . My only complain is that the audio quality seems to take a dump in the end of disc two . Geoff and Pamela sound way overmodulated , and the weird blurry effect that distorts the image of the two is distracting.The best parts ? `` Suite Sister Mary '' from OMCI and `` Fear City Slide '' from OMCII.Awesome stuff !
 I loved the original mindcrime , I loved the livecrime release , damm it I loved Rage for Order Empire , Promised Land but somewhere around the HITNF and Tribe I fell away from the ` ryche . Sure I still watched Livecrime and loved it from time to time , but the new stuff didnt do it for me . I watched with interest and a little disdain at the repeated reissues of various incarnations and packages of the Mindcrime set . Finally news came of Mindcrime 2 and I purchased it on the day of release . I was disapointed with it , terribly disapointed , I just couldnt access it like the Mindcrime 1 , I listened to it maybe 3 or 4 times no more . When the DVD wa sissued I wasnt so fast in buying it but for some reason a month or so after its release I went out and got it . What can I say I sat there with the home theatre sytem blasting it out and loved it , from the opening bars to the closing encores this is one hell of a concert , the band sound great , Geoff tates voice may not eb quite as strong as it was 20 years ago , but whose is ? He still has one of the most classical and distinctive vocals of any singer . This is a truly great performance , well filmed and produced and for any Queensryche fan it is a must have , any lover of hard rock will also love it . I cant get enough of this DVD and watch it repeatedly , finally I now get Mindcrime 2 !
 Before I start my review and analizes I want to make one thing clear is that I am not a huge Queensryche fan . I have always liked the story of Operation Mindcrime 1 & 2 and was thrilled that they performed both parts live in concert . I do respect the talents of all of the band members especially the Vocals of Geoff Tate.I attended a show on this tour and was totally blown away . In fact it was one of the greatest shows I have ever saw in my life . I was thinking all throught the show I hope that they film this for either a DVD release and/or an audio release . Now on to my review.This DVD captures the raw energy of the performance and the audience . Geoff Tate never sounded better . Sure he can no longer hit the high notes which in is case is good because in the early days all he did was wail instead of sing . Pamela Moore was excellent as well . The camera angles are both good and annoying . I felt that the camera moved to much in some places and di n't move enough in others.The sound quality was mixed as well . In some areas Geoff Tate sounded great but in other parts of the DVD he sounded like he was eating the microphone . Pamela Moores vocals were n't turned up loud enough which was annoying too.The acting was n't that good but they still pulled it of anyway . I have to remember that these ar n't professional actors there rock stars . The drummer , guitar plaer and bass player were really good in there performances as well.The bonus features are amazing as well . I like how the band filmed their rehearsals for the upcoming tour . I also like how they filmed Ronnie James Dio only appearance with the band which was recorded live from Los Angeles.The bottom line is if you like the story of both operation mindcrime 1 & 2 you 'll love this DVD.This DVD is also a great addition to anybody who likes concept albums as well . I will compare this to the genious of Pete Townshend 's Tommy !
 simply put - you HAVE TO own this DVD if you even marginally call yourself a Queensryche fan.The music is tight and they sound as good as they did 20 + years ago -LRB- well , you can tell Geoff has aged a little , but not that much -RRB- 32 songs for $ 22 ! I ripped the audio from my DVD 's and put it on my ipod , it is that good of a production . My only complaint is that the bass player looks bored and does n't really get into the music.Pamela Moore is awesome in her role of Sister Mary . Even Ronnie James Dio makes an appearance !
 E ' dai tempi del tour di `` empire '' che non vedevo i queensryche cos&igrave; in gran forma , questo dvd per me &egrave; il migliore di tutta la loro carriera , e la consacrazione di una band , dopo questo dvd si pu&ograve; tranquillamente dire che i queenssryche sono entrati nella storia del grande rock come i Deep purple , led zeppelin e thin lizzy negli anni settanta.I queensryche sempre si sono distinti dagli altri gruppi del loro genere , Geoff Tate &egrave; uno dei pi&ugrave; importanti vocalists di tutti i tempi.Questo dvd &egrave; musica e teatro , la collaborazione pi&ugrave; stretta con Pamela Moore rende questo dvd imperdibile.Una sola nota negativa , purtroppo nella composizione della seconda parte si sente l'assenza di Chris De Garmo , Mike Stone &egrave; un grande chitarrista , ma Chris De Garmo per me era fondamentale per la band , hanno perso la parte pi&ugrave; melodoca , che era a mio parere molto importante in questo gruppo !
 Names Marcus from Sydney , Australia.I saw Queensryche when they came ` down under ` and toured in July.They were totally AWESOME live , ans so I have been following there progress on the QR website.I can now hardly wait until I can get a copy of Queensrche
 This is an excellent compilation Video DVD of Operation Mindcrime I and II . The picture clarity and sound is outstanding . It felt like I was at a play . I would rate the entire DVD excellent , but I ca n't . Their anti-Bush/anti-Iraq gestures prevent me from doing so , but it 's great entertainment . When will these groups learn that no one cares about their political opinions . If you love Queensryche 's music , then this is a must-have DVD for your collection . As for the anti-Bush signs and gestures , just remember that these bands are misguided , and do n't know what the heck their talking about when it comes policy . I 'm pro-Bush all the way , and nothing I 've seen on this DVD will ever change that ! He and I believe in the same thing - lets skin these terrorist cowards alive . Kill em ' all I say .
 i seen this concert in l.a. it was great i love operation mindcrime ... omc 2 im not a huge fan of but it was great in concert . dio showed up for a song and he is on this dvd also he sounded as good as ever . the acting on stage was just so so for me ... it helps tell a story that i already know well . i forgot the name of the singer who is mary but she is back for both om1 and 2 and she still sings gr8 . i 'll be buying this dvd when it comes out for sure .
 Being on a tight budget as I am I knew I should have waited to buy this , but I could n't resist . I have long been a mindcrime fanatic , I have listened to part one probably more times than should be allowed by law , and part two , while not quite as good is a thoroughly good front to back album.I will say the first act was an energizing preformance , it had an engaging mix of music , acting and visual arts that had me singing with every song . The Seattle Seahawks drum corps was an excellent addition and Mary 's suicide made my heart skip a beat.It was hard not to watch the second act after watching the first , but unfortunantly after One Foot in Hell the energy really begins to leave the stage . The cover of the DVD stated that `` the Chase '' was preformed with Ronnie James Dio , but unfortunatly for that song neither Dio nore Geoff Tate are present on stage . After `` the Chase '' , the remaining part of the preformance begins to bog down and I found myself waiting for Nikki to committ suicide so I could hear `` Jet City Woman '' from the encore.Overall I would give this four stars . Five for the outstanding preformance from Disk one . Disk Two gets three , losing one for promising and failing to deliver Dio in person and and another for a gradually declining preformace towards the end of disk two .
 Queensryche still sounds great . Geoff Tate especially still sounds terrific . He has n't lost a thing over the years . As for the production , it was just OK in my opinion . The stage at my high school was bigger than the one they performed on , and the little skits they performed reminded me of a high school play . I also miss Chris DeGarmo on guitar . The guy they had was good , but anyone who has seen `` Operation
 Well I finally gave in and bought this Dvd . As a longtime fan whose fanship of Ryche has been recently been rekindled , I was looking forward to seeing this more theatrical presentation of one of the greatest albums of all time . Also , as an added bonus , Mindcrime 's underwhelming sequel is peformed live in its entirely as well.Prog-nosis -LRB- could n't resist haha -RRB-
 Of all of the concert DVDs that I own , or have seen , Mindcrime At The Moore is definitely my most favorite ! I 've been a Queensryche fan ever since the early '90s , after the release of `` Empire '' , & I 've seen them twice in concert , even though they were the opening act . I love Mindcrime At The Moore for tons of reasons
 Woow , , Nice guitar play , nice quality , nice theater and the best of all is Geoff Tate , his voice . . woow he sang like the old days , like the studio version of Operation Mindcrime I !! and his acting along with Pamela Moore , , they are terrific . . he is indeed an artist . . For those who 've left queensryche for the past years come back , ,
 This DVD is an amazing performance of both Mindcrime albums performed in their entirety.A must have for any Prog/Metal fans !!!!!!!!
 This DVD is an excellent performance of both Mindcrime albums performed in their entirety . With live actors and video recordings highlighting the storyline , the vision of MindCrime comes to life . The only problems a true fan of Queensryche and Mindcrime should have with this performance is that DeGarmo is no longer with the band and `` The Chase '' is n't performed live.The 1st Disc is Mindcrime I , and its the best of this 2 disc set . People might argue about Tate 's vocal performance , but you have to have an understanding of what is going on with this performance . First of all 15 + years have gone by since Mindcrime I was orginally released , so after performing these songs for so long and looking back on the original vision with more experienced eyes they have re-envisioned the vision . Think George Lucas and his countless revisions of the Original Star Wars Trilogy . In otherwords , this is a new arrangement of MindCrime I , both vocally and musically . Secondly , and most importantly , this is n't Tate singing MindCrime in the studio , this is n't Tate performing at a standard live venue like LIVEcrime , this is Tate ACTING out Mindcrime in a Rock Opera , which is the true and absolute realization of a compilation album , which MindCrime is . In my opinion Tate does a very good job at affecting his voice to evoke emotion , so that you truly feel what Nicky is going through ; you hear the anger , you hear the sadness , and you hear the pain . This performance is what I have always envisioned Mindcrime I to be.The 2nd disc , is MindCrime II and the bonus stuff . MindCrime II is more of your standard rock performance than the opera vision of MindCrime I , but you still get the emotion of the story from Tate 's and Pamela 's vocals . Though not as good as MindCrime I , MindCrime II still offers a great vision , and great songs/performances . My only disappointment with the MindCrime II performance is that the vocals of `` the chase '' are not performed live , instead a video recording of Tate and Dio singing is played while the band plays live . Sad , but at least one of the bonus features is footage of `` the chase '' performed live at another venue . Other good bonus matierial in this DVD set are the encore performances of `` walk in the shadows '' and `` jet city woman '' , and a tour documentary .
 I saw Queensryche on the Empire tour and have been a big fan ever since the EP from 1983 . I think this is a pretty good performance of both Mindcrimes . Geoff Tate 's voice sounds great -LRB- I do n't know if it was the way it was shot , but it looked like he was lip syncing alot -RRB- and Mike Stone does an admirable job of playing Chris Degarmos 's leads from the first Mindcrime . I was disappointed that Dio was not there live , even though it was just the one track . But Pamela Moore -LRB- is she so hot they named the theater after her ? -RRB- has a huge part and does a great job as Sister Mary . I did throw on the Livecrime video and did find the energy level on that to be a bit better , but all in all `` Mindcrime at the Moore '' is a fine live performance .
 As a longtime QR fan who had high expectations for OM : II and was a little disappointed I purchased this DVD with a bit less fervor . Needless to say I was pleasantly surprised to find a similar -LRB- if not more solid -RRB- effort than the Livecrime release of 16 years ago . It absolutely made sense for the band to put together a tour that covered the Mindcrime saga in its entirety ; however the prospect of combining what was essentially two separate concerts -LRB- along with the visuals -RRB- given the fact that these guys are well into their 40 's seemed a little far fetched . As mentioned in a previous review , this was indeed a massive undertaking . With that in mind , my assessment of the whole DVD experience was going to be much more forgiving than it was after my first listen to the latest studio release.My findings-good , bad and ugly.The good
 This is the next best thing to seeing them live , and seeing the queenryche sagas of Mindrime played back to back . Unfortunately , they did n't get them squeezed on one DVD , so you have to stop and change discs unlike a live continuous show , but thats ok . Well worth the money . Its Livecrime to the max , now with essentially Livecrime 2 expanded on the masterpiece . Must own for a Ryche fan , and definitely should be purchased first before the CD if on limited funds .
 Queensryche returned to their most famous work when they released the somewhat ill received Mindcrime 2 . The sequel is similar towards other recent Queensryce releases in that it is much softer and leans more towards the progressive side of music rather than straight heavy metal -LRB- as the original MC -RRB- . However , this live CD/DVD should bring many fans to the new release and might win a few MC 2 critics over as well.The show featuring over 32 songs -LRB- covering both MC and MC2 -RRB- was a massive effort . The music is also fronted by changing sets , live actors and a myriad of props to help convey the story of the seminal concept albums . Geoff Tate -LRB- The lead singer -RRB- voice has diminished little over the past years and sounds almost as good as he did in the bands early live works . Singing with such intensity and acting well is something that Tate should be quite proud of , as no other aging metal singer can claim a similar feat.There is little in the music world that can compare to Mindcrime at the Moore . The release features great songs , but it is the sheer intensity of the performance that distinguishes it from other similar acts . Rob Halford was quite right when he said that the band was as similar to and opera as it was a metal act.Not to be missed .
 I was lucky enough to attend the shows Mindcrime At The Moore were recorded at , even the one where Ronnie James Dio made his only live performance . This tour -LRB- 10 shows attended -RRB- totally blew me away and I could n't be happier that Queensryche decided to film it all live for this DVD . They 've come full circle with Operation
 While I have always loved to hear Geoff 's voice and the music they put out in the studio to a point has been unique to say the least ; I have to agree with another review that I had read mentioning the editing . . it could have been longer on each scene . I liked the venue they chose and the arrangment was good as well as the music performed . I still have to sit and watch beginning to end but I like Queensryche anyway for their talent so I can get past the minor negatives . Nice to have a copy though .
 Classic old school Queensryche filmed at the histiric Moore Theater in Seattle . Highlight is Revolution Calling and Eyes of a Stranger . The concert has great theatrical presentations .
 This shows a differnet side of Queensryche . They are so good on so many levels . This concert gives you a front row seat at the Moore . Awesome stage show music and it 's very entertaining . A great buy . A must for the Queensryche Fan !
 I really like this DVD . I got it for Christmas -LRB- ' 08 -RRB- and have watched it twice . The playing is great . Tate 's voice is pretty good for the most part . True , he is a bit over the top and corny at times . But it still works . As for the political commentary , get over it people , that 's part of the story -LRB- listen to the songs themselves -RRB- . And yes , muscicians , just like the rest of us have a right to their opinions . You have the right not to listen . I happen to agree with the views presented on stage . But if I did n't I would either choose not to watch or just ignore it . For instance , you wo n't ever catch me at a Toby Keith concert ! LOL . Well , besides his political views , his songs pretty much suck :-RRB- Anyway , if you are a fan of Mindcrime , get this .
 Taj Fan is right I have also forgotten this one . Sorry ... I know that this one is pretty special to Jimmy and one of his favorite recordings.Jimmys playing is just wonderful and his sound is very clean and balanced and so full of soul and the whole CD is just loaded with groove.Dr Lonnie pushes Jimmy into new heights , , and then he takes over the solos and it is a miracle if the studio where still in one place after this recording.Pehaps this is the best one that Ponder done . . there is no weak tracks on this one and the choice of tunes is just perfect , a mix of soulful originals and jazzstandards . Sonny Rollins `` Ole '' is taken in a breathtaking speed . . when I heard the first bars I started to wonder . . how are they gon na `` land '' this one , , but no problem , , Ponder plays his . . s of here.The Interpretation of the tune '' At last '' -LRB- often linked with Etta James -RRB- is taken in a soulful latin groove which is just so appealing and hence it is one of the highligts of this CD.And the blues `` Dont BE flat blues '' is taken in C. . of course -LRB- haha -RRB- Dr Lonnie shows that he is the master of soulful and hard groovin bluesshuffles.An extremely pleasant record to listen to . Get it if you can .
 Yes , sir , I did forget how well Jimmy ate `` Ruby '' up with ELECTRIC samba . I have yet to hear anyone - ANYONE - else play electrically with this kind of feel . And the rest of the CD shines as brightly . Some may be put off by the ` disco-ish ' hi-hat at times , but look past it to what is happening
 Besides the two guys who get it ... I want to name this as one of the best Ponder CDs out there . The first cut shows you why Ponder is so highly thought of by his peers -LRB- if not yet discovered by the masses -RRB- ; that is not a conga - it is Ponder simulating one by using harmonic overtones over the first 8 bars or so . Listen to his samba interpretation of Ray Charles ' `` Ruby '' for some real mind-boggling electric jazz samba . . uh , Douglas . . did you forget this one !!?? Dr. Lonnie Smith is superb and he and Ponder make an incredible team of telepaths at times the way they play off of each other . In case anyone -LRB- anyone ? -RRB- thought Ponder was all chords and funk/soul riffs , check out the speed on `` Oleo '' , and Greg Bandy shines by ` playing the melody ' in his drum solo , as well as taking it Latin . GREAT CD .
 During the late 60s and early 70s I experienced life-changing music - Dylan `` Bringing it aall back home '' , Incredible String Band `` 5000 spirits '' , `` In the court of the crimson king '' , `` Pink moon '' - albums that changed my outlook and attitudes to this day . Later , popular music subjectively turned stale , and jazz -LRB- Coltrane -RRB- , early classical -LRB- Perotin , Tallis , Palestrina -RRB- and ethnic -LRB- N. F. A. Khan , Ravi Shankar -RRB- carried the torch and flame of music to penetrate and transform . Being norwegian , I have found little to ignite the spark outside of the traditional , nature-bound folk music and the ECM Garbarek strain . I had seen the rave reviews of Midnight Choir - critics favourites , and liked Amsterdam Stranded , but was not prepared for the melancholy depth and power of `` Unsung heroine '' . From the first piano strains of `` Double Blank '' , I was , and am , captivated . Paal Flaata is a messenger delivering the word from Atle Bystroms inner landscape in a mesmerizing style , never stale or maudlin , never succumbing to the poses of run-of-the mill pop music . Being drawn into the stream-of-consciousness flow of this journey , you -LRB- I , at any rate -RRB- emerge a different person . There is cleansing in the sadness , not self-pity , a catharsis and maturing that is depicted in the wandering through an inner landscape pulsing through a spectrum of feelings . Let yourself be submerged and drawn through strange longings into a new state of mind .
 Absolutely brilliant . Best record for several years . Excellent compositions , exceptional singing and masterly played . This is a must have , for all musicfans who like their music leaned back but not without an edge . Ends of with a beautiful cover of a Spain song . Simply amazing .
 The threepiece-band from Norway is back with their fourth and best record so far . Midnight choir operates in a small and often overlooked genre who counts among others Walkabouts and C&C ; the projects of Chris Eckman and Carla Torgerson which also are on here as both producers and musicans . `` Unsong Heroine '' is a railway trip through the american folklanscape with biting hounest melancholi , beautiful and heartbraking without ever being nauseating . The trip starts with `` Double Blank '' that in spite of it ` s six minortuned minutes not at any point gets boring . It continues with `` Electric Rain '' , and the beautiful duet with Carla Torgerson ; `` Empty Street '' is the lovely moment midway through the trip . `` Unsong Heroine '' is far more variable than the last record `` Amsterdam Stranded '' , with imaginative arrangements they keep the listeners attention through all 10 tracks , and when vocalist Paal Flaatas with his moody voice sings ; '' ... all my trouble all my pain , will leave me once again , once again ... '' , on last and maybe best track you step of the train as a new and more experiences man .
 Ever since I have started listening to music a few decades ago ballads have held a special place in my heart . The earliest ballads I remember listening to were songs of Leonard Cohen . The unknown Norwegian jewel I want to recommend strongly to you now took their name from one of his ballads . Their songs are of structure more complex than many ballads you already know and love , their voices are many -LRB- 3 to be exact -RRB- diverse and complementing each other , and lyrics simple but intriguing . When I listen to this album I hear the textures of Leonard Cohen , Neil Young , Stevie Nicks , Mark Hollis , Cat Stevens , Cowboy Junkies , Jackson Browne , Chris Rea ... all of the above being the ground in which the seeds of Midnight Choir could have grown . The style is their own , very stable and strong . Unsung Heroine is an album any fan of the above singers should have . Perhaps song number 8 should not have been included in its present form , and if so , then it should have been dedicated to U2 . My favorite songs are 1,2,4,9 .
 I 'll keep this short
 Sensational fidelity of some of the great big band hits from the thirties and forties ... But get the `` BBC Music from the War Years '' ... many more pieces , as the BBC Big Band CD 's repeat the same pieces under different album CD titles .
 Mitch Farber is a great man ! He knows what he is doing his music is great ! He is my teacher at my school and he is the coolest ! I highly recommend this CD if you want to hear a great musician and great music
 As Rumi becomes more and more popularized in the west with syrupy renderings springing up at the bookstores like ragweed it is wonderful that a recording like this is available to the public ! Here are sincere and disciplined musicians who are working from the heart and not out of your wallet ! This is the real stuff !
 For all lovers of Rumi , the beauty and majesty of his poems and the wonderful array of music that accompanies the selected verses in this collection , must not go unheard or unheeded ...
 Nazeri has done it again . This album is a Must-listen to .
 I love Iranian music . I highly recommend this cd .
 I love this cd . You will too !
 I respect the opinion of everyone who has taken the time to express their views . This CD is without a doubt a jewel to possess in one 's collection , because the artists have struck a brilliant balance between traditional and contemporary Persian music . From start to finish Shahram Nazeri and the masterful musicians perform flawlessly with pure energy and feeling . My suggestion is that you buy this album , turn off all the lights and other distractions in the world and turn up the volume as you take in the love and spiritual high that Mr. Nazeri 's voice exudes . Bravo to the Dastan Ensemble . It 's a rush ...
 As Rumi becomes more and more popularized in the west with syrupy renderings springing up at the bookstores like ragweed it is wonderful that a recording like this is available to the public ! Here are sincere and disciplined musicians who are working from the heart and not out of your wallet ! This is the real stuff !
 I have been a Nazeri fan for quite a while and I have enjoyed most of his CD 's . But he has outdone himself with this CD ! The selection of poems by Molana -LRB- Rumi -RRB- and Hafez , and the musical arrangements are absolutely phenomenal ! This is especially enhanced with Kalhor 's skillful performance . I highly recommend this CD to all Nazeri and Molana fans .
 this album is a great production but there are a few problems Good Points
 This album had a terrific performance of Bayat e Esfehan on Part 1 , With tasnifs Ab e Hayat e Eshgh and Dar Asheghi Peecheedeeam . The Ghateyeh Zarbi was great and the Saz o Avaz 's were good too . But on Part 2 Mahur the album got out of hand . The music was great still but Nazeri was ley-leying and it made it sound unproffessional.The Musicians
 As a big fan of classical persian music and an Iranian I recommand this cd to anyone intersted in molavi 's and nazeri 's work.This very diffrent and amazing work by dastan and nazeri is for sure the best work i heard from them.I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it as much as I do .
 This is yet another masterpiece by Mr. Nazeri and the Dastan Ensemble . In my opinion it is one of the more spiritual albums that Mr. Nazeri has produced . It takes you on a beautiful journey . It took me a few listens to like it because the music is not as rhythmic as some of his other works , but then it kept growing on me with every listen .
 This album is a concert live recording in 1997 in Washington , DC . Since then , Iranian musicians , particularly Kayhan Kalhor of this Dastan Ensemble , have successfully honed their compositions and improvisations toward more contemporary styles . The album has two sections of poetry and musical approaches
 If you are looking for a modern interpretation of Rumi 's poetry , this is the CD to buy . Nazeri is one of the finest Persian singers , and the Dastan Ensemble provides a most fitting accompaniment . The songs , which also include one by Hafiz , are beautiful , profound , moving , and brilliantly performed
 Now I do not speak the toungue communicated in this music , am not anything like an expert in the forms ; in short , naive in most respects to expertly crit . this CD . But I have heard Nazeri on other CDs and I 'd rate his interpretation of Hafiz 's , My Heart is Slipping ' as superior to his other recorded versions . I 'll leave it to more knowledgeable bods to spot where he 's ` messed up ' the performance . Along with the remainder of the album , I 'm enraptured by what I hear . A great place to enter into communion with the foremost Persian poets and musicians .
 My favorite of all her CD 's . What a wonderful voice . LOVE her Billie Holiday covers , but mostly love `` Hey John , '' which i understand is to be about John Lennon . Buy this CD , i doubt you will regret it !
 the cut that truly made the lawn grass grow sho nuff . cold sample and use of leon haywood 's '' i wan na do somethin freaky too you '' and Dr.Dre flipped the cut and had Snoop Dogg bring his skills to flow on the track . yhis track changed the game almost 20 years back . a classic from dr.dre
 A must CD for all those hooked up with dream electronica/trip bliss/dream pop -LRB- three different labels describing the same genre -RRB- . The freshman album of this innovative underground san francisco band will bring you to another world . Its all about shoegazer fused with elements of electronica . Imagine Kevin Shields armed with a sampler instead of an electric guitar . Now you get my point . To Here is When = Fish , albeit modernized . Halica = Shoegazer Bliss . -LRB- and may I plug , get Lali Puna and Guther , you wo n't be disappointed ! Long Live the Dream Pop Revolution ! -RRB-
 1 Fish 11:142 Pulse 10:053 Come To Me 6:434 Follow Me 7:125 Starlife 3:476 Traces 7:357 Jelly Charm 8:35
 If -LRB- Like me -RRB- , you 're only familiar will Eddie Palmieri -LRB- or `` Charlie Palmieri '' -RRB- , via either 's solo work , this will come as something as a slight shock , recorded originally in back in the 70 's with a full band , This recording has been given a new lease of life , by the recent re-release of this seminal cd . This has the opportunity of inticing a new slew of fans , such is the brilliantly performed and arranged material here , that anyone with a passing interest in Latin , Funk , and Afro-Cuban Jazz , simply must check this out.The Running time is only a partly 30 mins , but such complaints do prove to be somewhat redundant , as one listen to the performances contained here , will make such quibbles regarding its length seem foolish . This is the perfect example of the sound of Latin Americans migrating to North America , and becoming influenced by ther new surroundings and forming groups , and then performing/recording expressive and passionate music that not only touches upon the roots of latin music , but sounds like it was influenced by Black music such and R&B ; and early Soul . Because there is so much energy , modal musical shapes , rhythmic precision and melodic arrangements , that it 's truly a wonder that this Cd , has n't had the widespread recognition and praises heaped upon it , like some of the more universally recognised Jazz/Latin albums out there.The Percussion throughout is sublime , and it highlights Eddie & Charlie 's composition and arrangement skills to the fore , and if you 've never given Eddie 's -LRB- or indeed Charlies -RRB- other work the time of day , then I assure you , after listening to this staggering work , you 'll certainly be inclined to seek out more of their work . As it takes on an almost experimental and improvisational feeling , moving effortlessly from mood , groove , feel and texture . multi-dimensional percussion sections , coupled with brass-heavy horn sections , and carefree guitar and ethereal keyboard work . Not that this album is anything less than accessible , which it frequently is ... it 's just that , this feels like a Special moment in time , when all the musicians are perfectly in synch with each other and remain musically locked into each other then and are Instinctually feeding off each other , you should take this opportunity to hear a exceptional one-off spectaclular performance , fron a band that would never -LRB- seemingly -RRB- follow up this landmark album . And it 's a classic , not just purely for how breathtaking brilliant it was , but also for the fact that some 30 years later , it still sounds as innovative and essential as it did in the 70 's . A must have release
 I 'm sitting here . I just unwrapped and listened to this album for the first time after getting it in the mail from Amazon . I ca n't move . I ca n't think . I am having a bit of trouble breathing . I do n't know what to say . I am blown away . Every other song I 've listened to in the following minutes , by other folks in all kinds of other genres , has sounded elucidated , beautified , more unique in itself . Something very rare has happened on this recording.Attempts at musical fusion generally follow one of the two following courses
 I love diving into the music archives on Amazon . Thanks to their recommendations and customer reviews I can discover amazing albums like Harlem River Drive . Wow ! I can only agree with the other raves ; this album is a fantastic fusion of jazz , salsa , and soul . No , it 's not a long album , but every song has that special feeling . Play `` Seeds of Life '' -- and play it loud -- and appreciate this genius blend of styles .
 This is just great music . Funk through the eyes of the great Eddie Palmieri . A total fusion of the time period . A mix of funky , jazzy latin rock-a little like the band `` War '' .
 I had not heard this album in 20 years . It sounds better than I remember . Jimmy Norman is a great singer . Eddie Palmieri was at his best . The musicianship of the band was beyond compare . The lyrics were powerful and had a positive message .
 Eddie Palmieri , like most early-1970s jazz players , must have known popular music had taken over the world and caught the bug.Whether he wanted to make money or just expand his horizons , it really does n't matter.He formed this band , Harlem River Drive , in 1970 , and made one hell of an album . Truth be told , this project does not have much to do with the Latin Jazz Eddie is known for . Harlem River Drive is an out and out soul funk album
 Harlem River Drive is a classic collabo from the 70s featuring piano maestro Eddie Palmieri and his older brother Charlie on the organ . With roots in the pure Puerto Rican salsa of New York City -LRB- Tito Puente , Johnny Pacheco -RRB- , Palmieri weaves in jazz influences from Cal Tjader , and fatback soul from lead singer Jimmy Norman . Palmieri recruited a primo group of talent for the HDR project
 I had the very good fortune to study music , as did Eddie & Charlie Palmieri , Barry Rogers and many others , with the late Bob Bianco , a great man , musician & teacher . The track listing properly credits Bob as co-composer of one piece and for guitar on several tracks . The liner notes single out his soprano sax playing on one of the tracks . Bob sang wonderfully -LRB- hear the final cut on Justicia -RRB- , played piano and guitar but never touched any sax and was not a big fan of soprano in particular . This is a wonderful album of great music ; the liner notes deserve to be as good .
 Harlem River Drive holds a very deep place inside my heart and I 'm glad to see its still alive and well and others out there appreciate this very special music .
 If -LRB- Like me -RRB- , you 're only familiar will Eddie Palmieri -LRB- or `` Charlie Palmieri '' -RRB- , via either 's solo work , this will come as something as a slight shock , recorded originally in back in the 70 's with a full band , This recording has been given a new lease of life , by the recent re-release of this seminal cd . This has the opportunity of inticing a new slew of fans , such is the brilliantly performed and arranged material here , that anyone with a passing interest in Latin , Funk , and Afro-Cuban Jazz , simply must check this out.The Running time is only a partly 30 mins , but such complaints do prove to be somewhat redundant , as one listen to the performances contained here , will make such quibbles regarding its length seem foolish . This is the perfect example of the sound of Latin Americans migrating to North America , and becoming influenced by ther new surroundings and forming groups , and then performing/recording expressive and passionate music that not only touches upon the roots of latin music , but sounds like it was influenced by Black music such and R&B ; and early Soul . Because there is so much energy , modal musical shapes , rhythmic precision and melodic arrangements , that it 's truly a wonder that this Cd , has n't had the widespread recognition and praises heaped upon it , like some of the more universally recognised Jazz/Latin albums out there.The Percussion throughout is sublime , and it highlights Eddie & Charlie 's composition and arrangement skills to the fore , and if you 've never given Eddie 's -LRB- or indeed Charlies -RRB- other work the time of day , then I assure you , after listening to this staggering work , you 'll certainly be inclined to seek out more of their work . As it takes on an almost experimental and improvisational feeling , moving effortlessly from mood , groove , feel and texture . multi-dimensional percussion sections , coupled with brass-heavy horn sections , and carefree guitar and ethereal keyboard work . Not that this album is anything less than accessible , which it frequently is ... it 's just that , this feels like a Special moment in time , when all the musicians are perfectly in synch with each other and remain musically locked into each other then and are Instinctually feeding off each other , you should take this opportunity to hear a exceptional one-off spectaclular performance , fron a band that would never -LRB- seemingly -RRB- follow up this landmark album . And it 's a classic , not just purely for how breathtaking brilliant it was , but also for the fact that some 30 years later , it still sounds as innovative and essential as it did in the 70 's . A must have release
 I heard this album approximately one year after its release . My best friend Leon turned me on to it and I was immediately taken . This is a must have album combining the best of Salsa , Latin and Jazz . Idle Hands is my favorite cut but the entire album is a must have for any serious collector of music -LRB- especially latin and jazz -RRB- . The album reminds me of many days spent during the seventies listening to the great music created during that period . Harlem River Drive stands as a shining example of that period and the great music that was created .
 Eddie Palmieri 's classic latin funk band . Superb , beautiful latin funk from the masters of the genre . Highly recommended .
 this lp is just pure pleasure , spectacular music , between jazz , soul and funk , legendary musicians , great vocals , deep lyrics ... just not to be missed
 Maria Cebotari had a voice for the ages . Her lifespan was , unfortunately for us , in an era of predominantly poor recording techniques . Everything I have heard her sing , especially Richard Strauss and Mozart , was superlative . If one can listen beyond the poor recordings , her voice and artistry shine through . I own every recording I can find of her , and listen to them often . If her life had not been claimed by cancer , she and Elizabeth Schwarzkopf would have ruled the Northern European opera world ! Her Mozart is crystalline , and her Strauss is sublime . Her Puccini is exquisite as well . In many ways , she was the Dinu Lipatti or the William Kappell of the opera world , dying at the height of her power and artistry . She concentrated on four composers ; Mozart , Richard Strauss , Verdi , and Puccini . Strauss said of her , `` She is the best all-rounder on the European stage . '' Years after hear death , Herbert von Karajan said , `` She was the greatest Madame Butterfly I ever conducted . '' I just wish I could hear her sing the Marschallin .
 Not many people have ever heard of Sergei Lemeshev . His name only resounds in Russia and only to the Russia of Stalin . To those who believe they have heard every tenor available on record , give Lemeshev a try . His is a true lyric tenor voice characterized by beauty in the upper registers and almost perfect control throughout . The Russian language may be offputting for some but pay attention to the voice . He was , with Koslowski , the house tenor at the Bolshoi.Koslowski was Stalin 's favorite . Russians of that era still speak of the beauty of Lemeshev 's voice . His Lensky is reknowned . The arias from Pearl Fishers and Sadko are particularly effective here .
 This is a terrific Bear Family project -- a wonderful compilation of excellent East Texas singer 's Capitol Records sides -LRB- late ' 40 's / early ' 50 's -RRB- . He draws from the Western swing tradition of Bob Wills and Spade Cooley , but also has some of the simpler , heartfelt honky tonk approach of Hank Williams , and a very nice . expressive tenor voice . He 's best known for the hit `` I Love You Because , '' but the whole album has gems that are worth hearing . Excellent , detailed booklet too and interesting bio . George Jones recorded a whole album of Payne 's songs , Wilie Nelson cites him as significant early influence and you can see why he 's esteemed . This guy is fantastic -- I wish/hope more of his work gets released !!!
 It is our good fortune this collection exists to showcase the tragically ignored Payne . His songs have thankfully lived on in other artists ' recordings , but his own versions are more than worth hearing and on occasion , revelatory . If you are interested in the music part of country music you will care about Leon Payne .
 This CD is just great ! The modern instrumental -LRB- I did n't want lyrics -RRB- is upbeat and keeps everyone 's toes tapping and heads swaying . It 's good background music to help people feel comfortable and chatty at barbecues , etc. . Nice CD and well worth the price of 9 bucks ! It 's not your father 's `` Danny Boy '' LP ...
 All I can say is this album is AWESOME -LRB- AS WELL AS THE OTHER ALBUM -- GREEN ENERGY -RRB- . You must listen to them both !
 Hello , I bought this CD on my last trip to Buenos Aires . I have to say this is the best tango CD i ever heard . This is a CD that even if you have heard it over 100 times you will want to hear it again . Each time i listen to Cacho Casta & ntilde ; a he makes me feel part of Argentina.Great Buy ,
 Excelente DC , aunque la grabaci&oacute;n que fue en vivo y con un auditorio muy admirador de Cacho a veces entorpece el sonido .
 Tim Bowness , known for collaborations in/with No-Man with Porcupine Tree 's Steven Wilson , Centrozoon , Richard Barbieri , David Torn and others , returns here with his first solo CD . The album is a nice summation of all that Bowness does well in his other projects . There are gorgeous melodies , some electronic and beat-oriented touches , beautiful textures , and often brilliant lyrics . Bowness has one of the most unique and identifiable voices in modern English music , but the key to making this album a success is its intimacy . Despite a wide array of collaborators and musical styles , there are n't any tracks that do n't convey a conversational ease and immediacy . Like the best of work of The Blue Nile , David Sylvian , or Talk Talk , these songs carefully excise anything unnecessary . What remains is full of grace and invention with a wonderful sense of space . Perfect for a listen with headphones or on a melancholy morning . Instrumental contributions from David Picking -LRB- Rhinoceros -RRB- , Stephen Bennett -LRB- Henry Fool -RRB- , and the Centrozoon duo are notable . The track `` Sleepwalker '' deserves to be a hit single , but the final song `` Brave Dreams '' most readily delivers chills up the spine . One star is removed since this album does n't quite deliver on the level of No-Man 's masterpiece `` Returning Jesus , '' but it really is one of the finest album 's I 've heard this year .
 Most people stateside have never heard of Tim Bowness let alone any of his No-Man collaborations with Porcupine Tree 's Steve Wilson . But Bowness cognoscenti will be delighted with this solo effort as it flows much in the same musical direction as No-Man . Low-key , dreamy , and understated , My Hotel Year is a near-perfect album for putting on when its time to seriously unwind . Though this CD is rather brief , there is a lot to like . Notice when you listen that a Bowness song often ends without resolution , leaving the listener to finish it in his/her own mind.I like the whole album to a certain extent , but I think the strongest cuts are Last Year 's Tattoo , The Me I Knew , Made See-Through , Blackrock 2000 , and Sleepwalker.Tim Bowness deserves a lot more recognition than he gets and judging by the prices on some of his other work , he is slowly building a solid fan base . My Hotel Year comes with a booklet containing song info and a few minimalist photos in keeping with the spirit of the music . If you like Michael Franks or the Mark-Almond Band then you should be able to get right into this .
 This is a GREAT CD from a GREAT fiddler !! This is the kind of album that you do n't want to put down ! Pierre and his band play everything from Irish , Scottish , Quebecois , to Swing -LRB- and MORE ! -RRB- If you 're looking for a good fiddle cd , or just want good music , GET THIS ALBUM !
 This is a GREAT CD from a GREAT fiddler !! Acoustique is one of those albums that you do n't want to put down ! Pierre and his band play all different genres of fiddling from Irish , Scottish , Quebecois , to Swing and almost Middle Eastern . If you 're looking for a good fiddle cd , or just good music
 There are basically 3 singles out there to ownwhite cover UK single 1 -LRB- stellar is not actually acoustic like on the drive single -RRB- 1 . Are you in2 . Are you in -LRB- oakenfold remix -RRB- 3 . Stellar -LRB- Acoustic -RRB- Are you in -LRB- video -RRB- red cover UK single 21 . Are you in2 . Wish you were here -LRB- live -RRB- pardon me -LRB- live video -RRB- australian release1 . Are you in2 . Are you in -LRB- oakenfold remix -RRB- 3 . Wish you were here -LRB- live -RRB- 4 . Warning -LRB- live -RRB- 5 . Stellar -LRB- live -RRB- Overall if you just want the tracks , get the aussie single , if you need the videos as well then get the 2 UK cds.as far as tracks go , all of them are very good , the live versions , especially warning are excellent quality . The remix of are you in is surprisingly awesome to the point you would think thats the way the song is meant to sound if hearing it the first time.Hope that is of help
 Buster Williams and the musicians at his side make fantatisc music ! It is sublime and enchanting ! &#34; Prism &#34; and &#34; The enchanted flower &#34; are my favorite ones .
 This band is excellent , but if you want political screams , and anti nazis anthems you should better check other bands . this band talks about love and other stuff with great sense and catchy rhythms , give them chance ... my favorites tracks are innocent bystander and brokeside riot squad , but the full cd is great soft punk rock . they 'll release a new cd , I 've heard some demos and sounds very good ... be prepare .
 To put it simply for those doubters out there -- this CD exemplifies the current `` neo-new wave/electro -LRB- clash -RRB- '' scene -- it combines 80s new wave with 90s techno rave into a new twisted form of EDM . You hear breaks , you hear hardcore techno riffs , you hear robo-voices everywhere , classic mellow Detroit techno all sounds from the '90s -- but put together is a quirky 80s way . It 's like reverse-engineering of electronic dance music for the past 23 years or so.Definitely get this . If I could give it 6 stars I would . And I 'm a DJ that spins drum 'n' bass -- but anyone who truly appreciates good music will enjoy this .
 This is an amazing album ... my first taste of electroclash , and all I can say is that it is like listening to your favourite albums from the 80s , except that you 're hearing all the songs for the first time . Ca n't really call it nostalgia , ` cuz all the songs are new , but it feels like my youth , when friends were electric and video had just killed the radio star ...
 This CD is just wicked . Illustrating the darker , more electro side of this `` electroclash '' culture -LRB- with a few exceptions -RRB- , purchase this CD for these tracks below -- lots of creative , modern electro , UK breaks , classic Detroit techno , robo-voices everywhere , and more than a few bizarre themes in more than a few tracks . The influence of the 90s is as strong as the 80s . Here are my favorite tracks : Harder Stuff -LRB- for club play -RRB- Disc 1:10 . Oscillator11 . Sex With the Machines - Anthony Rother12 . Ocean Drive -LSB- Tiga 's White Linen Vox -RSB- - FPU13 . Fadin ' Away14 . Break 300015 . Let Me Be Me - The Other People Place16 . Radio Jolly -LSB- Adult De-Funked Remix -RSB- ` Harder Stuff -LRB- Disc 2 -RRB- :1 . Pornoactress - Dopplereffekt2 . Little Computer People - The Little Computer People Project3 . Ghost , Pt . 1 - Anthony Rother -LRB- feat . Sven Vath -RRB- 4 . Intruder5 . Bad Girl - Kitbuilders6 . Transfusion - Exzakt7 . Washingtons - Sieg Uber Die Sonne8 . New Definition -LSB- Patrick Pulsinger Remix -RSB- - G D Luxxe -- 11 . Space Invaders Are Smoking Grass - I-4512 . Send - Ellen Allien13 . Video Screen14 . After School Special - Detroit Grand Pubahs '' ` The remaining tracks are all excellent quality . Mellower , more introspective but classy ...
 This one of my favorite CDs for the genre . Each track exemplifies a certain aspect of the era . Years later , I still enjoy this compilation album .
 And amazing collection of great tracks . Just pure quality .
 1.01 DMX Krew - 17 Ways To Break My Heart1 .02 Miss Kittin & The Hacker - Sweet Dreams1 .03 John Starlight - Holy1 .04 Memory Boy - -LRB- There Is No -RRB- Electricity1 .05 Miss Kittin & The Hacker - You & Us1 .06 Adult . - Nausea1 .07 Debasser - Fat Girls1 .08 Aux 88 - Break It Down1 .09 Excel - Destination1 .10 Keith ` DJ K-1 ' Tucker - Oscillator1 .11 Anthony Rother - Sex With The Machines1 .12 FPU - Ocean Drive -LRB- Tiga 's White Linen Vox -RRB- 1.13 Hacker , The - Fadin ' Away1 .14 Break 3000 - Spacemaschinenreise1 .15 Other People Place , The - Let Me Be Me1 .16 Jollymusic - Radio Jolly -LRB- Adult . De-Funked Remix -RRB- 1.17 Golden Boy With Miss Kittin - Rippin Kittin -LRB- Egoexpress Mix -RRB- 1.18 Crossover - Phostographt1 .19 Dakar & Grinser - Stay With Me1 .20 DJ Godfather - Light Speed2 .01 Dopplereffekt - Pornoactress2 .02 Little Computer People - I Am2 .03 Sven V&auml;th & Anthony Rother - Ghost Pt . 12.04 Dexter - Intruder2 .05 Kitbuilders - Bad Girl2 .06 Exzakt - Transfusion2 .07 Sieg &Uuml;ber Die Sonne - Whashingtons2 .08 G.D. Luxxe - New Definition -LRB- Patrick Pulsinger Remix -RRB- 2.09 Alden Tyrell - Love Explosion2 .10 Alexander Robotnik - Probl&egrave;mes D'Amour2 .11 I-f - Space Invaders Are Smoking Grass2 .12 Ellen Allien - Send2 .13 Lolita Strap - Video Screen2 .14 Detroit Grand Pubahs - After School Special -LRB- Featuring Miss Kittin -RRB- 2.15 Steril - Amor Electronique2 .16 Transllusion - Dimensional Glide2 .17 The Radioactive Man - Do The Radioactive2 .18 Carl A. Finlow - Dangerous Devotion2 .19 Sensorama - New Aged2 .20 Der Zyklus - Formenverwandler
 Bueno me parace este Disco sencillamente una buena recopilaci&oacute;n de esa nueva ola Electro Digital . . no hay ningun sonido analogo que aparezca y cada vez sus sonidos llenos de rave y break te haran mover los tobillosy nunca podras parar de escuchar ese album . Canciones indeitas como Swett dreams hecha por Carolina Herver y Hacker es sencillamente un buen cover para estos dos personajes de le escena elctronica que no creen estar de acuerdo con mi opinion de ser una excelente canci&oacute;n . . No dudes en comprarlo !! es una buena pieza !
 `` A Customer '' is wrong . This is an excellent jazz CD , by a very under-rated player . I own this CD . It is one of my favorites . It swings hard . Its foot pattin ' . I usally do n't write reviews , but I could not let `` A customer '' do this music an injustice . One only need to research the sidemen on this date . All of them are first rate , i.e. , Jimmy Ponder etc. . These sidemen would not play with a tenor that could not keep up with them . Nuff ' said . This CD is a bargain/steal !
 Why The Boys ' self-titled release is n't universally recognized as one of the essential albums that defined the 70 's punk rock phenomenon will remain beyond me . Maybe they did n't fit in because they did n't conform to the punk `` look '' and because they were not sponsored by the right people . They were regarded as the Beatles of punk . The funny thing is that they were actually more punk than most bands of the movement . As far as I 'm concerned their first album is the best punk rock album to come out of '77 UK . The sheer energy and overall drive of the music was nearly unparalleled at the time , far ahead of the Pistols and the Clash.The music here is passionate , and it has attitude ; it is somewhat remniscient of the Dead Boys . This is true oldschool punk rock here , the dirty kind of non-political I-don ` t-care rock 'n' roll that set the foundation for the rest of the movement . The music is loud and energetic , and the songwriting is top-notch , almost too good to be punk -LRB- this may have been a reason why they were cast out -RRB- . The Boys take no prisoners as they churn out classic after classic song . From the all-out rebellion that is the opener Sick On You , to the f *** - everything attitude of I Do n't Care , to the amazing Living in the City -LRB- which the Sex Pistols were never quite able to outdo in terms of raw power -RRB- , you 'll be turning this album up louder and louder until you ca n't hear anything else around you , but you wo n't even care to.There are no weak songs here . Catchy riffs and hooks are all over the place , in just about every song . This is n't punk for the sake of punk , this is quality rock 'n' roll that also has all the elements of punk , including loud vocals , distorted guitars , and definitely an overall feel of youth aggression . Whereas other bands were busy coloring their hair and sticking safety pins on their clothes , The Boys channeled the spirit of punk into the music itself . Do yourself a favor and buy this album if you want to hear the real deal .
 Adrian hits it on the head . Why do n't reviewers say `` of all the punk that came before and after the movement , this one album could sit at the very top of that savage pile ? `` The hooks in this thing are notorious . The music feels like it 's barely controlled speed-punk , but you have to believe that somehow they poured their best into it , once you get to know the music . -LRB- It 's not actually that fast . -RRB- They had a rock vision-thang going for one sweet album , it was a historic effort . No one who claims to know the history of punk should ever be caught with his pants down about this record .
 I brought the album `` Who needs guitars `` in the summer of 2000 . I only knew of one single that had been released previously to the albums release and that was the track `` Back in my life '' which was a well nice catchy dance tune and even now , 3 yrs on , when played in clubs i find its still a fresh track to strut to on the dance floor doing your lil ' Disco Diva thing!After first playing the 14 track album i knew it was money well spent ,80 % of the tracks have a good steady banging beat to them and its the kind of album that when you do play it you will find its hard to actually `` sit down '' and listen to it . The tunes are uplifting and without realising it your back up on your feet and doing whatever 's your `` get up thing ! '' Sadly , my thing was ... housework but ... SSsshhh ! its a secret ! -RRB- The remaining 20 % of the albums tracks are sung slower but they are equally as good because Alice Deejay 's lyric 's are strong and full of meaning . I do believe she sings passionatly and from the heart . The album is 52 min 's long and i promise you that its a good buy !
 I had no idea what Peace Trials was , but the cover looked interesting , and i like to own music across the spectrum.And this album is the outer limits . About half an hour of electronic hum , guitar crackle , voices , a buffet of sounds without structure.Which is great if you are open minded , or better yet like me , just do n't regard lines between music , noise and sound . I like a little bit -- more like a lot -- of everything , including those weird outlier records that get once a decade play around my house . This fits and i am glad I oen it
 this mzzo-soprano is great ... she is a lighter and lyric mezzo . In this album ... she sung the french arias with phrasing in detail ... especially in the `` Nuit Resplendissante '' . The balance between head vioce and chest voice in her singing is good . Her singing can really touches my heart ... it is worthy to buy this album ... especially than you are tired in listening to the darker or dramatic mezzo-sopranos .
 MAGDALENA KOZENA es una mezzosoprano basicamente ligada al barroco , y particularmente a Bach y Haendel . Sorprende por tanto la aparici&oacute;n de este cd dodne interpreta un variado abanico de arias francesas , roles que no ha debutado en teatro y que se alejan de su estilo habitual.Aun as&iacute; , Kozena canta estas arias divinamente con estilo propio
 This Reunion of two superstars is long overdue in CD form . Every one of the 24 songs is enjoyable . My own favorite is The Moon is a Harsh Mistress . I 'm not a big country music fan , but this album should appeal to a wide range of listeners . I 've been a Jimmy Webb fan since his work with the 5th Dimension and Richard Harris . His writing is the best , and Glen Campbell 's voice has never sounded better . I ordered the CD based on the pre-release mention on the VH-1 special on Glen Campbell and have played it daily since it arrived . It 's a real pleasure to hear this great work .
 Well , I feel compelled to tell you that `` The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress , '' `` I Keep it Hid , '' and `` Brand New Eyes , '' are among the most heart rending songs I 've had the pleasure of hearing . Some of the songs on this collection are just what one might expect - fine examples of American song writing , nothing more . But every now and again as the songs unfurl , an astounding piece of music raises the hair on the back of the neck . A splended excursion in songcraft .
 When we bemoan the awful disco of the 1970s , we forget the creatuve force of writers like Jimmy Webb . His `` Reunion '' album with Glen Campbell -LRB- in fine voice -- light years from his insufferable `` Rhinestone Cowboy '' days -RRB- -- features excellent imagery-laden lyrics with heart-tugging melodies and gorgeous string arrangements that never seem smarmy . `` Wishing Now , '' `` It Must Be a Sin , '' and `` I Keep It Hid '' are worth the whole price of admission . Even though some of the added material features non-Webb arrangements that pale in comparison -LRB- though Campbell meets the challenge of `` Highwayman '' -RRB- , the whole thing reminds you of a time when genuine emotion still pervaded popular music . Some lovely stuff here .
 Of all the great song writers whose work is best interpreted by someone else , only the Byrds doing Bob Dylan can outdo Glen Campbell 's covers of Jimmy Webb tunes.This CD is made up of the 1974 Campbell-Webb `` Reunion '' album and fourteen `` bonus '' tracks . -LRB- You get a lot for your money . -RRB- On a solid CD full of great music , `` The Moon is a Harsh Mistress '' stands out as the best , as beautiful a song as any that Jimmy Webb has ever written , and Glen Campbell 's version sends shivers up the spine . `` The Moon is a Harsh Mistress '' reminds me a lot of Gordon Lightfoot 's `` The Last Time I Saw Her Face '' -LRB- which Campbell has covered -RRB- , and , like the Lightfoot song , the lyrics are stronger than the music.Another stand out track is `` Christiaan No , '' Webb 's ode to his son -LRB- Campbell 's Godson -RRB- . This is one of those CDs that you can listen to from beginning to end without skipping a tune . Sitting back and enjoying music like this is one of life 's great pleasures .
 Just got word that Glen Campbell is finally being inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame . While you can make the argument that Campbell - at his peak - was not a country singer -LRB- and make a valid point at that -RRB- , it is also true that his influence on country music has been significant -LRB- especially in the role of introducing a nation to country music via his late 60 's classics and TV show -RRB- . All the hub-bub of his induction took me back to a record I feel is his best -LRB- though I doubt anyone on the CMHF induction committee has even heard it -RRB- . `` Reunion '' -LRB- the original title of the LP before all the extras got thrown in with the late 90 's re-release on CD -RRB- is that rarest of efforts - a classic very few people are aware of . Country Music immortality may be where GC is headed , but at his best -LRB- like here -RRB- he was more accurately a peer of The Beach Boys , The Mamas and the Pappas , Harry Nilsson , Jimmy Webb -LRB- the performer -RRB- and that particular brand of late 60 's pop that came out of southern California.This is a pop record in the best sense of that much maligned word . Webb 's music and input is obviously central . He wrote most of the tunes and his hand can be heard in arrangement sense and in Campbell 's brilliant delivery -LRB- as Webb related material always seems to bring out the best in the singer -RRB- . The Little Feat tune `` Roll Me Easy '' opens the set and you would think it was written for Campbell . The lyrics are a little off his standard fare -LRB- `` eloquent profanity just rolls right off my tongue '' -RRB- , but he nails it . The standouts here are `` Wishing Now '' , `` Ocean In His Eyes '' and `` The Moon 's A Harsh Mistress '' . Listening to the intricate lyrics amongst the lush arrangements , one would think Webb the lyricist and Campbell the vocalist invented wistfullness -LRB- in the pop music sense -RRB- . These songs juxtaposed to the kind of music one is likely to hear on pop radio now days -LRB- from the overtly dumb , to the overtly calculated , to the equally calculated `` modern '' country -RRB- blows the mind . To think so much ground has been lost in the thirty or so years since `` Reunion '' was released is sad indeed -LRB- though a reflection of everything else lost in that time period -RRB- . Be warned , on first listen , this record might leave you scratching your head . It is upon repeated listenings that the pearl is delivered . The songs are not as easily accessible as `` Wichita Lineman '' and the other mega-hits from the Campbell/Webb catalogue , but they are every bit as brilliant and the tougher-to-access character makes the payoff all the better . Campbell has been largely known as a `` singles '' artist , having made some uneven and quickly produced LP 's -LRB- though some of those LP 's delivered some unforseen minor classics - see `` Reason To Believe '' , `` I Do n't Believe You '' and `` Love Is Not A Game '' , to name a few -RRB- . It is the very fact that this LP appears to have been made with focus on the whole as opposed to ensuring there is an obvious single -LRB- there is not -RRB- that makes it even more unique . A million people -LRB- though I doubt that many have heard these songs -RRB- could blah-blah forever about it . Bottom line is this is classic pop music and is recommended highly .
 After years of waiting , here is a well put together release featuring the entire `` Reunion '' lp + other classic Glen/Jimmy Webb gems that are just now becoming available on CD for the first time and boy is it nice to hear these in the digital format . So clean sounding ! This should hopefully make way for some more Glen albums to come out on CD . Lovely job on the liner notes too !
 Finally , the long awaited CD that all of us Glen Campbell/Jimmy Webb fans have been waiting for ! This CD includes Glen 's best album from the 70s , `` Reunion '' , along with virturally all of his covers of Webb 's later songs . A must have CD !
 Say what you will about Glen Campbell the man has one heck of a voice . Although his material often borders on , and , on occasion , crosses the `` corny '' line . Not so in his collaborations with the great Jimmy Webb . For a more perfect marriage of songwriter and singer , you 'd have to go to Bacharach/Warwick or Carole King/Dusty Springfield.This album is a veritable treasure trove of some of the most beautiful , yet obscure , Jimmy Webb songs . Webb 's lyrics have always astounded me - so much depth for such a young man -LRB- barely out of his teens at the time -RRB- . Jimmy Webb wrote some of the most poignantly mature lyrics -LRB- and , to an extent , melodies -RRB- to ever be recorded in the 20th Century . There are songs on this album - `` The Moon 's A Harsh Mistress '' , `` You Might As Well Smile '' - which are so sophisticated yet heart rending that you just might find your eyes welling up.In the late 60 's and early 70 's , Jimmy Webb had no real competition when it came to writing songs of lost love . And , Glen Campbell 's huge vocal range just serves the songwriter 's intent like a hand in a glove . It 's nothing short of a blessing that these 2 men worked together so well.If you purchase no other Jimmy Webb and/or Glen Campbell album , you owe it to yourself to savor this musical feast . It 's that good ! But , do n't take my word for it - hearing is believing .
 I have very little in my head from the 70 's . But I had the cassette of this album and played it in a shoebox player until it broke . I probably have every song in my head still . I wish more singers would create cds of special writers songs like this .
 As other reviewers have righly asked , how was this not a big seller upon its release ? So many good songs , sung so well . I never tire of listening to this one .
 Jimmy Webb is the quintessential great American poet and Glen Campbell is the only voice alive who knows Jimmy Webb 's heart well enough to vocalize it this well ! This is a beautiful album - every lyric and every note !! How 's this for poetry ? `` I remember times when you held me . You 'd freeze my spine . We were lookin ' in the mirror at the time ; I got confused and I thought your eyes were mine ... '' GOOSEBUMPS I TELL YOU ! In addition to the great songs from the original Reunion CD , there are bonuses on this compilation like Still Within the Sound of My Voice and the ONLY VERSION of The Highwayman that is worth listening to is by Glen Campbell -LRB- I mean , I like Willie and Johnny and Waylon as well as the next person , but Glen just GETS IT , you know ? -RRB- . Another favorite is Light Years ... one man feels what he writes down to his very bones and the other one sings what he feels down to his soul ... you simply can not go wrong with this CD -LRB- program your player to skip the song In Cars ... ENJOY ENJOY ENJOY , And what ever you do - BUY THIS !!!
 Raven Records has salvaged some amazing songs . Reunited is a superb album . Not only does it showcase the unique songwriting of Jimmy Webb -LRB- you can tell a Jimmy Webb song from the first note -RRB- , but it shows what an excellent singer GLen Campbell is . I have Shawn Colvin to thank for guiding me towards this album . She covered `` If These Walls Could Speak '' on her `` Cover Girl '' album , and noted what an great but overlooked album `` Light Years '' is . In my search for it , I found `` Reunited . '' Thanks to Raven Records for reissuing these excellent tracks . It is a shame that they have been out of print for so long . I always new what a great songwriter Webb was , but I never realized what a GREAT singer Glen Campbell is . His voice has gotten better over the years . Buy this album !
 What happens when two extremely talented individuals , one a vocalist/studio musician and the other a songwriter , collaborate ? Well , for one , you get timeless songs such as `` Wichita Lineman '' , `` By The Time I Get To Phoenix '' , and `` Galveston '' . But in this instance , you also get a wonderful collection of songs , which for whatever bizarre reason , never really `` made it '' on the charts . But do not be put off by this minutia ! `` Reunited '' contains some awesome works that stand proudly on their own - right up their with the afformentioned tunes , IMHO ! It 's all here , Glen 's soaring vocals coupled with Jimmy 's incredible writing , arrangements and `` hooks '' . Most of the first 12 cuts come from `` Reunion '' , and the rest from Glen 's later albums . All are written by Webb with the exception of `` About the Ocean '' which was written by Jimmy 's sister -LRB- even that one sounds like Jimmy ! -RRB- . Ironically , two of the best cuts -LRB- `` You Might As Well Smile '' , `` Wishing Now '' -RRB- are the only two not mentioned in the liner notes . Go figure!If you do n't have this CD and you like Glen Cambell or Jimmy Webb , RUN do not walk to your nearest store -LRB- or computer -RRB- and buy this CD . You will not be sorry !
 This album remains has remained my all time favorite for 22 years.Glen Campbell sings Jimmy Webb like no other.While this CD offers extra 's -- the Reunion album is the first 10 songs-the songs are exquisite , Campbell 's singing delivery is clear and uneffected , while DELIVERING each and every song.Orchestration is seventies , strings , etc. -- but it supports the songs.If only I had taken the trip to New York to see he and WEbb last year at FEINSTEIN 's -- I heard it was amazing .
 As of this writing , this great CD was on `` limited availability '' . This is a CD that I ca n't get out of my head and break into song while listening to it . It 's very moving and melodious . Yes , I love Jimmy Webb and Glen Campbell but may not have bought it if I did n't read the reviews . The reviews were so upbeat that I bought the album and have it playing as I write . Please note that there is another CD called Glen Campbell `` Reunion '' . Do n't get that one . Get this one . The cover looks the same but this one has 24 songs on it rather than the normal number . Rated it 5 stars - you 'll sing along too .
 If Reunion would have been a followup to Rhinestone Cowboy - it would have been one of the best of the 70s . Great material .
 As someone who LOVES the music and heart of Jimmy Webb , I was delighted with this album . All of the Reunion cuts are fabulous , but I already had them . The song Lightening In A Bottle alone is worth buying the album . It is Jimmy Webb and Glen Campbell at their collective best . For Webbheads everywhere and Glen Campbell fans -- you got ta have it !
 I have other Jimmy Webb CDs and this is a perfect compliment to those albums . If you are a big Glen Campbell fan , this is PERFECT for you . If not , get it for Jimmy Webb .
 As someone who LOVES the music and heart of Jimmy Webb , I was delighted with this album . All of the `` Reunion '' cuts are fabulous , but I already had them . The song `` Lightening In A Bottle '' alone is worth buying the album . It is Jimmy Webb and Glen Campbell at their collective best . For Webbheads everywhere and Glen Campbell fans -- you got ta have it !
 Jimmy Webb is the most amazing song-writer I 've ever heard . Whether in the melody or in the lyrics each song is a work of genius . This cd doesnt even have Galveston or Wichita Lineman on it and its still the best on I 've ever heard . 15 dollars for it is a steal
 This is the album that made me forget I only listened to rock . Before `` Reunion '' , I looked with disdain on anything that smacked of country music . I disliked country and disliked people who liked country music.Then , with this record , I realized that genius knows no boundaries . Jimmy Webb may be one of America 's greatest contemporary composers and no one can deliver his compositions more elegantly than Glen Campbell.If you love melody , if one of the things you love about music is that it can take you down to that place of reflection and remembrance , if you understand the difference between sentiment and abject pain , then you must listen , and then listen again , to this masterpiece of an album .
 Beginning around 1967 , songwriter Jimmy Webb and singer Glen Campbell were often mentioned in the same breath . That 's because Campbell recorded so many Webb songs , and had so many hits with them -LRB- including `` By the Time I Get To Phoenix , '' `` Galveston , '' `` Wichita Lineman '' and `` Honey Come Back , '' as well as lesser-known songs such as `` Just Another Piece of Paper '' -RRB- , and the match was perfect . While Webb 's songs were also hits by the likes of The Fifth Dimension , Art Garfunkel , Richard Harris and the Brooklyn Bridge , Campbell remained at the forefront of Webb interpreters . When the LP `` Reunion '' was issued by Capitol Records in 1974 , it was a godsend for Webb/Campbell fans . It contained eight Webb compositions , plus one song each by Webb 's sister Susan , and a tune by Little Feat 's Lowell George , both superbly arranged by Webb . No hits came from the LP , and to my knowledge , no singles were issued . When the LP eventually went out of print , those of us who loved it bemoaned its unavailability . But now , Raven Records has reissued it on CD as `` Reunited , '' with FOURTEEN bonus tracks ! These tracks are Webb songs that Campbell recorded here and there over the years for Capitol , Atlantic and MCA Records , and it 's SO wonderful to have them all gathered together here . If all you know is Campbell 's hit records and Webb 's hit songs , here 's your chance to hear outstanding renditions of terrific songs . The beautiful , timeless `` The Moon 's A Harsh Mistress '' is here , along with such unheralded gems as `` Lightning In A Bottle '' -LRB- one of Webb 's best songs and one of Campbell 's finest vocals -RRB- and `` If These Walls Could Speak . '' Both Webb and Campbell were at the absolute top of their forms on the songs that make up this CD , and Raven Records is to be commended for the reissue , which includes an informative photo-laden booklet . Check out the samples offered by amazon , com , then BUY THIS CD ! You wo n't be sorry !
 From the first tune , the chills came back . And when Glen rips into the words early on in Just This One Time , I was back to the old chair with the vinyl on the stereo . The tunes are a testament to Webb 's remarkable writing and arranging talents . He puts himself up for all to see and speaks as if he has read my thoughts . Such a long lost treasure found again ... thanks to the Aussies for put it all together ! Now I must get back to listening ... and smiling !
 This CD elevates Glen Campbell 's talent to heights that would surprise those of you who only know him by Rhinestone Cowboy and Southern Nights.This folk/pop/country / gospel collection rivals the finest works of James Taylor , Art Garfunkel , Jim Croce and well , you name it.All the tracks from 1974 's REUNION album are here , which Rolling Stone magazine labeled Glen 's finest album of the 1970 's . Plus tracks which will knock your socks off including the wonderful homage song to a three year old son , Christiaan No from 1976 . Early Morning Song from 1977 which is eerie and charming at the same time . Highwayman from 1979 , the song later made a big hit by Johnny Cash , etc. which Glen helped on behind the scenes and proves the reincarnation theory . Even the song reincarnated itself to be a Grammy award winner in the 1980 's ! Lightning In A Bottle is gorgeous , beautiful and a masterpiece and 1987 's Still Within The Sound of My Voice picks up where Playground Susie ended 30 years prior . 24 tracks in total makes this an outstanding value and you will listen and listen again.Bottom line , buy it , this is a blue chip CD you want in your portfolio of music !
 Okay , put aside everything you know about `` Glen Campbell '' -LRB- Tanya , the born again stuff , whatever ... -RRB- and buy this astonishing CD . It 's clear through this comprehensive release that Jimmy Webb is at the peak of America 's songwriters in either the 20th or 21st century -- there 's just something about a Webb song that digs so much deeper than anything anyone else writes and yet the songs remain fully based in the singable pop genre . And Campbell here knocks them all out of the ballpark . Among the many vast highlights are `` Still Within the Sound of My Voice , '' `` I Keep It Hid '' and `` The Highwayman . '' If you 're in any way an admirer of the extensive songwriter/singer work between Webb and singers such as Art Garfunkel -LRB- the sensational `` Watermark '' CD -RRB- and Linda Ronstadt -LRB- especially on `` Cry Like A Rainstorm '' -RRB- , then this CD is an absolute must . In fact , this has zoomed up into my top CDs of all time -LRB- and that company includes Jennifer Warnes ' `` Famous Blue Raincoat '' , Joni Mitchell 's `` Court and Spark '' , Mary Chapin Carpenter 's `` Come On Come On '' and Jane Olivor 's `` First Night . '' -RRB- Highest recommendation !
 The assiduous Glenn A Baker has again dug deep into the archives to unearth 14 bonus tracks to tack onto the superb , ` Reunion ' album of Webb and Campbell from 1974 . Liner notes speak of Campbell 's ` raw , impassioned quality ' on those initial 30 minutes . With Webb more restrained at the keyboard , the balance with the singer is just right . The album kicks off with a sensational reading of Lowell George 's , ` Roll me Easy ' . He could not have avoided hearing George 's sumptuous , swaggeringly sensual version , doing the rounds at the time . Campbell triumphs , however , with a vigour I 'd never heard from him until this moment . Until Webb 's , ` Archives ' was released -LRB- with the unavailability of his masterly , ` Land 's End ' -RRB- it was difficult to access the superb , ` Just This One Time ' . ` The Moon 's A Harsh Mistress ' is another achingly sweet work , every bit as seductive as the better known version by Art Garfunkle . And , ` It 's a Sin ' is a scorching finale to the original set . The bonus stuff is not up to its meter . ` Highwayman ' and ` Love Song ' are both more convincing on Webb 's CDs . Only , ` Light Years ' and , ` If These Walls Could Speak ' hint at the glory attained in the preceeding , reunion . They are not poor pop or country by current standards . But they are not the high octane Campbell of this one outing which cut him from the plethora of competent cowboy singers of his day .
 I ca n't express my gratitude at the reviews I 've read enough - I remember finding `` Reunion '' in the remainder bin at a Caldor 's a couple of decades ago . I could n't believe what I was listening to when I got it home . How could this album not be a top seller , I thought ? `` Wishing Now '' is one of the most achingly joyous , if that 's the best way to put it , songs of longing you 'll ever hear . `` You Might As Well Smile '' is a masterpiece of soulful humanity . `` The Moon 's a Harsh Mistress '' is pure poetry set to music . One of the GREAT albums of all time - period .
 This disc proves that there 's much more to the Campbell/Webb association than the 4 or 5 hits from the late 60s we all know and love . ` The Moon 's A Harsh Mistress ' , ` Highwayman ' , ` Lightning in a Bottle ' and ` If These Walls Could Speak ' are particularly fine Webb songs and they 're given superb renditions by Campbell . The chemistry has always been right between these two and I hope it 's not the last we hear of them together .
 Words have been crafted in previous reviews which dwarf my abilities yet I must include the following information
 I could n't resist , I had to own this CD . Kenny 's voice on these easy-listening standards was worth listening to . So I tried it , and was I ever taken aback . His rough , yet soothing voice unwrapped a new sound to these classics . It 's hard to compare , because these are proven songs , but Kenny 's effort deserves recognition .
 I am so glad I found this CD to download it . It brought me back to my early 20s . I am German , living in Oregon and so I understand his lyrics . They are deep , funny and sometimes sarcastic . Just a wonderful album .
 I respect the opinion of everyone who has taken the time to express their views . This CD is without a doubt a jewel to possess in one 's collection , because the artists have struck a brilliant balance between traditional and contemporary Persian music . From start to finish Shahram Nazeri and the masterful musicians perform flawlessly with pure energy and feeling . My suggestion is that you buy this album , turn off all the lights and other distractions in the world and turn up the volume as you take in the love and spiritual high that Mr. Nazeri 's voice exudes . Bravo to the Dastan Ensemble . It 's a rush ...
 As Rumi becomes more and more popularized in the west with syrupy renderings springing up at the bookstores like ragweed it is wonderful that a recording like this is available to the public ! Here are sincere and disciplined musicians who are working from the heart and not out of your wallet ! This is the real stuff !
 I have been a Nazeri fan for quite a while and I have enjoyed most of his CD 's . But he has outdone himself with this CD ! The selection of poems by Molana -LRB- Rumi -RRB- and Hafez , and the musical arrangements are absolutely phenomenal ! This is especially enhanced with Kalhor 's skillful performance . I highly recommend this CD to all Nazeri and Molana fans .
 this album is a great production but there are a few problems Good Points
 This album had a terrific performance of Bayat e Esfehan on Part 1 , With tasnifs Ab e Hayat e Eshgh and Dar Asheghi Peecheedeeam . The Ghateyeh Zarbi was great and the Saz o Avaz 's were good too . But on Part 2 Mahur the album got out of hand . The music was great still but Nazeri was ley-leying and it made it sound unproffessional.The Musicians
 As a big fan of classical persian music and an Iranian I recommand this cd to anyone intersted in molavi 's and nazeri 's work.This very diffrent and amazing work by dastan and nazeri is for sure the best work i heard from them.I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it as much as I do .
 This is yet another masterpiece by Mr. Nazeri and the Dastan Ensemble . In my opinion it is one of the more spiritual albums that Mr. Nazeri has produced . It takes you on a beautiful journey . It took me a few listens to like it because the music is not as rhythmic as some of his other works , but then it kept growing on me with every listen .
 This album is a concert live recording in 1997 in Washington , DC . Since then , Iranian musicians , particularly Kayhan Kalhor of this Dastan Ensemble , have successfully honed their compositions and improvisations toward more contemporary styles . The album has two sections of poetry and musical approaches
 If you are looking for a modern interpretation of Rumi 's poetry , this is the CD to buy . Nazeri is one of the finest Persian singers , and the Dastan Ensemble provides a most fitting accompaniment . The songs , which also include one by Hafiz , are beautiful , profound , moving , and brilliantly performed
 Now I do not speak the toungue communicated in this music , am not anything like an expert in the forms ; in short , naive in most respects to expertly crit . this CD . But I have heard Nazeri on other CDs and I 'd rate his interpretation of Hafiz 's , My Heart is Slipping ' as superior to his other recorded versions . I 'll leave it to more knowledgeable bods to spot where he 's ` messed up ' the performance . Along with the remainder of the album , I 'm enraptured by what I hear . A great place to enter into communion with the foremost Persian poets and musicians .
 As Rumi becomes more and more popularized in the west with syrupy renderings springing up at the bookstores like ragweed it is wonderful that a recording like this is available to the public ! Here are sincere and disciplined musicians who are working from the heart and not out of your wallet ! This is the real stuff !
 For all lovers of Rumi , the beauty and majesty of his poems and the wonderful array of music that accompanies the selected verses in this collection , must not go unheard or unheeded ...
 Nazeri has done it again . This album is a Must-listen to .
 I love Iranian music . I highly recommend this cd .
 I love this cd . You will too !
 Chopper Girl 's debut album on HooDoo Labs is a throwback to an older often times forgotten subgenre of Memphis rap.The album has dark overtones and rides a fine line between Horrorcore and Gangsta Rap . Touching on a variety of subjects Chopper Girl seems to show she is n't a one trick pony and this album has selections ranging from a high octane posse cut to dark and sinister tracks that are heavily influenced by vodou and all the way back to selections that will easily get people moving in the clubs and c-walking on the streets . A veritable whose who of Memphis artists make guest appearances both vocally and on the production side of the house . I highly recommend this for anyone who is a fan of Memphis underground .
 Chopper Girl is on fire ! This album , her debut , is packed full of topics , tempos , lyrics , collabos , and crunkness ! This woman is living proof that Memphis Rap is NOT dead , but alive , well , and thriving ! There was n't a song on this album that I did n't like . I 'm telling you , `` Dirty Dolla $ '' is a MUST have for all the TRUE Memphis Rap Bumpers .
 This is definitely worth coppin . Got some bumpin tracks . It contains a variety of songs , she is NOT one of them artist where all tracks sound the same . 15 tracks , and at least 10 of them are worth bumpin all the time . She has a music video for `` Still Buck '' too . You can download it from her labels website . HoodooLabs.com
 Okay , a lot of this has been released elsewhere and some might find the price tag unjustified . However , this is worth it if for no other reason than the weird postmodern refraction -LRB- or something like that -RRB- of Robyn covering fellow '80s college rock casualties of the great alternative sellout of the 1990s , The Psychedelic Furs . `` The Ghost in You '' gains something in his sparse folk arrangement that it did n't have in its synth heavy/Richard Butler 's limited vocal range but still great original version.Get it before it goes out of print like every other Hitchcock release.Signed , epsteinsmutha
 This is a bootleg and quite a number of the tracks have since been released as bonus tracks on the Rhino issues . But there 's still a few choice nuggets that will delight the Hitchcock fan that one would be hard pressed to find anywhere else .
 `` Moonchild '' -LRB- one word -RRB- , is not to be confused with `` Moon Child '' -LRB- two words -RRB- , which is a 1962 Lylte LP . Johnny Lytle had a habit of naming LPs he recorded in the 80s and 90s after ones he 'd recorded in the 60s . These later LPs usually featured a reworked version of the title tune from the similarly/same-named 60s set . This may be confusing , but it is not bad , as these later albums turned out to be quite excellent . This particular `` Moonchild '' was recorded in NYC in August 1991 , for a 1992 release date . It finds Lytle in top form . If you have a familiarity with this most mesmerizing of vibes players , then you may be aware that he was a man concerned with the quality of his musical output . By all accounts , Lytle was a man of character , and the effort and joy he put into every recording bears this out.Right off the bat with `` Meet Ben Bailey , '' our listening is payed off with the bright , luminous tones of Lytle 's vibes as enchanting as ever over a percolating percussion groove in the timelessly hip fashion of his 60s/70s works . Some experimentation with more modern forms follows with an unconventional version of `` Caravan , '' featuring a contemporary urban funk shuffle . Everything done over that beat , however , sticks to a classic sort of 60s sensibility , though there ARE tiny manifestation of some of the musical history which had transpired since then . The remaining tracks are firmly in the classic mode . A couple more standouts are the relaxed A-Train-esque bop of `` Watch What Happens '' and the bright , up-tempo swing of `` Well You Need n't . `` Of course all of these tunes are longer than the numbers on the classic 60s Lytle LPs , with four of them passing the eight minute mark . This leaves plenty of room for more expansive soloing , and whilst everyone gets in on the act , Lytle remains the driving force.The personnel : Johnny Lytle - vibesHouston Person - tenor saxBenny Green - pianoRay Drummond - bassCecil Brooks III - drumsSammy Figueroa - percussionLength
 There are basically 3 singles out there to ownwhite cover UK single 1 -LRB- stellar is not actually acoustic like on the drive single -RRB- 1 . Are you in2 . Are you in -LRB- oakenfold remix -RRB- 3 . Stellar -LRB- Acoustic -RRB- Are you in -LRB- video -RRB- red cover UK single 21 . Are you in2 . Wish you were here -LRB- live -RRB- pardon me -LRB- live video -RRB- australian release1 . Are you in2 . Are you in -LRB- oakenfold remix -RRB- 3 . Wish you were here -LRB- live -RRB- 4 . Warning -LRB- live -RRB- 5 . Stellar -LRB- live -RRB- Overall if you just want the tracks , get the aussie single , if you need the videos as well then get the 2 UK cds.as far as tracks go , all of them are very good , the live versions , especially warning are excellent quality . The remix of are you in is surprisingly awesome to the point you would think thats the way the song is meant to sound if hearing it the first time.Hope that is of help
 True , the orchestra is a big , full one and not the smaller , more currently fashionable size ; and the instruments are contemporary and not those of Mozart 's period ; and the singers , except for the leading lady , Eleanor Steber , were new to Mozart when hired to sing and record these roles ; and this recording uses an English translation instead of the original Italian ; and , I assume that the score has been abridged since this recording is complete on two CD 's instead of the usual three . All of the above being true , I 'd still recommend this version of Mozart 's most charming music.Certainly the orchestra , under Fritz Stiedry , sounds wonderful -- even though the recording was made for Columbia Records 50-odd years ago , it is a big , warm , luscious sound remastered by Sony for their superb Masterworks Series . The artwork is that of the original with a thoughtful essay by The Earl of Harewood and the liner notes are complete with many charming photographs of the original sessions.All of the principal singers are first rate with special marks going to Steber and her tenor , Richard Tucker . The translation is , surprisingly enough , witty and clever . And the singers all enunciate English very well.I think anyone 's first choice for an opera recording should be in the original language , but if you can afford to buy two , this one , in English , would make a terrific second set .
 This recording is an important historical document of the 1951 Metropolitan Opera production designed by Rolf Gerard and directed by Alfred Lunt -LRB- of Broadway 's famous Lunt and Fontaine . -RRB- One of Sir Rudolf Bing 's early successes , it lasted all the way up to 1981 , and was repeated 70 times . This production was part of the 1950 's trend of making opera more accessible to the Metropolitan public by using an English singing version with some Broadway zip , this one by the ubiquitous Ruth and Thomas Martin , published in the G. Schirmer score . For all of you opera workshop folks singing and staging scenes from Cosi
 Sony , Columbia , whatever , abandoned this recording resurrection series and started deleting . This is a wonderful performance and an excellent argument for popularizing opera by singing it in an understandable language . In English Cosi comes across like a hip Broadway musical done `` in the style of Mozart '' and that ai n't bad ! Playing Mozart the old way ai n't bad either , I 'm starting to like this non-historical but enthusiastic approach more and more.Not a review so much as an alert to pick this up whenever you have a chance and before the used price hits the $ 100.00 mark .
 SOURCE : Studio recording made in June 1952 at the Columbia 30th Street Studio in New York City and originally released by Columbia Records in 1952 . SOUND : Good early 1950s mono from the period just before the wide-spread introduction of stereo recording . As was usual at the time , the voices were well-captured and placed well forward -LRB- as I personally prefer them to be -RRB- , but the orchestra sounds a bit compressed and boxy by digital-era standards . The chorus is distant and slightly mushy . On the whole , the sound is perfectly acceptable if heard with good will.CAST : Fiordiligi , a wealthy and proper -LRB- ? -RRB- young lady , sister of Dorabella - Eleanor Steber -LRB- soprano -RRB- Dorabella , a wealthy and proper -LRB- ? -RRB- young lady , sister of Fiordiligi - Blanche Thebom -LRB- mezzo-soprano -RRB- Ferrando , a young man in love with love and foolish wagers - Richard Tucker -LRB- tenor -RRB- Guglielmo , a young man in love with love and foolish wagers - Frank Guarrera -LRB- baritone -RRB- Don Alfonso , an older friend -LRB- ? -RRB- to the four young lovers , much given to cynicism and treacheries - Lorenzo Alvary -LRB- bass-baritone -RRB- Despina , maid to Fiordiligi and Dorabella and not averse to making a profit by posing as a doctor and a notary - Roberta Peters -LRB- soprano -RRB- CONDUCTOR : Fritz Stiedry , with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra and Chorus , with piano continuo for the dry recitatives by Josef Blatt.COMMENTARY : When Rudolf Bing came unexpectedly -LRB- even for him -RRB- to take over the Metropolitan Opera in New York , he set out to provide some box office hits to start off his tenure with a bang . He was successful from the start with a new production of `` Die Fledermaus '' -LRB- for which he had unsuccessfully attempted to snare no less formidable comedian than Charlie Chaplin -RRB- and then in the 1951-52 season with `` Cos&igrave; fan tutte . '' Both productions were in brand new English translations.The original stage cast was the same as on this recording , save for Partice Munsel as Despina and John Brownlee as Don Alfonso . Patrice Munsel is perhaps no great loss , but it is regrettable that Australian John Browlee was replaced by Alvary , whose native Hungarian accent tends to separate him from the other singers to no good purpose.The translation is by the team of Ruth and Thomas Martin and it 's a pretty good one . The Martins were quite skillful in converting Italian libretti into mid-20th Century American idiom . The translation sings well and sounds well , falling into overblown staginess only occasionally when adhering especially faithfully to the original text.I had been aware of this production for many years but had never heard it . Frankly , I was steered away the thought of Richard Tucker -- of all unlikely people in the world ! -- doing Mozart . At last , though , I stumbled upon a used copy at such small price that I could n't pass it up . Imagine my surprise to discover that Tucker -- Tucker !! -- was not only capable of singing Mozart , but pretty good at it . Oh , along with the rest of the cast , he avoided the vocal decorations we now consider to be essential . But fashions change , and he was true to his era . The great , loud , ultra-emotionalism of the tenor we all know was effectively restrained and Mozart was well-served -- by Richard Tucker !!! Equally good , but far less surprisingly so , is the always excellent Eleanor Steber as Fiordiligi . Few sopranos can be equally effective as Fiordiligi and Madama Butterfly , but Steber was certainly among their number.Blanche Thebom and Frank Guarerra were long-time stalwarts of the Met . They are fine here , but definitely put in the shade by their colleagues Steber and Tucker.Roberta Peters turns in a sound performance as Despina , no complaints there , but she seems over-restrained compared to other famous practitioners of the part.Alvary , Hungarian accent aside , is good as Don Alfonso . As a matter of personal taste , while I 'd prefer a characterization with more snarl and bite , his pseudo-amiability is a perfectly valid approach to the role . And , as is true of each of the principal singers of the cast , his English diction is amazingly understandable from beginning to end.Overall , this is pleasing English version of Mozart 's very lovely and even more cynical opera , sung by a cast that I , for one , would not associate with that composer . In strictly operatic terms , it is overshadowed by a number of Italian-language productions . As a piece of theater , on the other hand , particularly for speakers of American English , it can only be described as a triumph . That rascal Bing knew his business.This is a five-star theatrical performance in a highly idiosyncratic version of Mozart 's brilliant opera , reduced by one star for its dated sonics.LEC / Am Us/Am UK/12 -2010
 I have no way to approach the production objectively . When I was 9 years old , I was taken to see this production at the Fox Theater in Atlanta -LRB- The annual Met tour -RRB- . I was overawed . I remember it was in English and very funny . I fell in love with the beautiful Despina -LRB- Roberta Peters -RRB- . Blanche Thebom retired to Atlanta and was very instrumental , along with Robert Shaw , in raising Atlanta Opera into a real performing company.If you call the libretto of this opera inane -LRB- WELL !? -RRB- , then we must accuse our Shakespeare of the same . Read some of his comedies and see for yourself . This opera makes more sense than Die Zauberflote ; at least it 's easier to follow.Even though it is from 1952 -LRB- 53 ? -RRB- the sound is very clear , but not sonically expansive . The cast is great & it is a way to experience great singers of the early 50 's . Buy this recording only as a relic of an older generation . This being one of my favorite operas , I am very picky about the cast . The perfect recording is the one with Schwarzkopf & Ludwig , Karl B&ouml;hm conducting . A near perfect recording is the one with Price & Troyanos , Erich Leinsdorf conducting . Shop around , but get one you like and enjoy it .
 Yes it has a lot going against it as a viable complete recording Mozart 's Cosi Fan Tutte :1 . Major cuts
 The English translation is delightful , the singing wonderfully lively . A snob might look down his nose at performing this opera in English , but if you are just an ordinary , unpretentious , English-speaking opera lover , you will love this recording .
 I recall this recording on LP in the early fifties . It conveys the humour and genius of Mozart with great singers although other than Steber they were not previously identified with WM.
 LITTLE DEUCE COUPE , The Beach Boys ' fourth Capitol album , was released just one month after SURFER GIRL . In mid-1963 , Capitol Records releasedShut Down , which included two Beach Boys tracks , the title song and `` 409 , '' but was otherwise a various-artists collection of hot-rod music -LRB- Robert Mitchum , The Cheers , The Super Stocks , etc. -RRB- It was just issued on CD by Toshiba-EMI in Japan . The Beach Boys felt Capitol was trying to rip them off , so they took four tracks from previous releases -LRB- `` Shut Down , '' `` 409 , '' `` Our Car Club , '' and `` Little Deuce Coupe '' -RRB- and recorded eight new hot-rod songs -LRB- although `` Be True To Your School '' only has a passing car reference -RRB- , and voila - a new best-selling album . Originally issued as a `` two-fer '' -LRB- Little Deuce Coupe / All Summer Long -RRB- in 1990 , 1997 -LRB- Canadian import -RRB- , and 2001 , and as an individual stereo CD in 1994 , the 2012 edition of the album has both the original mono and stereo mixes on the album . `` 409 '' appears in stereo for the first time , and there is also a new stereo mix of `` A Young Man Is Gone , '' although I 'm not sure why - the `` two-fer '' has the original stereo mix . If you want both mono and stereo , this new CD is the way to go , but keep the `` two-fer '' for the bonus tracks . Though it 's not The Beach Boys ' best , it is an enjoyable album nonetheless.NOTE
 If you really like this album like I do get it.The Mono and Stereo versions of Shut Down , Little Deuce Coupe , Be True To Your Scholl , Ballad Of Old Betsy , A Young Man Is Gone -RRB- The Beach Boys tribute to screen legend James Dean -RRB- etcIts great that Capitol is putting out this great Beach Boys series with the Mono and Stereo versions of each song.Long Overdue .
 I had the album years ago and lent it out to a friend and never got it back . I will be using it as background music for our car club end of year videos and also crusing in our vett . Greats songs - great band
 It 's nice having the Mono and Stereo songs on one album to compare . They both sound better than some of my &#34; OLD &#34; recordings of these songs . I love this stuff ! Thanks Bryan Wilson .
 Even though it has Mono and Stereo , I can put it on while I am using the computer and get lots of good old Beach Boys music to enjoy .
 This is the orginal first release of the album Beach Boys Little Deuce Coupe on the Pickwick lable with capital record # SPC-3562 . 10 Full length tracks . Packed with classic you will love to hear again and again . Bring back the beach party with these classic 's 1 -RRB- Little Duece Coupe2 -RRB- Dont Back Down3 -RRB- Little Honda4 -RRB- Drive-in5 -RRB- Cherry , Cherry Coupe -LSB- with rodger christian -RSB- 6 -RRB- 4097 -RRB- This car Of Mine8 -RRB- Car Crazy Cutie9 -RRB- Our Car Club10 -RRB- Custom MachineYou know them all and it 's time to get that Hi-Fi back out and dust off those now ` Vintage '' sock hop clothes and put the LP 's back to use . Teach the grand kids to do the swim and the jerk ... Have fun !
 After I heard of the passing of Jacques `` Doudou '' Chancy , I wanted to know a little more about this Haitian musician , poet and mentor I had read about , so I ordered the `` Cry for Love '' CD from Amazon . It arrived very quickly , accompanied by a personal thank you note from the shipper which made my purchase the more worth it . The music is hauntingly beautiful and it is definitely unusual as far as Haitian music goes . I am very glad I purchased this CD which I will share with others , while encouraging them to buy it .
 Wow . This album surprised me . I wish I knew why Amazon does not provide audio samples for every release ... and it is probably not proper to disclose the on line shop where I DID find samples for this album , so I 'll just say I managed to sample this album before buying it , and in doing so was completely drawn by one track in particular -LRB- the title track -RRB- ; `` I came to play . '' If you have the opportunity , check it out . Natalise 's first album -LRB- ironically samples of that one DO exist on Amazon -RRB- does not appeal to me so I will not compare . This album mostly consists of ` shake-your-body ' R&B - ish ; grooves -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- , even though one track -LRB- `` get me off '' -RRB- tauts some grungy electric guitar punches and an agressive vocal delivery . Do n't let the lengthy track listing fool you , as there are many of those `` skits '' in between cuts -LRB- I 've never understood that trend , and I find them annoying , but that 's what mp3 players are for ... you do n't have to rip those cuts to your portable if you do n't want to -RRB- . But I digress.A word of caution to parents , as this album does not seem to sport a Parental Advisory sticker ; along with vulgar language in the skits , there are curse words some of the songs as well.I must note that the rhythms on this album are incredible ; tight , strong and refreshing cut-throat beats with stabs and grooves that surely make you want to do more than foot-tapping . Hats off the rhythm programmer -LRB- s -RRB- . The overall production & feel of this album is similar to Kaci Brown 's `` Instigator '' album . Fans of Destiny 's Child , Willa Ford , even Britney Spears will not be disappointed . `` I Came to Play '' is a solid album throughout and offers enough variety within , rather than stretching the idea of one single .
 A friend of mine has Natalise 's first album and I thought it was pretty good . But I was not prepared when I bought her new album . OMG this album is SO AMAZING ! It is much better than my wildest expectations ! We do n't have any big record stores in my little town , so I had to order it and it and I forgot about it . Then when it came I was like , `` okay , let 's see what it sounds like becaue the clips on her website where pretty good '' . But EVERY song on this album is AMAZING ! I love the slow songs , and she printed all the lyrics . The fast dance songs sound REALLY good in the car with the volume cranked all the way up ! This is just all-around an absolutely stellar album . Natalise did an incredible job on it . I would not be suprised to see her win a Grammy one day !
 Wow ! This is my favorite CD right now . Warning , if you liked Natalise 's first album this one is a little different . And it 's 20 times better ! The music is totally hot and there are some killer beats and really great slow songs too . Her voice is amazing . And the lyrics are really meaningful . If you listen to the lyrics you can tell that she is talking about true life experiences and not just singing the same things as other other artists . And ALL the lyrics are printed in the booklet . It 's a really big booklet with LOTS of pages TONS of photos and all the lyrics for every single song ! The booklet is like a bonus . There are so many good songs on this album , It 's the best CD I 've bought in a couple years.I give it 6 out of 5 stars
 I love Natalise 's first album . This one is even better . I love both her dancing songs and slow songs . Great voice and great music .
 This is a really great album . Very high quality and very professional , top notch . Great songs , great music , great VOICE , and it looks great too . The lyrics are included and they are really interesting to read -LRB- and listen to ! -RRB- . Natalise is definitely the BEST Asian artist out there by far . Everyone should have this CD .
 This is such a great album.If you compare this album with her first one ... It 's like the album of the last five years!lol.She has matured , her lyrics are waaaaaaay better than her debut album , there are no `` confusing '' styles , It 's just R&B ; / Pop with ballads.And her voice has improve a lot too .01 . It 's My ... * Intro02 . Make It Clap Now :10 . I looooooooooove the beats.It is such a catchy song .03 . Hotness :9,5 . This song remains me A LOT of Britney ! . Her sweet voice and sexy noises are a reminiscence of her.Is a hot club song , grat beats .04 . Holla * Interlude05 . Get Me Off :8 . Her first single is weird.It combines R&B ; with rock and the pop sound of her voice.Is still a cool track .06 . How Far :8 . Is a sweet ballad.I like the lyrics .07 . Hit Me Up * Interlude08 . I Came to Play :9 . Is a great pop tune.I love the melody is so catchy ! .09 . Watch This :7,5 . Is not a bad song , it 's just that there are way better songs in the album.Is an upbeat track .10 . Tell Me Like It Is * Interlude11 . Imagination :9,5 . Wow , what a beat ! A looove this song12 . Enough :10 . Maybe her best track , Is an uptempo-ballad song.I really like the lyrics13 . I 'm Ready :8.5 . A ballad I love the way it was written , very beautiful song14 . Something Special :8 . Same as # 13 : -RRB- 15 . Girls Like Me :6 . This song is so strange.The worst in the album IMO , though is not a bad song : P16 . So Sorry * Another Interlude17 . Alright :7 . A forgettable song , is not bad , but is just Ok .18 . Make It Clap Now -LSB- Remix -RSB- . It is worse than the original one , that was obvious hehe , but it is listenable .
 What makes this wonderful album especially delightful is the way this son of Texas has turned his attention east toward Appalachia . You 'll swear that Edgar Meyer was beside Guy Clark as he wrote these beautiful melodies . And I 'll be damned if there are no cellos on this record ; something is making those soulful , hollow sounds . On top of it all , Clark has written a pocketful of witty and clever lyrics . Guy Clark is an American treasure ; Cold Dog Soup is another gem for the chest .
 Guy Clark has got an old soul . He 's not that much older than me ; yet , listening to his songs is a lot like listening to my granddad . For instance , on the first listen to this collection of great songs , I found myself thinking , `` How 's that again ? '' or wondering `` What the hell does THAT mean ? '' So , I 'd go back and really LISTEN again , and it 'd hit me ! `` Man , that 's great ; I mean , that 's REALLY great ! '' I 'm reminded of the Joni Mitchell line , `` The times you impress me the most are the times that you do n't try . '' Guy does n't even seem to be trying ; he just sings it the way it is , and it bowls me over every time ! My favorite songs are Cold Dog Soup ; Sis Draper ; Ai n't No Trouble To Me ; Water Under the Bridge ; Red River ; and , Die Tryin ' , but all the songs get better with every listen ! Verlon Thompson 's guitar and Darrell Scott 's mandolin provide excellent accompaniment for Guy without gettin ' in the way of the words . Thanks , Guy , for another great CD !
 I think that this is Clark 's best cd . Maybe his best songs are elsewhere , but all his studio records except this one gave the feeling that he was forced to get into the studio , to promote his live shows or his songs . For the first time he is relaxed and all the songs seems to flow from heaven to earth . Highly recommended for all lovers of singer songwriters and texas music , and great songs .
 Because I do a folk music show on public radio , I listen to a lot of music . Some weeks , I receive more than 60 cds to preview to play on the air . Most of the time , I listen to them once . `` Stone Dog Soup '' is one that I want to hear again and again . Between Guy Clark 's exquisite writing style , his exceptional musician friends , and his outstanding taste in choosing music that he has n't written to interpret for the listeners , this cd is worth the price of admission . The wide range of styles -- from the title cut to `` Sis Draper '' -- brings Guy Clark alive into your living room or the cd player in your car . After hearing this one , it was difficult to move on to the many others I needed to preview . Now I 'm buying two more for friends . This is , as they say in Texas , a good ` un . Make that a great ` un . Do your holiday shopping early , and put Guy Clark at the top of the list !
 This is one of my favorite Guy Clark efforts . I love the marvellous mixture of the melancholic and the upbeat . Some highlights for me are the elegaic wistfulness of songs like Fort Worth Blues and Forever , for Always , for Certain . These lovely songs are nicely balanced by the energy displayed in such tunes as Sis Draper or Die Tryin ' . For me Guy Clark belong to that select band of singer/songwriters which include such luminaries as John Prine and Kris Kristofferson
 This album grows like wild yesterdays and thinking about how it feels to get old . Like good homemade salsa or chile it is better the next day . The title cut is full of the self-same `` hillbilly haiku '' that has made Guy Clark a favorite since the first time I heard him at back in the 70s . Yeah man get up and rhyme and tell them how you feel and the ghosts of the poets may sing along . It seems a long way from Kerrville/Austin/Ft . Worth to the Mission District but cold dog soup and rainbow pie makes the trip a little easier for all of us .
 For the Guy Clark initiated , Cold Dog Soup should meet and exceed all expectations . While the `` how did he think of that ? '' song -LRB- Picasso 's Mandolin , The Cape , etc. -RRB- has not jumped out after two listenings , the overall feel of the album is pure Guy . Perhaps sparser than his last couple of efforts in terms of instrumentation and production CDS makes me think he could sit right on my front porch and sound exactly like this -LRB- and would n't it be fun to have Emmylou there , too ? -RRB- . For Guy Clark first-timers `` Boats To Build '' , `` The Craftsman '' and his first album are better choices . Once you 've worn those out you 'll buy the rest anyway .
 Guy Clark 's country roots and West Texas idiom are so disarming that a casual listener might miss the sly literate quality of his songs . Who else gets away with talking about William Butler Yeats and Townes Van Zandt in the same breath ? Clark has a poet 's instincts and a sense of image unsurpassed by his contemporaries , most of whom are numbered among his admirers . And there is no finer side man around than Verlon Thompson , whose picking is as clean and fresh as a summer morning . God bless this music .
 Guy Clark continues to show what great country music really is . In these days of Shania Twain and the like where country is really a form of pop with cowboy hats , here comes Guy Clark with `` Cold Dog Soup '' that reminds you that great music with poetry in the likes of Hank Williams , Merle Haggard Willy Nelson and Townes Van Zandt still gets recorded . This is the true stuff that makes you think and tap your feet at the same time . This is an incredible production ! Great work Guy ! From Fort Worth Blues a Steve Earl Song to Red River , man you oughta be proud ! This should be on the charts ! But with the current country scene forget it . . Oh yeah what a great line '' Baby do n't let um blow smoke up your dress ... '' Also if you have n't written the song , you really know how to choose someone elses material and make it yours .
 Being a fan of progressive rock , at first listen I did n't think much of this album because it did n't sound like there was much there . Do n't make the same mistake ! Do n't be fooled by this album 's simple sounds . They belie a complexity of story and emotion - an honesty that permeates every note on this album and is beautifully woven into a harmony of voice and guitar . This is a great album that is also well recorded - nuff said !
 Guy was my fathers name , everytime I hear new songs by Guy I get so excited that my Old guitar just jumps into my hand begging me to try to out pick Verlon . If you ever wanted to be at a old fashion late night pickin session it would n't take much to dream one up when you listen to Cold Dog Soup . I 've been following Guy Clark since the mid seventys and this is truly a great piece of work that he has put together . I ran on to Verlon Thompson when he lived in Denver and became a fan of his before he hooked up with Guy . They are good for each other and their music shows the common respect they have for each other . If you like to here stories and catchy melodies with a stright forward approch then by all means give this artist the chance . I would run a needle through this album if it were on my old record player , buy it and have it air mailed now .
 I came across this album by checking what Emmylou Harris had been doing lately , and what a Gem . It makes me want to see what I have missed in previous Guy Clark stuff A great start to the new year
 Jerry Jeff Walker says that Guy Clark has the writing style that inspires him to write better and this CD realy shows this . Guy Clark has an uncanny ability to capture life in song and that 's why he 's the Dean and he just keeps on doin ' it , doin ' it , doin ' it . And those guys he plays with are n't that bad either . The phrase that sticks out for me in this one -LRB- and there always is one -RRB- is ` full of angst and hillbilly haiku ' , which are words about his good friend Townes Van Zandt . This record is music at it 's best for me , and it seems alot of others are catchin on because of the high sales .
 I 'll buy any of Guy Clark 's albums - own most of them but I think this one is strong . Sis Draper 's a great take on the Arkansas Traveler This is a strong CD from a masterful musician/song writer .
 guy clark cold dog soup is a good CD to listen to just discoverd guy clark some i 'm trying more of his music
 High school teacher of mine used to say , `` Come over and see us ; we 'll treat you so many different ways you 're bound to like one of 'em . '' Guy Clark gives such a variety of songs on this collection that the same thing could be said . Unless you 're only interested in chart-topping , formulaic pop country , I ca n't see how you could not find something to love in this grouping . `` Sis Draper '' is pretty much pure bluegrass , `` Bunkhouse Blues '' is so Texas hill country it even includes cowboy yodeling and `` Men Will Be Boys '' is fun country-folk . `` Ft. Worth Blues '' is lonely , haunting and beautiful . `` Cold Dog Soup '' is a terrific lancing of the beat poet scene of the Sixties . I 'm not crazy about `` Indian Head Penny '' which might be the weakest song in the collection but other people love it.This is n't the best Guy Clark collection available but it is certainly worthy of his talent and your time . It 's not at all a bad introduction to his music , though I likeThe Platinum Collection , Dublin BluesandThe Essential Guy Clarkbetter for that purpose.If you really like folk music and can tolerate a touch of bluegrass and country , I truly believe you 'll like this album . By the way , listen to the samples ; they do a pretty good job of conveying the general tone and feeling of each song .
 Cold Dog Soup is typical Guy Clark ; literate , tuneful , wry , funny , brilliantly crafted , wonderfully played . Opening with the title tune , Clark 's images invade your mind and do n't let you go . Fort Worth Blues and Sis Draper follow inviting the listener on a journey with a group of fascinating characters . Men will be boys takes a playful putdown and turns it into a celebration of helling around sung as a bunch of guys having way too much fun . `` The only difference between men and the boysis the size of their feet and the price of their toys `` Very well played , lots of great guitar and mandolin playing . Highly recommend
 Guy Clark was new to me , believe it or not . Found it at my library and checked it out ... within 3 hrs I ordered it from Amazon . This is my kind of music and plan to check out simular artist & ALL of Clark 's .
 Like wine , once in awhile a singer just gets better and better with age . I liked Guy Clark 20 years ago , but I love him today ! The heart and soul Guy and Emmy Lou put into `` Fort Worth Blues '' is one of the most touching tributes to someone I have ever heard . Great songs , great music that means something . Buy it !
 What makes this wonderful album especially delightful is the way this son of Texas has turned his attention east toward Appalachia . You 'll swear that Edgar Meyer was beside Guy Clark as he wrote these beautiful melodies . And I 'll be damned if there are no cellos on this record ; something is making those soulful , hollow sounds . On top of it all , Clark has written a pocketful of witty and clever lyrics . Guy Clark is an American treasure ; Cold Dog Soup is another gem for the chest .
 Dylan ? Jagger and Richards ? Lennon and McCarthy ? For my money the best songwriter ever is Guy Clark . His latest effort does not dissapoint . It is a social injustice that Guy Clark is n't a megastar . Nashville needs to wake up and recognize the talent that they have and not the hacks they continue to play on the radio . The Shawn Camp song is awesome . Shawn Camp is the best kept secret in the world . Here 's hoping he does another album someday .
 It 's hard for me to pick a favorite off this CD . Guy has out done himself this time . The lyrics are wonderful . My favorite line in `` Cold Dog Soup '' is `` full of angst and hillbilly haiku '' !!! It 's been a long time that I have loved every song on a CD . Emmylou is a nice surprise also .
 Just from the 2 cuts we heard , it is sure to be another Must Have CD for GC fans new and old . His line about no money in poetry , that 's what sets the poet free , is another of his lyrical gems .
 Nice to know someone sings what they feel instead of big buck
 This is the first full CD I 've heard by Clark -LRB- borrowed from my local library -RRB- though I knew his name from the Highwaymen 's cover of `` Desperados Waiting on a Train '' . Judging from the inclusion of others of his catalogue on Listmania 's invoking `` Sad Bastard Music '' , this is apparently a bit of an anomaly for him.Regardless of the fact that several tunes here involve musings on mortality , it 's not of the `` woe is me , I 'm gon na die '' variety . The philosophy expressed is more `` Since we die eventually , live NOW '' . I do n't think of the word `` melancholy '' here ... I 'd call it `` reflective but joyful '' . Clark is a definite wordsmith -LRB- check the title track for some of the best images . . `` Ginsberg and Kerouac shootin ' dice and playin ' Ramblin ' Jack 's guitar '' and `` At the door sat Tom Waits/In a pork pie hat and silver skates/Jugglin ' three collection plates '' -LSB- though I 'm uncertain why he felt the need to toss in the gratuitious religious epithet at the end -RSB- -RRB- and has a wonderfully soulful `` lived in '' voice . On many of the songs , it 's nicely matched with harmonies from Verlon Thompson and Darrell Scott -LRB- and Emmylou Harris on a couple tracks -RRB- . HIGHLIGHTS : The picture of downhome feminism in `` Sis Draper '' -LRB- `` Uncle Cleve dropped his jaw/Said she 's the best I ever saw/She must be from Arkansas '' -RRB- is set to an addictive jig . If there IS a melancholy tune here , `` Forever , for always , for certain '' is it
 Of course not . And this is another great one . Just stop putzing around and buy it .
 I loaded this one on my iPOD before I decided to sell it -LRB- since I thought it sucked -RRB- . Poor , stupid me . Since then I 've listened -LRB- giving it due time -RRB- and have decided this is definately one of the best BM albums I 've heard . Sniff , Sniff . Moron!Absolutely AWESOME !
 This is for sure many peoples favorite release from the band , and rightfully so , as it definitely is their most unique record in the catalog in my opinion . Epic and huge sounding , this is a classic album . Everything from killer cover art , to the lyrics ... it actually transports you to the place you see on the cover of the album and makes you wonder ; who is living in that cold and grim little ice castle that is sitting just on top of hell ... or maybe that 's just what icechests look like in Norway and they are camping and their campfire needs another log ... Either way , this would be the album I would give to someone who has never heard or heard of the mighty IMMORTAL . Metalhead or not , You 've never heard anything like this . IMMORTAL RULES !!!
 This is a great cd by Immortal , even though I 'm not a huge black metal fan . A + . My favorite song on this cd is Withstand The Fall Of Time .
 great brutal , Black metal . This has to be Immortals best release ! A must have for anyone who likes Black metal !
 This Immortal release was extremely good . The first thing I have to say about it was how wonderful the isntrumentals were . They were unlike any instrumentals I 've ever heard in black metal . They were n't extremely and overbearingly heavy to the point where it just sounds like noise , but they were n't extremely soft either . I 'd describe them as metal with a little edge of hard rock -LRB- only a speck though ... do not think this is a rock album -RRB- . The vocals were also pretty good . Sometimes I wish they were a bit more intense , but they are still pretty good.Overall , this CD is amazing . Never heard any other black metal CD as good as this one . BUY IT .
 This album is pretty different from their earlier fast and brutal albums -LRB- diabolical fullmoon mysticism , battles in the north , blizzard beasts . . etc -RRB- , but you will be amazed at how brilliant this album is , although it is slower in tempo , the guitar works are more complex and technical plus great drums fillings . Each song is longer -LRB- 7-8 minute -RRB- than their usual previous albums . The grimness essence is still there and is standing as strong as ever . You can feel the soul of winter as if it is in you when you listen to this album . Every song is crafted so marvelously , it really shows the band 's maturity musically and lyrically.Fantastic composition which isnt a surprise , they have always excel in that area.Like what the album is named , they really tap into the core of winter , the grimness and solitude . The best Immortal album ever.All of the tracks are my favourites but to choose the best tracks personally , its Solarfall and At the heart of winter . `` The statue watches the kingdom your giant wings make all beneathIm staring forth the raventhrone I know Im at the heart of winter ... `` All hail the mighty Immortal .
 Immortal is so good . I bought this album today , and this is after my opinion a little better than `` Battles in the north '' . I 've actually just have `` Sons of norhern darkness '' , `` Battles In the north '' , and `` At the heart of winter '' , but i 'm getting Diaboilical and Pure Holocaust this christmas ... . I think SOND is the best immortal cd i have right now , but if u like to get chills and get cold over u ' r body , this is the cd for you !!!
 This truly is an album worth the extra money.Some people have said that Immortal has crossed the line from black metal to viking metal with this one . I personally do n't consider this to be ` viking ' metal . Amon Amarth or Einherjer would better fit that description . However , on this release , Immortal manage to shrug off some of the stereotypical features of ` true ' black metal and come up with their own sound , which by all means is quite impressive.Immortal has quite a distinction between every album they put out , and this album is no different . What really sets this apart is the length of the songs . Each song is more than 6 minutes long , I believe . Despite the songs ' length , the riffs are never overused ; the songs are interesting throughout . Their previous album , ` Blizzard Beasts ' , had 9 songs and was only about 28 minutes long , if I remember correctly . With only 6 songs clocking in at about 45 minutes , this album really is quite a jump for the Immortal guys . Nevertheless , each song has enough body to stand on its own as a true pleasure to enjoy.While all 6 tracks on this album are true gems , my personal favorite would have to be ` Years of Silent Sorrow ' . Try listening to it in the dark on a freezing night , or driving through the snow . It just makes me want to put on my corpse paint and pose for pictures in the woods .
 Along with `` Sons of Northern Darkness , '' this is the best release from Immortal . Unlike a majority of black metal -LRB- which I feel is an acquired taste -RRB- , this is an album/band that many fans of non-radio friendly metal could get into . Every song on this album is awesome , due mostly to the brilliant and memorable riffs and song-writing abilities of Abbath . The production is also excellent -- discernable riffing , blast-beats , etc. , without sounding slick or polished.Favorite track
 If you dont know who Immortal are , then there is a good chance you listen to * hitty music . Out of all the black metal bands to come and go , this band is by far the most solid . Combining Norwegian black metal with hints of death metal , they 've pumped out opus after opus of intense , catchy black metal that hits your ears like sheets of ice . This CD is so cold , you 'll have to listen to this with your thermostat up high and with a wool blanket around you.If you liked this album , I suggest getting Emperor 's Prometheus , Old Man Child 's Vermin , and my favorite Black metal album , Dissection 's Storm of the Light 's Bane
 For lovers of Black Metal in general , few titles can match this . This is one of Immortal 's finest releases , and Immortal was a leader in this genre . It is raw and powerful and should be in any Black Metal lovers collection . The only thing that is remotely disapointing about this album , is that it has to be bought as an import in North America and is not very long for its price . Buy this if you like bands such as Emperor , Dissection or Borknagar . If the only kind of Black Metal you like is Symphonic Black Metal , you may find this harder to listen to than I did . I like both kinds of Black Metal , but this is heavier than COF or Dimmu Borgir .
 i want to get into this band but all i have heard from them is the thirty second samples that this site provides . yet i am amazed from what i have heard . my question is though , DO THESE GUYS HAVE GUITAR SOLOS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IF SO THEN I AM HOOKED . FOR SOME REASON I CANT GET INTO BANDS THAT DO N'T SOLO.SOMEONE PLEASE WRITE A RESPONSE TELLING ME IF THEY SOLO!WHOEVER DOES TELL ME I WILL BE FOREVER GRATEFUL
 i think this is a great album.it should not be under rated , or downtrodden , because those who speak so vainly of such an album 's head will be severed off with an axe . i really enjoy guitarist 's use of the wammy on certain songs , and at the heart of winter , the song , is a very good , innovative peice . also look for their new one !!
 Now , I already reviewed the first version of this album , and being that it is in my top 5 favorite albums of all time , I figured I might as well add my review to the re-release . Also , do n't mind the amazon review , that is for their first album released many years before this one.Few albums come along in ones life where the music leaves you so speechless . For me , this is one of them . This is not only Immortal 's best work in general but one of the greatest Black Metal albums ever to be released . Nothing can top Abbath 's brutal riffs and his throat ripping vocals . The atmosphere of Darkthrone is here and the talent of Emperor . However , between all that makes this cd a masterpiece is some true beauty . Such as the main riff in Solarfall and the intro in At the Heart of Winter for a few examples . This is a true masterpiece of winter beauty and winter carnage .1 . Withstand the Fall of Time -LRB- 8:29 -RRB- The first track begins with a single riff before the rest joins in , while the riff not really memorable will grow on you . The first minute is spent gearing up before the song gets into full speed . About 3 and a half minutes into the song it slows down before getting a second wind about 4:15 into it and does n't stop until the song quietly dies out . WOnderful opening track . I could not think of a better song to open up this album . 4.5 / 52 . Solarfall -LRB- 6:02 -RRB- Immortal 's best song of all time . A short drum roll falls in follwoed by one of my favorite riffs of all time then hell is broken loose upon an unsuspecting listener . The song does not let up for one second and has some of their best drumming as well . The vocals are enough to make you wish to conquer all you face . The vocals are almost dreadfully slow in a good way , almost like you wonder how he is n't tearing all of his vocal chords . The song slows down 2:20 into it with some slow drumming but soon returns with that crushing riff . Best song here . 25/53 . Tragedies Blows At Horizon -LRB- 8:55 -RRB- This song is 8 minutes and 55 seconds of pure magic . It really starts up about 40 seconds into it and grabs you with hardened claws and refuses to let up . I love the way the guitar riff kicks in at 4:30 with nothing but a take no prisoners attitude . A real highlight on the album . 5/54 . Where Dark and Light Do n't Differ -LRB- 6:45 -RRB- The first song I heard on this album and it is a winner . The most thrash influenced track on this album has no mellow intro but just decides to come at you full force . The best drumming on the album appears here . The riff that kicks in at 1 minute is majestic and incredible . An epic track . 10/55 . At the Heart of Winter -LRB- 8:00 -RRB- This song honestly makes you feel like you 're walking into the front line of a war at the heart of a winter storm . This song runs on talent , emotion and an epic battle cry . The two minute intro ca n't even prepare you for what is to come . Then the rest of the song kicks in barreling down on you like an avalanche you know you ca n't escape . With guitar playing that just screams talent . The rest of the song continues the epic trail the first half of the song left us with . 20/56 . Years of Silent Sorrow -LRB- 7:53 -RRB- Well , instead of ending this masterpiece on a quiet note . Abbath and crew decide to go out fighting . With one of the fastest songs on the album begins the drums tear through your ears . The guitar is pretty fast in an almost frantic fashion at certain times . `` Dome in the sky black winds to tasteshadowed spirits lead my way ... Drifting everly alone years of silent sorrowuntil I 'm home ... '' With those words spoken the final song dies out leaving you only time to pick yourself up and try to comprehend the incredible album you just heard . 5/5In conclusion , if you have n't stopped reading this yet and purchased this album . I recommend you do so right now . Enjoy .
 Few albums come along in ones life where the music leaves you so speechless . For me , this is one of them . This is not only Immortal 's best work in general but one of the greatest Black Metal albums ever to be released . Nothing can top Abbath 's brutal riffs and his throat ripping vocals . The atmosphere of Darkthrone is here and the talent of Emperor . However , between all that makes this cd a masterpiece is some true beauty . Such as the main riff in Solarfall and the intro in At the Heart of Winter for a few examples . This is a true masterpiece of winter beauty and winter carnage .1 . Withstand the Fall of Time -LRB- 8:29 -RRB- The first track begins with a single riff before the rest joins in , while the riff not really memorable will grow on you . The first minute is spent gearing up before the song gets into full speed . About 3 and a half minutes into the song it slows down before getting a second wind about 4:15 into it and does n't stop until the song quietly dies out . WOnderful opening track . I could not think of a better song to open up this album . 4.5 / 52 . Solarfall -LRB- 6:02 -RRB- Immortal 's best song of all time . A short drum roll falls in follwoed by one of my favorite riffs of all time then hell is broken loose upon an unsuspecting listener . The song does not let up for one secodn and has some of their best drumming as well . The vocals are enough to make you wish to conquer all you face . The vocals are almost dreadfully slow in a good way , almost like you wonder how he is n't tearing all of his vocal chords . The song slows down2 :20 into it with some slow drumming but soo returns with that crushing riff . Best song here . 25/53 . Tragedies Blows At Horizon -LRB- 8:55 -RRB- This song is 8 minutes and 55 seconds of pure magic . It really starts up about 40 seconds into it and grabs you with hardened claws and refuses to let up . I love the way the guitar riff kicks in at 4:30 with nothing but a take no prisoners attitude . A real highlight on the album . 5/54 . Where Dark and Light Do n't Differ -LRB- 6:45 -RRB- The first song I heard on this album and it is a winner . The most thrash influenced track on this album has no mellow intro but just decides to come at you full force . The best drumming on the album appears here . The riff that kickss in at 1 minute is majestic and incredible . An epic track . 10/55 . At the Heart of Winter -LRB- 8:00 -RRB- This song honestly makes you feel like you 're walking into the front line of a war at the heart of a winter storm . This song runs on talent , emotion and an epic battle cry . The two minute intro ca n't even prepare you for what is to come . Then the rest of the song kicks in barreling down on you liek an avalanche you know you ca n't escape . With guitar playing that just screams talent . The rest of the song continues the epic trail the first half of the song left us with . 20/56 . Years of Silent Sorrow -LRB- 7:53 -RRB- Well , instead of ending this masterpiece on a quiet note . abbath and crew decide to go out fighting . With one of the fastest songs on the album begins the drums tear through your ears . The guitar is pretty fast in an almost frantic fashion at certain times . `` Dome in the sky black winds to tasteshadowed spirits lead my way ... Drifting everly alone years of silent sorrowuntil I 'm home ... '' With those words spoken the final song dies out leaving you only time to pick yourself up and try to comprehend the incredible album you just heard . 5/5In conclusion , if you have n't stopped reading this yet and purchased this album . I recommend you do so right now . Enjoy .
 Immortal 's ridiculously fast approach to their special frostbitten brand of black metal gets a slight overhaul on this album . the production becomes a bit more crystalized and the tunes get a bit more melodic . the pace has slowed down a bit with a focus more on a mid paced thrashy kind of groove that suits them well . the same lyrical themes are present as on past records
 many people give 5 stars in a rather nonchalant manner completly nulling the value of the prestigious 5 . This cd is the most essential black metal album I 've ever come across . I do not sheepishly just `` give '' the five star rating , I stand by my rating proudly for all to see . THIS IS THE ONE ! EPIC ! also I do not listen to garbage black metal like most so you can trust my opinion . This album drives a sword through the pu@#y a ! @ bellies of all other pu % $ y a # @ bands . HAH HAH HAHp.s . kill nevermore
 These guys are n't your typical ooh look at me I 'm mister satanist douchebag !! This is highly technical metal with great drums , guitars and even bass.Be forewarned the vocals are throaty growling type but the music is so good they will grow on you.Check out track 1,3,4 , & 5 particularly , but that being said they 're all excellent.By the way I rarely if ever hand out 5 stars or even write reviews for that matter so heed my advice.Sincerly , Josh
 This is not my first Immortal release , nor shall it be my last , but when I first heard At the Heart of Winter , I could not believe how majestic and cold the melodies were ! They were simply fantastic ! The musicianship is absolutely awesome , Horgh is a great drummer and his work is very good on this album , although I do n't think it 's the greatest drumming I 've ever heard on an Immortal cd . Abbath 's vocals are cold as usual , they do n't really change much , though , the riffs on this album are simply FANTASTIC ! The technicality presented here is among the finest guitar work I have ever heard in Black Metal , every riff is cold and beautifully melodic , where some BM riffs are simple and utterly pointless , without naming names . The guitar fills are simply fantastic , Abbath does a great job replacing Demonaz as lead guitarist , who left due to Tendonitis in his arms . I jsut ca n't stop saying it ... . the riffs are so fast , so cold , so melodic , so perfect and so technical ... . This cd really inspires me when writing music.The bass mainly just follows the guitar or drums so there 's not much to comment on there.Every song is simply fantastic , my favourite being Withstand the Fall of Time , only by a hair , the rest are simply amazing anyway . The only moment that this cd dropped off are in Tradgedies Blow at Sunset , which I believed went too long.Overall , one of the greatest cds I have ever heard , I would recommend this to anyone who like Melodic Death Metal -LRB- not saying it is , I 'm saying you 'd like it ! -RRB- or Black Metal.P.S , This is not Death Metal , they are not DM masters as it says in the Product Description ! Do not be fooled ! : -RRB-
 This record takes a whole new approach to the art of musical warfare . Demonaz had to leave the band due to severe tendonitis in his arms , this is of course not really surprising if you consider the years of hyper speed riffing culminated in the release of the previous opus ` Blizzard Beasts ' . Previous record also saw the addition of Horgh as the drummer . In my opinion he is one of the best Black Metal drummers around . He manages to pull of sharp blasts and with uncanny ease change the tempos without blinking an eye . His drumming seems to be there with a clear purpose and serves to underline the music instead of just ` being there ' . The guitar sound , riffing and structures are quite different on this record . To many Black Metal purists this was a disappointing departure from the traditional sound . The sound is thick and the repetitive riffs are replaced with more complex structures and tempo variations . Old school thrash metal and death metal influences are often audible but of course Immortal would not be themselves if they omitted their trademark light speed Black Metal riffs . This record sees the introduction of synthesizer sound for the first time during sparse atmospheric interludes . Whether the band wanted to ride the popular wave of melodic Black Metal or it was a just an artistic choice I do not know . I do know that it works surprisingly well . This has two reasons , firstly it is sparse enough to not be overwhelming , secondly -LRB- this is especially audible on the intro to the title track -RRB- it manages to add to the atmosphere and , in my mind at least , it conjured images of 80s fantasy films like Labyrinth and Dark Crystal . It simply adds to the intended storyline to which the band has adhered for so long.The artwork for the first time abandons the band photo cover art and introduces us to the first , and last , graphical depiction of Immortal 's mythical realm . Much has been said about the artwork in the press and it won a prize for best cover art back when it was released . The band more than makes up for the lack of a band photo on the inside of the booklet though ;--RRB- . At the risk of being accused of not being critical , this being my fourth favorable review of Immortal , I have to say that unlike some I am not at all bothered by the band 's new direction . They chose to deviate from their early path without sacrificing integrity in the process . This may not be as grim as ` Pure Holocaust ' or as much of a rusty knife as ` Battles In The North ' it certainly is the most creative and varied record released by the band to date and shows their maturity as recording artists . -LRB- I just wish they kept their shirts on -RRB- . All in all yet another classic record by a classic band .8.5 / 10
 The early days of Immortal produced turbulent , asocial , murderous savant black metal art that displayed a deeply Romantic worldview with blinding speed and engulfing distortion . Having made four great black metal albums , the band began cycling back into death metal -LRB- as they had been in their previous band -RRB- , and had the presence of mind to consciously change directions . `` At the Heart of Winter '' is a heavy metal album with black metal vocals , keyboards and similar neoclassical themes , but its main agenda is solid songs with unforgettable melodic hooks , bringing the listener into its rousing and stomping pace for Viking rock with some guts . For one , there 's no waffling around with attempts to make songs `` diverse '' by mixing in other styles , just a solid mix of epic riffs and evocative rhythm . Also , this album carefully avoids any substandard material in composition and production both , creating an experience that is wholly believable from start to finish . If you 're seeking underground necroblack metal , this will be a mistake , but for the metal listener looking for the best extreme metal you could still play on the radio , this is the best of that group .
 This album is truly a masterpiece . Immortal has goneback to their heavy-metal roots . The songs are long and not complex as their previousalbums were . Different direction , not as fast as their older albums , but stillunmistakable Immortal . I trulyrecommend this album .
 An excellent album by one of the titans of Scandinavian black metal , At The Heart Of Winter features what I consider to be Immortal 's most solid line-up - Abbath on guitars -LRB- and pretty much everything else -RRB- , and Horgh on drums . Horgh manages to maintain the tempos throughout , leaving Abbath free to concentrate on unleashing devastating blasts of distorted power . The production is also markedly improved over their previous efforts , and while those who consider themselves `` tr00 kvlt '' will no doubt bash this album for not having a `` pure black metal sound '' , I think it fits the album very well . Why ? Because Immortal had started to infuse their sound with elements of German thrash metal , and the enhanced production allows their updated guitar style to be heard in all its glory . Listen to the phenomenal riffage on `` Solarfall '' and `` Where Dark And Light Do n't Differ '' for proof . On a more general note , the trademark Abbath `` reptilian warlord from hell '' croaked vocals are in fine form , and as usual , Immortal manages to inject beautiful melody and ambience amidst the carnage of whirlwind guitars and drums - check out the outro riff to `` Withstand The Fall Of Time '' , `` Solarfall '' and `` At The Heart Of Winter '' . I consider this one of my three favorite Immortal albums , along with `` Battles In The North '' and `` Sons Of Northern Darkness '' . It 's well worth checking out .
 The first music I heard from Immortal was the latest release `` Sons Of Northern Darkness '' , and I was instantly hooked ! I promptly picked up `` At The Heart Of Winter '' , and , after hearing others in their catalog , regard this as their second greatest release . The music is varied and interesting to listen to -LRB- unlike Battles In The North ... sorry guys ! -RRB- with awesome riffs all over the place ! It 's been a while since I 've been this excited about a band and am in awe of the power they incorporate into their playing . Although there are only 6 tracks , there is not a single bad song on here . You do n't have to be a fan of so-called `` Black Metal '' -LRB- I 'm not ! -RRB- to love this album . I 'm sure it will be one of my favorite CD 's that I bought this year -LRB- and I buy a lot of music -RRB- . Great artwork too ! A must-have for the collection of any fan of real metal !
 Speaking specifically of Norway , there are so many classic and vital Black Metal acts that dominated the field throughout the 90 's - Dark Throne , Emperor , Satyricon , Mayhem , and of course Immortal . There 's no denying that Immortal has been around practically since the beginning of Black Metal 's cold-hearted Scandinavian reign , and despite being a source of endless debate over their lyrics , they 've remained uncompromising and unwavering on their wintry path to domination.But more important than all that is how Immortal transformed themselves into more of a profound Black Metal force than they ever were - especially with the release of `` At The Heart Of Winter '' , and strangely doing so with musical elements that were not typically associated with Norwegian Black Metal . As it seems , just prior to the new millennium , many of the genre 's high profile acts were looking for outside inspiration to inject new life into what they were considering a stale environment . Most fans discovered that Satyricon , Emperor , Mayhem , Tormentor , and a few others added surprising elements to their trademark formulas - some with good results , and others ... well ... ahem . But , when the almighty Immortal found themselves progressing , it was simply brilliant.First off , to ease disciples of true Black Metal , Immortal 's core sound is still here . The discordant minor-key guitars are still emanating pure evil and still give the listener mental images of northern mountains , icy fjords , haunted forests , and heathen ruins . But carefully intertwined within most of the tracks are riffs that , if it would not be for the tremendous pace of Horgh 's drums , would be considered extremely creative Heavy Metal masterworks . There are even excerpts of lush and melodic guitar flourishes that go even further to transport the listener to the majestic icy northland , especially in `` Withstand The Fall Of Time '' and `` Solarfall '' , where Iscariah 's bass takes flight from the riffs to create melodically haunting and intense dynamics . The only thing that the hardcore Black Metal fiend will likely disprove of is the slower pace of some of the tracks , although on these occasions it works wonders to accentuate the mysterious atmosphere they 've created . Despite how far Immortal took their sound on this album , their music and image still has `` a special , individual identity and feeling '' as they have said themselves . No matter where they 've taken their sound , their main inspirations of Bathory , Possessed and Celtic Frost are still eminent as their lifeblood.Another breath-taking aspect of the album is the amazing cover . The band was given a budget to commission a painting for the album , which was a twist because Immortal are notorious for posing on their covers themselves . The final product came out beautifully and was the perfect imagery to complement Immortal 's music.Much has been inferred concerning this album 's direction since it was Immortal 's first without Demonaz . Much of those criticisms are unfounded , as Abbath has made it clear that Demonaz is still very much a member of Immortal , albeit a `` ghost member '' due to his diminished role -LRB- he still contributes lyrics and serves guidance and direction since he can no longer play guitar -RRB- . And even though Immortal took such a drastic turn with `` At The Heart Of Winter '' they immediately began infusing more of their older sound back into the mix on `` Damned In Black '' and beyond .
 Immortal are now one of the undisputedly godliest icons of the Norwegian black metal circuit . But everybody has to start somewhere . The earliest parts of the band 's career consisted of extremely raw and heavy black metal albums which ranged from mediocre-to-pretty good . -LRB- Although , granted , one exception to this rule has to be made for 1997 's `` Blizzard Beasts , '' which opted for a brutal black metal-by-way-of-Morbid Angel-lite-American death metal approach . The album was an exceptional one , thanks largely to Horgh 's inhuman drumming . -RRB- And sure , many flashes of brilliance could frequently be heard throughout the band 's career as young musicians . But something was usually still left to be desired from these early efforts . Various drawbacks included a lack of coast-to-coast consistency , a truly groundbreaking and landmark sound , and crisp and articulate production jobs . And there was an occasional rush job - the kind that left listeners scratching their heads . Everybody knew they were more-than-capable of finally releasing the great album that everybody knew they had in them . Only then could the group could the band fully grasp the true greatness and staying power that they had been flirting with for so many years . And only then could they start to warrant the status that they are now deadlocked in.Well , all of that changed starting with the year 1999 . With Horgh now a committed , full-time member Immortal could now settle down , and devote more of their time to more important things . Great songwriting and increasingly technical musicianship being two main examples . And lucky for us , their efforts paid off . Big time , too , because the result was ` 99 's `` At The Heart Of Winter , '' which was not only a satisfying new album , and a completely realized affair . It is the sound of a band that is now truly firing on all cylinders , too . So , frankly put , it is an indisputably smashing success on all fronts . Some elements remain from previous works , including skin-crawling and venomous vocal rasps that remain as true to pure black metal as ever . Overall , though , a huge improvement -LRB- who said `` change '' -RRB- in sound has been made , here . As a result , Immortal suddenly sound many years smarter and more mature.Only six songs may be presented here , but Immortal make more out of them than most bands can do with at least twice as many . Pick any given one of them , and you are sure to be satiated with it . Why ? Because not-a-one of them is n't extremely expansive , innovative , complex , tight as a drum , epically epic -LRB- with songs being in the six-to-eight minutes margin -RRB- , deliciously multi-faceted , and brillliantly written . The guitars are definitely the most integral part of the music is definitely the guitars , so it is imperative that Abbath sounds more dangerous than ever before . Well , he accomplished that goal without even breaking a sweat . After obviously spent some time boning up on some of metal 's all-time most important genres , Eighties thrash , he is able to create mountains and mountains of wonderful shredding . Sounding almost like he is constantly engaged in a dogfight with himself , Abbath deftly spits out insanely intricate , razor-sharp , wrist-spraining , and positively godly riffage , fiery thrash picking , impeccably tight leads , and exceptional solos . Elsewhere , it is impossible to not mention Horgh , the man who has been one of the finest drummers in black metal for quite a while now . And he is also the man who anchors these songs with an endless flood of blistering , foundation-shaking black metal blasts , and occasional Lombardo-worthy thrash beats . Yet , for all of its brutal and breakneck parts and qualities , the music simultaneously manages to also include melody . Fortunately , unlike many-a-black-metal case , these melodies are never boring or tacked on . But they never feel excessive , either . So that is another big part of what makes `` At The Heart Of Winter '' so masterful . It expertly weaves in things like tastefully melodic guitar work and occasional keyboard flourishes to create melodic parts that are as prominent as they are memorable and infectious.The standouts are many . The double-kick-backed opener `` Withstand The Fall Of Time '' splits its time equally between revving up the engines with propulsive , crunching thrash , and settling back down into more restrained chugging and mid-tempo grooves . Regardless of the speed the guitars , though , Horgh can always be heard thumping away at his bass drum like there 's no tomorrow . Following this , the next couple of tracks `` Solarfall '' and `` Tragedies Blows At Horizon '' come next , and they much alike one-another . Opting for a really blistering approach , these two tracks could easily be mistaken for a prime couple of pieces of thrash from two decades ago . They both recall the halcyon days from the likes of Slayer , Kreator , Sodom , Sadus , Testament , Sepultura , Dark Angel , etc. `` Solarfall '' and `` Tragedies Blows At Horizon '' are also similar in that , aside from the occasional and brief dabbling with a softly picked-string softly-picked string section , they both continuously shred your speakers . The former offsets some squealing guitar runs with busy , chunked-up picking ; and the latter has really huge riffs anchored by slamming drum blasts . Continuing on , even though there should have never been any debate about it before , `` Where Dark And Light Do n't Differ '' , with its guitar leads that are positively scorching and fairly strong and solid bass work , further ensures that the intensity level is firmly glued in the upper red zone . The title tune is perhaps the best of the whole bunch . It begins as a awesomely beautiful and atmosphere-enhancing serene ballad with a lush musical arrangement comprised of thoroughly noteworthy and spacey-sounding keyboards , docile melodic guitar strums , and a faint choral backing vocal line . Eventually , though , it all ends up being heavy as a ton of bricks - brutal drumming and monstrous stop-start guitar flurries steamroll everything around . Lastly , we get `` Years Of Silent Sorrow , '' which is basically one , long , inexorable flood of great , biting , nerve-damaging buzzsaw speed metal riffage . `` At The Heart Of Winter '' not only stands as easily the finest installment in Immortal 's long and storied discography , and is in and by itself a landmark metal album . And no matter which genre it belongs to -LRB- black , thrash , speed , or symphonic metal -RRB- , it should be equally regarded as essential listening .
 This release marked a clear change in sounds for Immortal . More clearness in their production value , and a general increase in the guitar sound resulting in clearer melodies and complex riffs -LRB- compared to their earlier releases -RRB- . Immortal trivia
 New drummer Horgh adds the razor sharp precision and the ability to play a variety of rhthyms -LRB- other than just blast beats -RRB- missing from previous Immortal records -LRB- excepting Blizzard Beasts when Horgh first joined -RRB- and the band is better for it . Abbath now takes over on guitar with the result being a more melodic and somewhat slower approach
 I truly love Immortal . They are so original and unique in their style and skills . I was sold on Sons Of Northern Darkness . Just totally engrossed and obsessed . However , the more I listen to At The Heart Of Winter , the more it grows on me ... Like permafrost ! It is a masterpiece and a great composition by Abbath and company . Horgh was a great addition to the lineup and what a ferocious drummer he is ! Withstand the Fall Of Time and Where Dark And Light Do n't Differ are my personal favorites . Awesome awesome awesome ! Get all their works ... they truly were masters of their art .
 This is one of my personal favorite albums of black metal and by Immortal.This albums sounds like the title I can feel the freezing cold whenever I listen to this album.Immortal is a band with great talent and this album shows alot of it.Now even though it only has six songs on the album its still one of my favorites and they are n't short songs either.My last comment is to just BUY the album !
 As any black metal fan will tell you , Immortal are easily one of the best bands of the genre . They never disappoint and remain one of my all time favorite bands over the years . Many consider At the Heart of Winter to be their best album and although I could never bring myself to pick one as I enjoy all of them since each offer their own unique sound , this definitely contains a few of Immortal 's best songs . One thing that easily stands out throughout the album is that the songwriting and musicianship is absolutely fantastic . The intro to At the Heart of Winter is simply brilliant , causing the listener to suddenly feel as if he has been transported into the depths of winter . The songs contain an eerie cold atmosphere yet also display a sense of beauty . Anyway , if your a fan of Immortal you should already have this album but if your just starting out with them , this is a great album to start with .
 `` At The Heart Of Winter '' was my first listening experience from Immortal , and I must honestly say I was instantly amazed with the frozen , atmospheric beauty , and the cold brutality behind this stunning piece of work , and I was won over in an instant as a result . Whenever I 'm listening to this album , I always imagine myself being surrounded by vast , cold , and beautiful winter landscapes , exploring frozen caves of ice , and standing on top of a frozen , snowy mountaintop while admiring the majesty of the winter landscape . This album truly is the perfect blackened winter metal soundtrack , believe me . Abbath 's guitarwork is just magnificent , with the use of awesome thrashy style riffs , fast tremolo picking , and many speed changes and chord progressions , and of course his throat ripping vocals are good enough to want to conquer all that you face in your path . Horgh 's drumming is absolutely amazing here , ranging from insanely fast blasting beats , to perfectly well timed double bass and fantastic fills . I really like how he does n't restrict himself to a single one-dimensional style , like mindlessly blasting away , or placing his feet on auto pilot while droning away on his double bass . A lot of different timings for the snare are used , as well as a multitude of crashes , and he also follows along with Abbath 's speedy riffs with excellent percussion without losing any time whatsoever . The album 's first track `` Withstand The Fall Of Time '' is a brilliant opener that starts off with a great single opening riff before the song kicks into full speed . The following track `` Solarfall '' is without question one of Immortal 's best songs ever . It begins with a quick drum roll , and then follows into a barrage of awesome riffs , drumming , and vocals . A true highlight this song is , and the highlights just keep on coming . Another one of my favorites , track three `` Tragedies Blows At Horizon '' just immediately grabs you by the throat and never lets up with more awesome , catchy riffage , including an awesome headbanging take no prisoners like riff around 5:18 , and I also love the nice , catchy and atmospheric clean chord parts thrown in as well especially near the end . This song is just pure magic , I love it . The fourth track `` Where Dark And Light Do n't Differ '' is an awesome thrash inspired number that just comes at you at full force without letting up , meanwhile the title track `` At The Heart Of Winter '' -LRB- which is my personal favorite off the album -RRB- begins with an emotionally beautiful , and atmospheric clean guitar and keyboard intro which lasts for a little over 2 minutes , and then at 2:07 , the songs erupts into an unstoppable avalanche of catchy riffing , drumming , and commanding vocals . The intro in this song is without question one of the greatest intros I 've ever heard in any metal song ever . And then finally on the epic album closer , `` Years Of Silent Sorrow '' has Immortal closing out this masterpiece on a go out fighting kind of note the only way the band can . Overall , this album is an A + masterpiece , and one of the best Black Metal releases I 've ever listened to . I definately recommend this masterpiece to any fan of Immortal , Black Metal , and Metal period ... HORNS UP !!!
 Well , I discovered Dark Funeral after this band and I can say immortal played a big role of bridge to the black metal . There are so much to appreciate their work and I love Abbath !
 Immortal ... top notch Black Metal . Consisting of mainly three members throughout their career , Immortal came forth during the height of their success with - At The Heart Of Winter - . This was the first to grab my attention towards actually listening to Immortal , mainly because of the majestic cover art . While only holding six tracks produced by the godly Peter Tagtgren , the album is more than enough to satisfy our diabolical tastes . One notably difference is the thrash influence , which works wonders with Immortal 's formula.One amazement to me is the virtuosic Abbath Doom Occulta . Since Demonaz suffered a severe hand injury , he was hindered so much that he could n't remain an member , but would n't let his skills go to waste . Instead , he decided to become the bands lyricist , and his works show up on here . This has left Abbath to reach out to all instruments except drums . Really quite the feat when you think about it how much effort it takes . Then again I 'm pretty sure there were session musicians.Anyways , sides having the cover art in your possession , the tracks are truly divine . Notable nods would be given to inner four tracks
 This is my second attempt at writing a review for ATHOW . I do n't know what happened to the first one . But , I 'm sure none of you really care !! HAHA . ATHOW is very close to being the best metal record I own . The guitar work by Abbath is bone-crushing , and the drumming by Horgh is phenominal . But , the real excellence is Peter Tagtgren 's production . He brings to life what these musicians are conveying . Superb . Immortal have created an amazing metal `` fantasy '' with all their records . Brilliant . Immortal is now reforming and will open the Wacken Festival in Germany in 2007 . Be there if you can , if not buy this and `` Sons of Northern Darkness . ''
 At the Heart of Winter ; the shiniest gem of Immortal 's impressive icy cold catalogue . Mere words truly can not describe what will be experienced when the play button is pushed for the first time . Since its release in 1999 , this CD has remained one of my all time favorite albums.There is such a juxtaposition of sound when compared to Blizzard Beasts . -LRB- Its predecessor -RRB- While Blizzard Beasts was fast and raw with short songs , this song ups the ante with long , technical masterpieces , all ranging up in the 8 minute range . Unlike some CD 's where the length of the song drags on and on , these songs never become stale or repetitive . It is amazing that this was put out by only two metal machines . -LRB- Or gods as I like to call them -RRB- Abbath and Horgh composed and performed a CD that will be nigh impossible to topple from its lofty mantle.While Abbath handles the Bass , Guitar , and Vocals flawlessly , this CD gives Horgh his first chance to really shine behind the kit . Unlike Blizzard Beasts , which was full of hyper speed blast beats , this album gives him a chance to display his technical genius on more epic songs . From varying cymbal crashes to snare and tom fills , the drums on this album are really something to behold.I may be a bit of a ` mark ' for Immortal , but with good reason . My list of metal idols includes Abbath and Horgh , but can you blame me ? I will let you judge this CD for yourself , but more often than not , you will agree with my much deserved five star rating .
 Wow , this is absalutely one of the best things I 've ever heard . I bought Sons of Northern Darkness a while back and kinda forgot about them after I had worn out my C.D. . The riffs on this C.D. are so technical and cold , and the vocals are incredible . My Favorite song on here is Solarfall , it 's just ... I ca n't put it into words , buy this c.d.
 This CD is amazing , the guitar solos are ass kicking ! and Abbath 's vocals go well with the music . This is great black metal , Immortal is one of the finest black metal bands out there . In my opinion , every song on this album is wonderful , If you love black metal , then this CD is for you ! It 's worth your money and time . The Best 2 songs here are
 I became a fan along with a friend a while back while searching through my brother 's CD case . We found this , thought it looked cool , so we popped it in my boombox . The only black metal we knew of back then were Emperor , but we loved them to death , so obviously we enjoyed ` At ... ' This album was a major push into the world of black metal for my friend and I. I now own a multitude of black metal albums , yet this still seems to be one of my favorites . Also , its the only Immortal CD other than ` Sons . . ' than I can find ! I find it incredible how these songs can be quite repetitive and still I can listen to each second of every song . I believe its because of the incredible atmosphere that was created with this album . I mean just listen to the all out beauty of Solarfall . The crunchy cold guitar riff , coupled with the distorted bass , gargled vocals , and insane drumming create a winterland of metal . Its really hard to explain , so please , do yourself a favor and check this one out!The Band-Abbath , guitars , bass , synthesizers , and vocals - I give Abbath incredible credit for being able to pick up guitar and synth duites as well as bass . Demonaz caught some sort of illness sadly that restrained him from playing the guitar . He still writes lyrics for Immortal though . I believe with this album Immortal found an incredible style of their own , since Abbath creates most of the material written nowadays . I am glad more clean guitar is being incorporated with Immortal 's music . Abbath also creates some very cool keyboard lines as well , like those on Solarfall and the title track . Hail Abbath!Horgh , drums and percussion - Horgh is one of the standouts of this album . His drumming is n't as fast as it is on ` Sons . . ' , but it still fits the music perfectly and adds even more to that atmosphere I 've been talking about . His percussive drums sound pretty cool too.At The Heart of Winter is a perfect addition to any black metal collection , and probably should be in everyone 's . Plus , it 's a great starter CD for new black metal fan , because it is n't an all out attack on the senses , which many black metal bands try to do .
 Let 's start with the drama that happened before this recording . Abbath and Demonaz found their new drummer Horgh and released Blizzard Beats , which did n't fare as well as the group hoped . Well , the band regrouped to start working on this album when Demonaz suffered career-ending tendinitis . With the future of Immortal in doubt , the group forged ahead with Demonaz writing the lyrics , Horgh playing drums , and Abbath having to sing , play guitar , and play bass on the recording . The recording process was tedious and frustrating . All and all , Immortal needed to come out with that magnum opus just to stay sane ... . well , they did it , and this is that album.You would n't think of it due to the 6-track length , but the album is over 45 minutes long . I ca n't single out a single track on this album as to which is more superior than the other because the album tells like a story . `` Withstand the Fall of Time '' is the perfect opening track because of how grandiose the opening of the song is ; while `` Years of Silent Sorrow '' have the perfect ending because it brings down the house just like any live metal show . Remarkable riffs and some of the most intense drumming put to tape is all found here and everything that 's right about metal is demonstrated on this album . The only way it could be more metal is if it started rusting , but then you could n't listen to the CD so that 's probably a good thing.I recommend this album to all metal fans and all fans of music . I also recommend getting the CD as opposed to Amazon/iTunes download because while these guys made one of the best metal albums ever , they also shot some of the most unintentionally hilarious promo photos ever too and those can be found in the liner notes !
 I can not say how great this album really is , this is a new side of Immortal , meaning , more technical , longer songs , longer album length , this album has 6 tracks , but clocks in at 46 minutes , so the songs are kind of epic , great guitars , vocals , drums , and well written songs . `` Withstand the Fall of Time '' Is the opener here , and what an opener , this song features great riffs , clocks in at 8 minutes , amazing song . `` Solarfall '' Is the rawest song on the album , featuring more great riffs , Abbath is a hell of a musician , yes , he plays bass , guitars , synthisizers , and vocals , Horge is on drums . `` Tradedies Blows at Horizon '' while not as strong as the previous 2 , still rules , great opening riffs , this song is almost 9 minutes , and really shows the epic side of Immortal . `` Where Dark and Light Do n't Differ '' Opens with a great , catchy , heavy riff , then speeds up really nice , they manage to keep it fast , but catchy at the same time . `` At The Heart of Winter '' Opens with a sound effect , then soon a melodic guitar comes in , then the synths come in about a minute later , very cool sounding , then comes in a killer intro riff , heavy as hell , this song has some great leads , all in all , great song . `` Years of Silent Sorrow '' Is the album closer , this is the way you want to close an album , with a great song , this song is pretty fast all the way through , with the occasional groove , nothing wrong with that , killer song.If you have n't heard Immortal before , and want to get into them , get this album , this is a good one to start with .
 This is n't black metal or death metal , it 's viking metal ! And it 's really awesome ! This disc is so epic , and the riffs are technical and `` catchy '' . I love it !
 Immortal , one of the most famous black metal bands to have ever come out of Scandinavia . On this album , `` At The Heart of Winter '' the furious 100 mph guitar riffs and drum blasts , give way to still 100 % agression but a more melodic , compact sound . This is a brilliant record that in good Immortal fashion , keeps on with the Nordic theme and gives us treasures like `` Tragedies Blow at Horizon `` and `` Solarfall '' , the songs on this album are amoung the best immortal has ever written . The production on this album is also superior to anything they had put out before this , the guitar sounds are very clear and every single note seems to be in the perfect place , its amazing , considering how fast Immortal plays . The art work is also impressive , by just looking at the cover you get a sense of what the music is going to be like . . dark , cold , and PERFECT .
 Sir Adrian Boult had a long recording career , but for whatever reason , the music of Sibelius did n't feature much in his discography . The two Sibelius CDs issued in the US on Vanguard form the official studio discography , mono recordings from the 1950 's that he conducted with the London Philharmonic Orchestra -LRB- LPO -RRB- . This first of those 2 CDs includes a perennial favorite , `` The Swan of Tuonela '' , and the 4th of the `` Four Legends of the Kalevala '' , `` Lemminkainen 's Homecoming '' , and 3 other stand-alone tone poems . Boult and the LPO do well in all the performances , solid , straight renditions without fuss or self-consciousness , as typical of Boult 's generally straightforward manner . In `` Pohjola 's Daughter '' , Boult slightly lacks the panache initially that Bernstein showed in his New York Philharmonic recording from the 1960 's , but Sir Adrian 's more `` slow burn '' approach does have its own rewards both there and in `` Lemminkainen 's Homecoming '' , where the faster music blossoms naturally without sounding hurried.The 1956 recordings are fine and clear monophonic sound , only slightly lacking brightness in the upper range . The back of the case carries a kind letter of thanks from the composer to the record company and to Sir Adrian Boult , describing the records as `` very good indeed in all respects '' . If you 're a fan of Boult and of Sibelius , both this CD and the Vol . 2 companion are worth checking out . -LRB- There is also a BBC Legends CD with Boult conducting Sibelius ' Symphony No. 7 . -RRB-
 I have thoroughly enjoyed this album and this group . Their songs of the Canadian Northwest celebrate the lives of the trappers , bush pilots , miners and Mounties who populate this fascinating part of the globe . Their folk songs are reminiscent of the great music and groups of the 1960 's and 1970 's .
 One Night In New Orleans and She Rides Wild Horses are well worth the price of the cd just for those two songs . The rest are pretty dang good too .
 This is a must have CD for ANY country music fan . Once you start listening to this CD , it may never come out of your CD player ! It is filled with high energy , upbeat tunes and a couple slower , beautiful ballads , and ends with a new version of `` Mr. Right Now . '' I 've had the priveledge of seeing these guys live , and they are unbelieveable ! One day soon , they will be taking Nashville by storm .
 Awesome CD . My favorite is Kinda Cool , Ai n't It . But , all are good up beat songs .
 THE POVERYNECK 'S SIMPLE , DOWN-TO-EARTH , LYRICS HAVE HIGH IMPACT !! I LOVED THE GROUP FROM THE FIRST TIME I SAW AND HEARD THEM ON PGH 'S WQED DURING THANKGIVING 05 . DO N'T LOOK BACK IS A GREAT ALBUM !
 I know of the band from my days in Pittsburgh . I normally like their music but some of the arrangements on this alnum were not done to my liking and the songs were the same ones I liked on a different album .
 Joseph Hill is one of the few reggae musicians that can claim a rightful bloodline to the original roots conscious innovators who actually began the international movement of reggae music . To Joseph Hill 's credit , Culture has remained firmly rooted in the spirit of Rasta consciousness and roots music that is essence of reggae.Some thirty odd albums later one finds Joseph occupying much the same musical space as he was in the mid-seventies . It 's a very good space and while others have moved on , it has become remarkable how Culture continues to endure , not from a forumula of success , but by never deviating from what made them great . Culture never felt the need to follow trends , and devolve into a band that used electronic gimmickery and an attitude of `` slackness '' into order to stay relevant . Culture keeps doing what they 've always done best , which will leave Joseph Hill the last man standing , when all of the accounts are set straight . Cuture is truly harder than the rest .
 CULTUREWorld PeaceHeartbeatJoseph Hill is one of reggae 's greatest living songwriters and survivors . When you think that most international recording artists able to deliver thirty albums in over a quarter of a century , might or should be millionaires - here comes Hill , still thriving on a large underground fan base and working the club circuit that extra hard with every passing year . If he has wealth , it 's not related to silver or gold , but in wisdom and prophecy.In 1977 , Hill 's vocal group Culture -LRB- then comprising of Hill 's cousin , Albert Walker and cousin-in-law , Kenneth Paley -RRB- released an album of legendary proportions , ` Two Seven 's Clash ' that made an impact on the growing legion of white , anti-establishment English punk rockers of the time . England was a hot bed for sufferer 's music of all kinds and with racism rearing its ugly head , the country 's wild youth found some solace in the sufferer 's sound of Joseph Hill and company.What has emerged in the twenty six years since , is a reggae icon of majestic proportions who conducts himself in public with dignity and always has a joke or two to pull out from behind your ear . Surviving the exodus of young ears to reggae dancehall 's phenomenon during the late 80 's and early 90 's , Hill elevated his stature with the emerging roots , reggae revivalists during the late 90 's . He and Culture crowned the 20th century with a series of impressive albums , ` One Stone , ' ` Trust Me ' ` Cultural Livity ' -LRB- live -RRB- , ` Pay Day ' on RAS Records as well as ` Humble African ' on VP . Even today , Joseph Hill 's voice shows no sign of wear or tear and his strength as a songwriter is just as apparent now with ` World Peace ' as it was with ` Two Seven 's Clash . ' A master at writing anthemic chants in a hymn-like manner , Hill 's profound insights into poverty , war and injustice are all revealed on ` World Peace . ' From the cries of `` Some of them a holler , some a ball '' on ` Time Is Getting ' to the persevering restraint shown on ` Never Get Weary , ' Hill 's hypnotic hooks grab your attention and never want to let go . Whether he 's inviting George Bush to reason by his side -LRB- bible in hand -RRB- under a marijuana tree -LRB- as on the title track -RRB- or chanting alongside niyabinghi drums on the exceptional `` Babylon Falling , '' Hill captivates as well as he does communicate . `` There 's enough -LRB- freedom -RRB- to satisfy a mans need , but not enough to satisfy his greed . Hill declares on . `` Sweet Freedom . `` The delightful harmonies and anecdotes on ` World Peace ' are enhanced by the inclusion on three tracks -LRB- `` Bad A Bawl '' , `` Dog '' and `` Holy Mount Zion '' -RRB- of Jamaica 's leading roots band , The Firehouse Crew . These tracks are by no means superior as `` Babylon Falling '' will a-test , but certainly help solidify the album . Regardless of the fact , Joseph Hill has left us with another sublime piece of work for us to think about , repeat and respond to . Let 's hope that he , Albert and Telford Nelson continue to walk in Jah light and soldier on toward world peace until all of life 's tribulations `` come down . ''
 Culture is not a band that wastes time with anything less than the hugest issues . From the title song announcing that we ca n't take another war & that we want world peace to the mystic reverie Walk in Jah Light & other demands for social rectification , such as No Segregation , everything on this CD is monumentally important . Both the lyrics & the completely memorable music ! Good on Culture !
 Another essential release from Culture . Still smokin ' after all these years , Joseph Hill has proved once again why he is one of roots reggae 's few remaining elder statesmen . Be sure to catch him live if you get the chance . Peace !
 The music of Culture gets addicting real fast . This music makes you feel good even through the more serious songs . Love and Light , heart and wisdom !
 I am really a bob marley fan but I wanted something new . After , researching for good reggae music . I found culture . Most of their songs here are good . It keeps you grooving . this is a good reggae collection .
 This is an instant classic . No Flaws . I just keep playing it over and over again . Reggae at its best . A must have .
 This is one of the best Reggae albums to come out for a long time `` World Peace '' , featuring Culture a mesmerizing preacher-teacher who tells it like it is . Heavy bass and drums , vibrating your whole being and getting through the fibers of life with every lyric.Several highlights ~ `` WORLD PEACE '' , purity of harmonies reign within this simply but true statement ~ `` NO SEGREGATION '' , hits home in every part of the world , no matter where you 're standing at the time ~ `` SELECTION TRAIN '' , again the lyrics blend with the beat , all you need is clean hands and pure in heart to climb aboard the Reggae train ... sounds good to me.If Reggae is your cup of tea , then this one is a keeper . Take a bow Rounder Records for this enjoyable release , look forward to many more of the same ... got ta love it!Total Time
 good album . most of songs are good .
 While living in northern Spain -LRB- Burgos , Castilla y Le&oacute;n -RRB- , I travelled to Cu&eacute;llar . Part of my trip involved visiting the castle and Mud&eacute;jar church of St. Mart&iacute;n de Cu&eacute;llar -LRB- built in the 12th century -RRB- . Inside the church , we participated in a multimedia journey through the church 's construction by Jewish , Christian and Moorish craftsmen during the Conviv&eacute;ncia , the period of time when the three religions coexisted peacefully in Spain . This CD is the soundtrack to the multimedia exhibit , and stands alone well , recorded between 1995-1999 . The composer , Eduardo Paniagua , is also a talented multi-instrumentalist , playing psaltery , flutes , cymbals , drums and effects.A brief note
 This is an extraordinary jazz reflection on the death of dozens of prisoners at Attica Penitentiary in New York State . For those who do n't know the story , it is a brief and sad tale . Prisoners at Attica seized hostages and the prison itself and proceeded to issue demands for better living conditions . This was a futile and bloody uprising . Through force the prisoners turned all the usual power relationships upside down and scores were settled.The State negotiated with the prisoners . Ultimately the negotiations failed . Then , without warning , the State carried out an armed attack on the prison . Guards being held hostage were killed by shots from the State police . Prisoners were killed by the shooting . Call this a massacre , a slaughter , a failure of government or whatever you will . In the end , the State and Nelson Rockefeller as Governor , chose to end the rebellion and slaughtered the innocent and the guilty together.Archie Shepp in this wonderful piece of experimental jazz has joined instrumental work , spoken word , and song in a memorial to the dead inmates and to the profound human loss that Attica represents . This album has been unavailable on CD for many years . It is a touching and amazing work . It is well worth adding to your collection if you recall the time in which Attica took place . Shepp focused on a strange , sad event and created a poem that is a remarkable evocation of lost innocense and humanity .
 I have been a Dolly Parton fan for longer than I can remember . I listened to my cassette with Jolene until I wore it out . This is Dolly Parton 's best album ever . Period . There is not a bad song on the record . Her soulful , plaintive ballads contrast with driving bluegrass melodies to create a complete album . There is no way to really explain how good this album is - you just have to experience it for yourself . If you are a fan of Dolly Parton or just bluegrass music in general , you need to buy this album .
 I have always been into bluegrass , play it on several stringed instruments and listen to it often . This album came out around the time of `` Oh Brother Where Art Though '' . Maybe a little bit after but as good as the sountrack was for OBWAT , This album on first listen just sent my bluegrass pride to moon.First off , song choice . I may have picked some other favorites but this selection and order are pleasing enough . I will bet whoever was involved in selecting the songs had many hours of pondering for sure.Second , the musicianship . All of these guys have been in the business for years . Very excellent group.Thirdly , it is Dolly Parton singing the songs . This is not a put down putting the fact Dolly is doing the singing , it is just that you know you are buying one of her albums anyway and the first two perks , I think she would even agree with . Dolly in my book is the true embodiment of blue grass and the `` hill people '' , `` mountain people '' lifestyle . She was born into it , lived it and everyone entertained themselves with music growing up in those places . Her voice is unmistakable and clear as the mountain streams . Is also an accomplished musician herself.The songs as I said are a great selection . My two favorites are `` Silver Dagger '' , The reprise after `` Silver Dagger '' and the way it breaks into `` Train Train '' just thereafter.I also bought Sparrow and it may be good but nowhere near this as nothing else is either .
 If you havent bought this CD yet , then what are you waiting for !!! This is one of the best bluegrass CDs I have heard and I love Dolly also .
 Dolly - I love ya singing any type of music . But it sounds to me like this music is your true heart and self . As usual , Dolly 's voice is clean and true . The harmony blended in perfection . The musicians are most obviously top-notch . No conglomerated sounds or clashing instruments . Each knew which part to carry and how much and how strong . The band was perfectly balanced in tone and volume , and volume is very important . One instrument overpowering another or the voice is the downfall of many bands - of any type of music . But not this one . Each song 's arrangement is very slick and precise . One of my favorites is `` I Still Miss Someone '' - which is the very best arrangement I have ever heard . Ah , it was a great pleasure to hear the mandolin , dobro , bass and fiddle as they were meant to be played . And Dolly ? It is always a pleasure to hear her singing - anything , anytime .
 Once again Dolly is magical . She is the Mother of the country singers who are alive today .
 This is a great CD , especially if you like Bluegrass music and Dolly Parton . What a fantastic combination !
 I had no idea Dolly Parton was this GOOD . Really , seriously , this is top notch and I rate it 5 stars .
 After recording a series of country albums in the late ' 90 's that did n't sell , Dolly Parton suddenly found herself for the first time in her life without a major record label . Sugar Hill Records , an independent record company specializing in the blugrass sound , made arrangements with Dolly for her to record a bluegrass album in early 1999 . She would finance the CD , but Sugar Hill would take care of the marketing and selling of it . What resulted was an album that became Dolly 's most critically acclaimed in her forty-plus year career . `` The Grass Is Blue '' was released in October , 1999 , the same month Dolly was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame . The album would go on to win the Grammy the following year as Best Bluegrass Album , and is regarded as helping blugrass receive renewed popularity in the early 2000 's . Dolly does a splendid cover of Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer '' as well as Lester Flatts and Earl Scruggs ' `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' . Miss Parton also brings back an old song from her 1972 album `` Touch Your Woman '' called `` Will He Be Waiting For Me '' , that features some of the best Dolly vocals ever . The best song on the CD is the title track , which was recorded by Noah Jones in 2003 for the Dolly tribute album `` Songs of Dolly Parton '' . `` The Grass is Blue '' did n't receive any radio airplay , as many country disc jockeys simply stopped playing Dolly because they wanted to play only younger artists . The CD peaked at # 24 country and # 198 pop on the Billboard Charts .
 Wow . I never considered myself a fan of Dolly Parton until I picked up this album . If you like bluegrass , do yourself a favor and buy this . You wo n't regret it .
 I first heard a cut from this album -LRB- `` Just a Few Old Memories -RRB- on the radio and HAD to have it ! Dolly is phenomenal , and really arranged to have the `` Dream Team '' of bluegrass players and singers work with her . I love this album .
 Dolly Parton 's 61st full-length album captures the freshness and vibrancy of the mountain music known as bluegrass . `` The Grass is Blue '' is a superb collection of swift , rambunctious tunes and soft , gentle melodies meshed together by genius instrumentation and Dolly 's exquisite vocal style . From the rowdy opening cover of Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer '' to the elegant a capella closing of `` I 'm Ready , '' the disc offers 13 delectable slices of heaven . Gathered together are the premiere artists of the genre - top pickers Jerry Douglas , Sam Bush and Stuart Duncan to name a few plus the harmonies of Alison Krauss , Patty Loveless and others - with one of America 's true musical treasures belting out some sorrowful `` high lonesome sound . '' Other pick tracks include the steamrolling `` Train , Train , '' a mournful `` Silver Dagger , '' the humorous `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' and Dolly originals `` Will He Be Waiting For Me , '' `` Steady as the Rain '' and the title cut . `` The Grass is Blue , '' released on Sugar Hill Records and Dolly 's own Blue Eye Records , is a true gift for her fans and enough to transport even a hard core rock fanatic into bliss in the hills of Kentucky .
 I do not know what roads Dolly had to travel to get her back to her bluegrass musical home - but I am sure glad that she got there . This is Dolly 's best piece of work since her collaboration with Linda Rondstadt and Emmylou Harris on Trio.This is a wonderful , wonderful piece of work . I have listened to Dolly through the years and have always admired her talent and her personality . It has saddened me to see Dolly 's career pushed down the rather tired formulaic Nashville path . It appears a return to blue grass was an excellent way of taking a nice long detour around Nashville.I am not much of a blue grass listener but the Grass is Blue transcends confinement to any one genre of music . The arrangements are wonderful . They are free of the typicallly overdone wall of sound Nashville glitz that has transformed country music from its distinct roots into a slightly down home version of standard American pop music.The back-up musicians and singers are perfect and complement Doly in fine fashion . In a strange way - The Grass is Blue is to Dolly Parton what Supernaural is to Santanna . Its a return to their artisitic roots - but with a stunning freshness that leaves the listener yearning for more of the same.All the tracks on this CD are worth listening to . Cash on the Barrelhead stands out as does Train , Train . The closing track , I Am Ready find Dolly at her most soulful . It is sung as a prayer and has a mournful , yet joyous quality , that Dolly 's voice renders perfectly.This is one of the great CDs . You do not have to like or have any knowledge of bluegrass musc to love this CD .
 Let me start by saying that I do n't normally like bluegrass , country or Dolly even if I can appreciate the artistry behind them . That said , I must also say that this album is easily one of the best of 1999 . I fell in love with the songs , lyrically and muscially . The music was perfectly performed and Ms. Parton 's voice was the perfect compliment . She has mastered the art of singing and telling stories . She packs emotion into her voice without effort and brings the songs to life . I actually got teary eyed during what I feel is the best song on the album , `` Silver Dagger '' , which takes the voice of a young woman telling her beloved that she ca n't marry him and she will sleep alone forever because of her mother 's warnings . There 's a really good mix of love songs and stories . A sense of humor also flits through the album . Parton even pulls a perfect reversal of the old `` he done me wrong '' song , singing in the voice of a woman who left a man and later realizes he was the one and is on her way back to him , wondering if he has waited for her . Do yourself a favor and buy this album . Do n't think of it as a bluegrass album or a country album or as another Dolly Parton album . Think of it as the opportunity to hear a masterwork , the apex of someone 's career . It is truly a wonderful collection of songs that will catch both your mind and your heart up with their rhythm and voice . Congrats Ms. Parton , you 've won a new fan .
 And I never thought I would go for bluegrass , always conjuring up images of `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' in my mind . Leave it to Dolly to educate me . This music is extraordinary
 When a friend 's e-mail said , `` You have to get the new Dolly Parton album , '' I wrote back , `` I do n't see how , in 1999 , a Dolly Parton album could anything but beside the point . '' Well , I 'll take that big plate of crow I have to eat fried , please . This is astonishingly good . Every note from everyone is completely right , utterly heartfelt . All made by humans , all in real time on real instruments . Name another album you can say that about in the last five years . And I fear that `` Silver Dagger '' will haunt my days and nights for eternity . Dolly is a national treasure !
 Although Dolly had recorded the occasional song in a bluegrass style before , I 'd never have expected her to do a whole bluegrsass album.With backing vocals by the three finest bluegrass ladies -LRB- Claire Lynch , Alison Krauss and Rhonda Vincent -RRB- and a stellar cast of bluegrass musicians -LRB- Jerry Douglas on dobro , Sam Bush on mandolin , Bryan Sutton on guitar , Stuart Duncan on fiddle , Barry Bales on bass and Jum Mills on banjo -RRB- , the album is one of the best Dolly has ever recorded.The songs include covers from a variety of sources , including Billy Joel -LRB- Travelin ' prayer -RRB- , Louvin brothers -LRB- Cash on the barrelhead -RRB- , Hazel Dickens - another fine bluegrass singer -LRB- A few old memories -RRB- , Lester Flatt -LRB- I 'm gon na sleep with one eye open -RRB- , Johnny Cash -LRB- I still miss someone -RRB- and traditional folk -LRB- Silver dagger -RRB- . Dolly 's own songs are included - some old -LRB- Steady as the rain , first recorded by her sister Stella -RRB- and Will he be waiting for me -LRB- originally recorded by Dolly on her Touch your woman album -RRB- - and some new , including the title track.The tempo of the album is generally upbeat . Much credit is given to the O brother soundtrack for the current popularity of bluegrass , but it 's popularity had already risen significantly as a result of this excellent album .
 AS A TRUE DOLLY PARTON FAN , AND ALSO A BLUEGRASS MUSIC FAN . IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN A WISH TO HAVE SONGS DONE BY MISS DOLLY IN BLUEGRASS FORM . I HAVE ENJOYED MOST ALL OF THE MUSIC SHE HAS DONE IN HER CARREER , BUT CAN SAY THIS IS WITHOUT A DOUBT MY FAVORITE . THE TEAMING OF HER VOICE WITH THE WONDERFUL HARMONIES , AND MUSICIANSHIP , OF THESE OTHER -LRB- GREAT IN THERE OWN RESPECTS -RRB- ARTISTS , WAS A DREAM COME TRUE . I PURCHASED THIS ON THE RELEASE DATE , AND HAVE LISTENED TO IT ALMOST EVERY DAY SINCE . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY DOLLY FAN , OR BLUEGRASS FAN LOOKING FOR GREAT MUSIC .
 Coming from someone whose musical preferences run the gamut , from Mariah Carey to Portishead to the Cardigans and back to Geri Haliwell , these words hold quite a bit of meaning . I had read reviews of the album which touted it as the `` best of her career '' and , of course , was skeptical . I can say with complete honesty that this Bluegrass was something I was unfamiliar with , but something I have come to greatly appreciate . The music is fresh and live , different from any mainstream pop we hear nowadays , and is well-deserving of a listen by anyone with an ear for music , whether they are a city boy -LRB- Bronx , NY here -RRB- or not . Good music has a way of transcending boundaries , and this is one of those discs .
 Dolly surprised everyone with this album . Just recently Dolly had been let go as a result of Decca 's closure , and she wasnt signed to MCA like many of the old Decca artists were , so Dolly decided to go independant . This is the best bluegrass cd ever . Dolly does a lot of old favorites and some new ones . From the album starter Traveling Prayer to the album 's accapella closer , I Am Ready , Dolly covers a lot of ground here . Highlights include A Few Old Memories , Silver Dagger , Endless Stream of Tears , Cash on the Barrelhead , my favorite though is Traveling Prayer . You got ta get this one , be amazed like the rest of us . This is pure gold .
 First of all , Miss Dolly is at her best in this down-home-style , unplugged situation . Her voice can still bring a tear to this old man 's eye.Secondly , she has surrounded herself with some of the best pickers I 've heard in years . From the opening riff , which will grab you if you 're blue at all , to the end , which is a gospel piece -LRB- I Am Ready -RRB- performed a capella , she covers just about every bluegrass taste.Two of my personal favorites are `` Cash on the Barrelhead '' and `` Silver Dagger . '' The former , a jumped-up version of as good a Bluegrass Boogie as I , or anyone else , have ever heard . The latter , a soulful ballad of a girl being wooed by a traveling gigolo , and her mother 's determination not to let the same thing happen to her daughter that happened to her.Dolly covers some old standards like , `` A Few Old Memories , '' `` I Still Miss Someone , `` I Wonder Where You Are Tonight , '' etc. , as only she can . You know the song 's real , 'cause you can feel the hills . `` Train , Train '' rocks with the best of them . I was n't crazy about the title track , `` The Grass Is Blue '' but , like a few other things we have all known in this life , it might not all be great , but ai n't none of it bad.One more word about the pickers
 When Dolly Parton took the stage at the Academy Awards this past week to sing her song from `` Transamerica '' , `` Travelin ' Thru '' , her effervescent vocalizing and natural buoyancy -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- reminded me of what a great performer she truly is . For someone who has not really embraced country music , I have come over the years to appreciate the honesty , giggly sense of humor and abundant singing talent behind the glamorous trappings of her outsized persona . With 1999 's `` The Grass Is Blue '' , I have come to respect her as a true artist who has found a musical genre perfectly suited to her bird-like voice.Supported by a superb ensemble of bluegrass musicians , she takes on songs as diverse as Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer '' and traditionals like `` Silver Dagger '' , my personal favorite thanks to Sam Bush 's amazing mandolin playing and Jerry Douglas 's equally impressive performance on the Dobro . Other standout tracks include the Louvin Brothers ' comically sly `` Cash on the Barrelhead '' , Shorty Medlocke 's driving `` Train , Train '' ; and Johnny Cash 's plaintive `` I Still Miss Someone '' . The disc ends with the powerfully churchy `` I Am Ready '' , an a capella hymn-like song written by her sister Rachel Dennison . Even if you are not a fan of this type of music , the recording is done with such professional precision and style that it 's pretty hard to resist .
 I bought `` The Grass Is Blue '' on the strength of the rave reviews which appear below . They did n't lie . This is one of the finest things I have ever heard , from ANY musical genre . I played it for my wife , who has zero bluegrass background , and she was just swept away by it . Every cut is strong , but the odd-numbered tracks appeal to me most , with `` Steady As the Rain '' being a particular highlight . Be warned , `` The Grass Is Blue '' may permanently hijack your musical tastes . Now when I listen to blues and rock standards that used to appeal , I just ca n't sustain interest for more than a few minutes . Nothing compares to the power , the purity , the soul that Dolly Parton delivers . I am compelled to go back to `` The Grass Is Blue '' for another deep drought of that cool living water . This is one album I never want to live without .
 How does Dolly Parton do it ? How can she take an old Billy Joel tune like `` Travelin ' Prayer '' and make it sound as though Billy were an idiot for not seeing that it was -- of course ! -- supposed to be a bluegrass tune all along ? In her hands , this tune becomes a rambling , rollicking ode to a traveler missing her lover -- supported and backed by crackerjack bluegrass instrumentalists . `` Travelin ' Prayer '' is just the first of many delights on `` The Grass is Blue . '' Parton 's voice is as strong , supple , and crystalline as it ever was -- she sounds nothing like a woman in her early 50s , as she was when she recorded this in 1999 . Vocally , she is as vigorous -- if not more so -- as she was thirty years ago . She sounds freer , too , as though she 's having more fun and cuttin ' loose . It 's breathtaking to hear.Parton does justice to the old Lester Flatt classic `` I 'm Gon na Sleep with One Eye Open '' -- she 's saucy and sassy and you can practically hear her jaw jutting out with righteous indignation as she scolds her wayward lover . On `` Silver Dagger , '' she uses propulsive banjo -LRB- a 1934 Gibson Flathead RB-3 picked winningly by Jim Mills -RRB- to push forward the awful tale of love and murder that 's been a traditional favorite for centuries . `` The Grass is Blue '' gives Parton the breathing room her spectacularly pure voice needs -- she is backed in vocals by the incomparable Alison Krauss and Dan Tyminski , but she would have been perfectly fine here all by her lonesome . It 's a delight.In addition to the songs written by others , Parton 's songwriting talent is amply in evidence here , on terrific songs like `` The Grass is Blue '' and `` Steady Stream of Tears , '' among others . There 's not a blessed thing wrong with this album , and everything right .
 I always thaught Dolly Parton was a cheesy , Hollywood manufactured musician untill The Grass Is Blue was released . This CD is amazing from start to finish . My favorite song is the Billy Joel cover song Travelin Prayer . The musicianship on this CD is teriffic and Dolly 's voice combined with an all star band makes for a cd that will never leave your cd player . I personally am not a country music fan however , I am a fan of great instrumentation , and this cd is one of the best examples of this I have heard in a while . If you are looking for something new to listen too , grab The Grass is Blue ! , you wont regret it .
 Here in Europe Parton was never considered to be other than american kitch icon , and she was often being subject of jokes , while in USA her talent was recognised long time ago.How victorious she must have felt when she recorded this album and surprised everybody with high quality of her music!Dolly Parton achieved not one , but a few victories here
 To me Dolly Parton always was one of the most terrible artists on earth . A soft , slimy pudding , not worth listening to . But this is really something different
 I ca n't get the cd out of my player ! I heard `` Silver Dagger '' on the Southern Music compilation that came free with the latest Oxford American magazine , then remembered I had read a brief interview with Dolly Parton some time back about this album . Its great ! I 'm not a big country or bluegrass fan , but I might turn into one after this . her voice ! the music ! its all great !
 I 've long awaited Parton 's placing her extraordinary voice where it really belongs -- bluegrass . Most of her recordings are hardly listenable due to the layers of unctious strings and God-knows-what instrumentation of their one-step-from-pop arrangement . Those recordings force you to wonder how she 'd sound if her producers would put her in a room of musicians who can match her talents and just let her rear back and sing , sing , sing . Well , it finally happened , and it beats anything I 'd imagined . The blue grass grows all around all around .
 This is a truly awesome work of art . . it caused me to want to read every single review here on it-which i 've done for no other cd . The songs , packaging , and attitude are all perfection ... this release IS most deserving of all the great reviews and every award it WILL win . Congratulations Dolly on a job well done ... and please continue the great work !
 This is the best album of Dolly PArton 's career bar none ! It is an absolute must for any and all bluegrass fans and I dare say it will make new fans for the genre . You have lived without this CD for long enough . But it today !
 I have decided that if country music radio can not find a place for A Few Old Memories , than it 's time to give up on radio . There are many younger country fans who will never get the chance to here such talent as Dolly Parton and that is the fault of country radio . What a Shame !!
 This is a great CD . Wonderful music as well as the pure voice of Miss Dolly . This is what country radio should be playing instead of the pop music that has taken over . Bring back Dolly ! ! ! Do n't miss out on this fabulous CD .
 After listening to this CD , I am speechless . If there is any justice in the world this CD should bring home the Grammys next spring . Dolly you are the best and this album reaffirms that !!
 Dolly has always had Blue Grass in one form or another on most of her albums ... this effort of all Blue Grass is wonderful and not new for Dolly . I absolutely love it ! Her originals are great too -LRB- as always . p.s. try precious memories cd from dollywood .
 This , without a doubt , may be the best album of Dolly 's career . It is certainly one of the best albums of the year . It is traditional , old time bluegrass music , at its ' very best .
 I love Bluegrass , Alison Krauss , Rhonda Vincent , Bill Monroe , Ricky Scaggs ... And I love Dolly Parton . What could be better than A Bluegrass album by Dolly ? ... The Grass is Blue is Dolly 's best album . The instrumentation is wonderful , Dolly 's voice sounds as pure as a mountain stream , the songs are excellent ... My favorite tracks are
 I listened to the CMA awards on TV a few weeks ago after a long time away from country music , just to see what was going on . The ONLY artist who excited me with her performance was Dolly Parton ! I was SO frustrated to find her new album was not yet released and have been counting the days since . What a fabulous album ! I do n't know what the hell is happening with C&W radio these days , but as long as we have artists like Dolly Parton continuing to persevere with their talent , I wo n't NEED the radio . This album is an instant classic and I hope the word spreads so it can receive the success it deserves . Thanks for a superb album , Dolly ! You leave the new singers in the dust . It 's a joy to listen to you .
 dolly has never sounded better . this is one album that no one should pass up . all the cuts on the album are great . dolly sure knows how to sing bluegrass and you can tell that she did this album to please herself and her fans and not the radio . dolly didnt worry if the songs were good enough for the stations , she just wanteed to please the fans . and she has pleased me very much !!!!!! i just hope radio will play these songs !!!
 Buy it , buy it right now ! While I listened to this CD I laughed , I cried , I ate a pound cake . Dolly Parton 's voice is amazing and the music is stunning . It astonishes me that Dolly has been ignored for the last 5 years when everything else is such crap compared to her . I was thrilled with Hungry Again -LRB- her last CD which you should also buy -RRB- , but this trumps that brilliant CD by leaps and bounds . Finally , a country CD that actually sounds like country music and not just pop music with a straw hat . You go , Dolly girl ! Dolly , you will be a superstar 'til the day you die . And if you never sell one more record , you will still have food on the table and new wigs and shoes in the closet . Please do n't ever let your musical standards fall below the bar you have set with this exquisite CD , The Grass Is Blue . I would have bought it weather it was awful or not . But , I would n't have run to Amazon.com to review it so quickly . It 's amazing , people . Order now . My favorite songs
 I think this CD is a masterpiece ! DOLLY can do any kind of music . My favorite cuts are
 I have only one thing to say about this album
 The Grass is Blue is an incredible effort . Dolly sings it right and how could she go wrong with the world class band she assembled . As someone that has had a passion for this music and played it since 1965 you can take my word that this is a CD you will not regret buying .
 If you have n't heard it yet , let me just say that the new bluegrass album by Dolly Parton , `` The Grass is Blue '' is nothing short of astonishing . Of course , with a band that includes Sam Bush and Jerry Douglas , and guests such as Alison Krauss it is difficult to imagine it being anything but . However , this is only half the story . Add to that mix a great set of songs by folks like Lester Flatt , the Louvin Brothers , and Johnny Cash , an old Elizabethian/southern Appalachian traditional number -LRB- `` Silver Dagger '' -RRB- and an impressive set of originals , and you wind up with easily one of the best albums of the year . It has been a long road for Dolly . After her late 70 's pop sellout , and her 80 's trip to Hollywood it was difficult to sell people on the notion that her late 60 's early 70 's work was of any genuine musical merit , country or otherwise . By 1987 , and her first `` Trio '' album with Emmylou Harris and Linda Ronstadt it slowly looked like there might be light at the end of the tunnel . Such light did not really appear until well into the 1990 's when Nashville and country radio began to ignore her in favor of younger acts making slicker and more generic music then she had been during her pop years . Such a move seems to have emboldened Dolly to get back to her roots . With her -LRB- now out of print -RRB- live `` Heartsongs '' album -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , last year 's `` Hungry Again '' the `` Trio II '' album , the reissue of her superb early 70 's album `` Coat of Many Colors '' -LRB- apparently more of her pre pop sellout albums , which have been out of print for years , in favor of umpteen compilations with `` Here You Come Again , '' and `` I Will Always Love You '' are slated for remastering and reissues -RRB- and now the amazing `` the Grass is Blue '' it appears that a long journey home is in progress , and it is a most welcome development . Get `` The Grass is Blue '' TODAY !
 Forget all those overproduced , overwrought collections of bad or bland Nashville fare that Dolly put out all too frequently over the last decade and a half or more . This is where she should have been all along and , you know , if she 'd been doing this music , with this class of musicians , with the vocal nuancing she brings to each cut she 'd not only be The Big Star she 's always wanted to be -LRB- and is through marketing herself and certain ... hmmm ... assets more than her music -RRB- but she would be it with an artistic reputation second to none . Long may she run on this path begun with Hungry Again and broadened with this classic . Anyone who has ever loved bluegrass or been knocked cold out by Dolly 's voice -LRB- and that is a whole lot of us -RRB- should own this CD . Personal favorites
 I was so happy with Dolly 's `` Hungry Again , '' and her return to real country . I like new country -- but now it is just like pop music . Quite a few one-hit wonders . But Dolly Parton , like Tori Amos and Ani DiFranco -LRB- two that came to mind -RRB- , makes an entire album of great music , instead of an album that showcases two hit songs . If you like folk/indie music , I think you will love this bluegrass album . Her cover of Johnny Cash 's `` I Still Miss Someone '' gave me chills . My favorite song is definitely `` Will He Be Waiting For Me . '' This is bluegrass , but I definitely like a female singing it . It just mellows it out . Dolly has now put out two great albums and with rumors of her possibly going on tour , I could n't be happier . I 'm 26 , have been listening to her since I was little , and have never gotten to see her perform live . But this album , the critics are n't just praising a country hall of famer -- the album deserves every wonderful word .
 This new Dolly Parton CD is just wonderful ! I usually like Country Music , but DOLLY brought Bluegrass to me , and it 's excellent ! All the tracks are flawless , as are all Dolly recordings . Her voice at the age of 54 is like that of a 34 year old ! Her looks are , too ! I would recommened this CD to all music fans ! Buy it ASAP !
 This CD is a masterpiece ! Dolly is just good at any and all types of music . This CD is a must for Dolly fans and Bluegrass fans as well ! Buy it today !
 As a child , I grew up in Knoxville , TN watching Dolly Partin on the Cas Walker Farm & Home Show . I remember her singing Bluegrass back then and did n't really appreciate what I was hearing . Unfortunately , she got away from her roots . Now she has returned with a brilliantly crafted CD that has critics and her fans screaming her praises . Dolly 's voice is perfectly suited to singing Bluegrass and shines through like a beacon in the dark . The arrangements are simple and understated and the song selection impeccable . -LRB- As a Tenneseean , I wish she would have included her awesome version of Rocky Top or at least updated it . -RRB- Dolly 's gon na give a lot of fellow artists a run for their money this year at the Grammy 's with The Grass is Blue and Trio II . A Top 10 CD if I ever heard one !
 It 's great to hear Dolly bringing out a delightful blue-grass themed album.All of the songs are fun to listen to , but her rendition of Johnny Cash 's classic `` I Still Miss Someone '' is worth the price by itself .
 This CD is wonderful . Dolly 's voice is so much better suited to bluegrass and traditional country than the overproduced pop/country music . Silver Dagger is one of the best songs I 've heard all year . I can listen to it again and again . The musical transitions and her voice combine together wonderfully . Buy this CD .
 This CD will send chills up your spine . Dolly sings her heart out , and backed by a group of superb musicians , she delivers one of the finest works of her career . Buy this !
 This CD is simply wonderful . The songs , the voice , the music is perfect . I have followed Dolly for YEARS , and I think this CD ranks with her best , if not her very best PERIOD . I really hope Dolly sticks with this type CD for the years to come . I 'm PRAYING for a Dolly concert at Dollywood of this CD ! My favorite tracks - `` Travelin ' Prayer '' , `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' , `` A Few Old Memories '' , `` I 'm Gon na Sleep ... '' , `` Silver Dagger '' , `` Train , Train '' , and `` I Am Ready . '' Overall , all the songs on the CD are excellent . Thanks Dolly for another heavenly colloection !
 I ca n't claim to have much knowledge about bluegrass music , nor have i listened to it often prior to this album . What i can claim is that upon listening to this stunning piece of work , i was awestruck by it 's natural and organic beauty . No studio trickery here folks , just raw musical talent , coupled with dolly 's magical voice and charm.When listening to this remarkable album , you will honestly feel like you have been transported to some smokey mountain . The music is that rich , and lyrically , it is beyond exceptional . Dolly is a story-teller , and when she sings a verse or chorus , you believe every word of it.In short , leave pre-coneptions behind , and you will find a definitive materpiece within the covers of this album.As a side note , Dolly 's cover of ` Silver dagger ' might just be the greatest recording of her career . I have never heard song which is as compellingly haunting as this is . Dolly 's haunting delivery of the lyrics will give you chills , and is easily the most beautifully crafted song on the album . Pure perfection , and worthy of the price of this cd alone !
 Dolly has described this CD as her `` Blue Mountain '' CD . Part Bluegrass , part mountain music . This is as good as it gets . Dolly never fails to deliver and if you are a Dolly fan or a fan of good music in general , you will not be disappointed .
 An album that may be one of the best of her career . Recorded on the smaller Sugar Hill label away from all of the hype of the music business , Dolly Parton shows she still has the power of her early years . Down home music from a down home lady - the CD features some new Dolly Parton originals along with traditional bluegrass tunes such as `` Silver Dagger '' . Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ` Prayer '' is given bluegrass treatment as well and Dolly 's voice has never sounded better . For those of you who would like to know what a true Country Singer sounds like ... this is it !
 If you love country music or bluegrass music you with drool over this CD and constantly listen to pure bluegrass music and Dolly 's amazingly strong voice over and Over and Over!Album Standouts
 Dolly 's chilling cover of a song most often associated with Joan Baez , `` Silver Dagger '' is alone worth the price of this extraordinary bluegrass album . Parton 's best ever , in my opinion . If you love Dolly anyway , chances are you already have this CD , but if you are simply a bluegrass and/or folk fan , and have somehow managed to miss this record , you still ca n't go wrong by picking this one up . With a voice untouched by the passing years , and inspired all the way through , this is as close to total perfection that Dolly Parton has ever come .
 Well girl , you finally did it ! It 's about time ! I knew you were cut out to do Bluegrass , and do it you did , with the best `` hand-picked '' Bluegrass musicians on the planet . This one will set alongside my other all time Bluegrass favorites . Ca n't wait for the sequel!Love ya Jeff : > -RRB-
 This CD is all out fun and great to listen too . Dolly sounds happy doing what feels naturally . I am not a BIG fan of bluegrass , I can take it in small amounts but I must say that this offering by Dolly suits me to a tee . With her spunk and charisma she pulls these songs right into her corner . I liked it a lot and I think you will too .
 Great album from her , been wanting to hear it for a long time and I was not disappointed . Clear and crisp .
 This new CD by Dolly Parton is wonderful ! I never listened to Bluegrass music , until now ! Dolly has a wonderful voice and this CD just accents her vocal talent even more ! The all-star band and singers , along with Dolly 's stellar soprano just make it a pleasure to listen to ! BUY IT TODAY !
 This is an awesome work . But for the politics and format packagers , several cuts off this CD should have radio airplay . It IS bluegrass , but with a quality that only Dolly and the talented folks that bring everything together can deliver . Remarkable . It should add at least one more Grammy to Dolly 's trophy case .
 If you love country music , new or classic , you will really enjoy this album . Dolly breathes a breath of fresh air into bluegrass music with this collection of beautifully done songs . Do yourself a favor and purchase this wonderful album .
 Though I 've followed Dolly and her career for years , this is the first album -LRB- aside from Trio I & II -RRB- of Dolly 's I 've purchased . It 's second to none ! Her voice is pure and an image of her singing them lovingly comes to mind whenever I play the CD . The musicians are superb , the songs just the right mix to keep it a favorite . Dolly 's a treasure and so is her latest CD .
 What a great new CD from Dolly ! This has n't left my player since I put it on . Beautiful , fun , and thrilling . Her voice on `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' is unbelievable ! Do n't miss this ear candy .
 I was amazed . I was surprised . Not by Dolly 's talent , but her ability to make bluegrass enjoyable . I personally like Dolly 's pop stuff , but this blew me away . What voices and instrumentation . Radio , get a grip . You can continue playing Garth or Shania , but how can you say you provide what the public wants if you wo n't even let them hear GOOD stuff for a change . Keep it up Dolly . You rock !
 The Grass Is Blue is a terrific country music album , an instant classic ! Dolly 's vocals shimmer with sheer beauty and purity . She 's backed by a terrific group of musicians . Her compositions on this album are bright reminders that Dolly is perhaps the finest songwriter in all of country music . It is a crime that truly brilliant pieces of work such as this , performed by brilliant singers like Dolly Parton do n't get airplay on the radio . Get `` The Grass Is Blue '' . It 's a must !
 DOLLY PARTON HAS SHOWN WITH THIS AMAZING ALL BLUEGRASS ALBUM , THE GRASS IS BLUE , WHY SHE CAN STILL CARRY THE TITLE OF QUEEN OF COUNTRY MUSIC . DOLLY IS NOT GETTING THE RADIO AIRPLAY THAT SHE STILL DESERVES . SO SHE LEFT COUNTRY MUSIC AND RELEASED AN ALL BLUEGRASS ALBUM THAT IS IN NO WAY DISAPPOINTING . I STRONGLY FEEL DOLLY WILL WIN A GRAMMY FOR THIS WORK OF PURE MOUNTAIN MUSIC ART . ALSO A WARM WELCOME TO THE RECENT HALL OF FAME MEMBER !
 After 10 years of languishing in glitz and overindulgence , Dolly Parton has recorded an album that is surely the finest country album of the decade . Its been a long road to this superb album . Gone are the overproduced backings that tended to overpower Dolly 's sweet , sweet voice . With this bluegrass album , Dolly 's voice is a finely tuned instrument-like the instruments used in the exceptional backing . Parton is an amazing singer , something Nashville has forgotten for some time now . This album 's musicality is a rare anomaly in country music today-fresh , lively and vibrant , with a hint of sadness . Dolly , its so nice to have you back where you belong !
 Dolly has sure showed her talent in this cd ! Every cut was great ! Every muscian did an excellent job ... THE DESIGN WAS WONDERFUL ! GOOD JOB DOLLY ! AND THANKS TO ALL Y' ALL WHO MADE HER NUMBER ONE TODAY ! YOU GO ! YEEEEeeeee HAWWWWwww !
 This is the BEST CD I 've heard in YEARS ! I highly reccomend this to not only bluegrass fans , but music fans all over the world ...
 All These Songs are rated from 5 to 05 Being The Best And 0 Being The WorstTravelin Prayer 5/5 - A Very Up Tempo SongCash On A Barrelhead 5/5 - Good StoryFew Old Memories 4/5Sleep With One Eye Open 4/5Steady As The Rain 5/5 - I Love The VocalsI Still Miss Someone 5/5Endless Stream Of Tears 3/5 - This Song Dose Not Seem To Fit With The Rest Of The AlbumSilver Dagger 5/5 - This Is A Very Erie SongTrain Train 5/5 - My FaveoriteI Wonder Where You Are Tonight 5/5Will He Be Waiting 5/5 - A Sad Up Tempo SongThe Grass Is Blue 5/5 - Lot Of People Love This SongI Am Ready 3/5 - No Music Just Singing But Is OKI HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS CD To ANYONE !!!!!!!
 I 'm a casual bluegrass fan and I really enjoy this album . Dolly 's voice is perfectly suited for this style of music and the musicians she uses are obviously some of the best in the business.The only complaint I have is that , at only about 45 minutes , this album is too short . Dolly sings on every cut and I do n't think it would have hurt to give this stellar band an instrumental number or two . If this album had two or three extra tracks -LRB- instrumental or otherwise -RRB- I would have given it five stars . `` This album is too short '' could be considered a compliment and in this case that 's partially what it is . Although I would liked to have gotten a little more quantity for my money , the quality of the music could not be better .
 Non Dolly Parton fans will be surprised at how delightful this CD is . If you like blue grass , this has some great picking and plucking . The opening number `` Travelin ' Prayer '' sets the classic tone of this album . What really makes the music shine is Stuart Duncan 's fine fiddling and Jim Mills ' expert banjo pluckin ' . Some good singing surrounded by the very best in blue grass arrangements !
 This is a truly beautiful album , the songs are so relaxing , & enjoyable to listen to . Each song is thought-provoking , & meaningful . As usual , Dolly has done it again ; I 'm so glad I bought this one , & you will be too !
 Possibly the best work of any type of music in 1999 , if not for Steve Earle 's `` The Mountain '' . Dolly really puts the `` blue '' in bluegrass . This is a must buy for any bluegrass collection and , as mentioned above , any collection PERIOD . So , quit reading , quit wondering , do yourself a favor and buy it . You may want to buy 2 and give one to a friend .
 If `` I Am Ready , '' the final cut on this album , does n't bring tears to your eyes , you should probably wonder whether you have a soul .
 Not only am I a fan of Dolly Parton , but a huge fan of bluegrass . Dolly has once again shown her versatility in delivering the essence of bluegrass , and adding so much more with her unique voice and harmonic orchestrations . This album is a buy whether you are a Bluegrass , Dolly Parton , or Folk listener.p.s . I 'm still only halfway through my first listening of the album as I 'm writing this !
 The songs are great , the band is cookin ' , and Dolly 's singin ' like she means it ! From the first cut , you can feel the energy and enthusiasm that Dolly and the band bring to this music . A nice variety of songs ranging from traditional to newgrass . Inspired accompaniment from all-star instrumentalists -LRB- Sutton , Douglas , etc. -RRB- . It 's all good and just gets better on repeated listening . Go , Dolly , go !
 This is a great great album , Dolly is her usual talented self . She always comes through , with her sparkling style , upbeat attitude , and great voice . We truly love Dolly .
 This is a landmark album , because it really changed Dolly 's career . This was Dolly 's first endeavor into bluegrass music , and probably her best in my opinion . There is some great Dolly stuff here . The album opens with her cover of `` Travelin Prayer '' , a song that turns into a boot stomping bluegrass song long before it ends . There 's some fun uptempo 's here like `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' , `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' , `` Will He Be Waiting For Me '' , and more . I love her version of Johnny Cash 's `` I Still Miss Someone '' , which is an album highlight for me . `` Silver Dagger '' is a great song , I like the music and her voice as usual is just stunning . The title track has an interesting lyric . There 's some lovely ballads here like `` A Few Old Memories '' , `` I Still Miss Someone '' and more . Other highlights include `` Steady as the Rain '' , `` Endless Stream of Tears '' and the album closer `` I Am Ready '' . This is a great album , one of Dolly 's best . Definately worth repeated listening .
 This album is the culmination of a promise implied in songs thoughout Dolly Parton 's career , from her cover of Mule Skinner Blues to Silver and Gold to the first Trio album . It runs the gamut of excellent bluegrass , from the humorous Cash On The Barrelhead to the eerie heartbreak of Silver Dagger , from the tradition of I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open and a Few Old Memories to the bluegrass rendering of Travelin ' Prayer.This album would be easily worth its money for just the great pickers . The picking on this album illustrates why the very best players in the world play bluegrass . However , as good as the music is , it pales to Dolly 's voice . You feel every word , and hear every cry , from the drifter who has to pay cash to the tears of the young woman who says no to a lover . GREAT ALBUM -- not a weak song in the bunch .
 I am a true bluegrass fan but never been much of a Dolly Parton fan except for a few songs she 's written . WOW ! This CD is absolutely brilliant . Not only does Dolly do great vocals , but the list of musicians that she has working on this CD with her , well it is a band made in heaven . Anyone who listens to this CD and says they do n't like it or ca n't appreciate bluegrass music , well , I just ca n't understand them ! My very favorite on the CD is Steady as the rain . I also like I still miss Someone , but Cash on the barrell head , rolls around in my head all the time . I listen to it every chance I get . Well worth the $ $ .
 This is one of those beautiful moments . You know Dolly has been kicking around major labels like a tennis ball . You know that women singers past 40 rarely get airplay . You know Dolly is a wonderful singer whose creative potential has not lessened . You bring home her latest CD on the smaller North Carolina-based Sugar Hill label ; and you wonder if her recording career will be reduced to small independent releases . Then you put on the disc . Wow ! I like Dolly 's philosophy
 After years of listening to and performing blues , folk , and maritime -LRB- Celtic -RRB- music , I 've recently fallen for Bluegrass in a big way . Since then , I 've learned a few things about it
 If any musical artist has had a second wind as strong as Dolly Parton 's , they 're hard to think of . The previous year 's return to her mountain roots , `` Hungry Again , '' only hinted at the refueled artistic reservoir she 's set out to tap.Having fully shucked off the concerns of country radio , Parton 's created a superb bluegrass LP , and a work that ranks among the best of her brilliant career . Surrounded by stellar players and singers such as Jerry Douglas , Alison Krauss , Jim Mills , Stuart Duncan , and Rhonda Vincent , her artistry binds them together , providing the leadership that brands each track . Whether borrowing from the Louvin Brothers -LRB- `` Cash on the Barrelhead '' -RRB- or Lester Flatt -LRB- `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' -RRB- , or reframing Billy Joel -LRB- `` Travelin ` Prayer '' -RRB- or Blackfoot -LRB- `` Train , Train '' -RRB- , Parton 's creativity is breathtaking , and her execution flawless . Two new originals prove that last year 's renewed burst of songwriting was no fluke.Fans of Parton 's pre-pop work will enjoy her continuing journey home . Bluegrass fans will appreciate the joyous dedication displayed by everyone involved . And those familiar only with the Hollywood Dolly have a new chance to hear the Country Hall of Fame artist in all her glory .
 From the opening strands of `` Traveling Prayer '' to the closing ones of `` I Am Ready , '' Dolly Parton 's remarkable bluegrass album `` The Grass is Blue '' is a work of rare beauty and remarkable grace.Those of you only familiar with Parton 's more commercial pop music are in for a pleasant shock , and those who have longed for a return to the country music that made her a real talent have finally gotten their wish . If any of you even think that you might like this album , you will . `` The Grass Is Blue '' might not be the huge commercial hit that has eluded Parton over the past few years , but it s a remarkable return to form and a fitting tribute to the music of her heritage . Those willing to listen will be richly blessed .
 I 've liked something from almost all of Dolly 's periods - hard country , soft country , pop , pop-rock , country-pop - but her early recordings of classics like `` Coat of Many Colors '' , `` Jolene '' , `` To Daddy '' and `` Travelling Man '' were among my very favorites . I was n't such a big fan of `` Hungry Again '' , but the reviewers of `` The Grass Is Blue '' were right on target . This is n't just rabid fans of a singer saying that anything she sings is great . This is a superb bluegrass/country album , reams better than anything on the radio now , and I 'm glad Dolly surrounded herself with the best players and pickers and went for broke . From the opening picking of `` Traveling Prayer '' you know you are in for all-out , pure bluegrass/country music , and Dolly 's singing is the best and the least mannered in years . I love `` Traveling Prayer '' , `` Cash on the barrelhead '' , `` Silver Dagger '' , and `` Sleep with one eye open '' -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , but the whole album is fine . Only the title cut seems a little below par to me , but with the rest of the album so far above par , who cares ? It 's a bit of a shame this is n't selling better than it is - this is fine , fine music .
 I wanted to check this CD out because I heard who was playing on the recording . An amazing line-up of Jerry Douglas , Sam Bush , Bryan Sutton , Stuart Duncan , Barry Bales and Jim Mills make up the core of this heavy hitting group with appearances by several other all-stars . I must admit my ignorance , that I was a bit skeptical whether I would be able stand Dolly 's singing . Boy , did I learn a lesson ! It took me about 5 seconds of hearing Dolly tearing through `` Travelin ' Prayer '' to know that this was going to be an amazing CD . I immediately bought it , and I 've listened to it 5 times in row . She sounds so awesome ! This recording is sure to unite some old and new country and bluegrass fans . I ca n't wait to tell my parents that I own a Dolly Parton CD !
 I heard some of this disc 's songs on a documentary and decided to give the album a try . What a pleasantly overwhelming surprise ! Dolly makes me want to whoop it up and ride trains ! Her voice is in stunningly fine form , and the musicianship of her band is truly top-notch . Who cares if you usually like bluegrass music or not ? Dolly Parton will force you into submission . I especially dig `` Cash On the Barrelhead , '' where Ms. Parton really lets her vocal chords stretch . To Dolly and everyone involved with this magnificent album , I say `` Hot dog ! ''
 `` The Grass is Blue '' is not just a return to Dolly 's roots , it indeed is the Finevest album of her 30 + year career . The songs are excellent , the musicianship superb , the singing top notch and it all adds up to a seamless collection that is a must , not only for bluegrass fans , but for anyone even remotely interested in American roots music .
 As most people are , I am a Dolly Parton fan . The only thing is , not of her music -LRB- until now . -RRB- Before buying this album the only songs I was familiar with by her were `` 9 to 5 '' and `` Islands In the Stream '' - and I have n't heard those songs in years . But , as I said , I am a fan of Dolly the person , and I kept reading such glowing reviews of this album I got curious . I am glad I did ! I usually do n't listen to country either , but that did not stop me from instantly taking a great liking to this album . I used `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' in the title of this review because that is my favorite song currently on the album , but the more I listen to it the more I notice so if you were to ask me in a week I may have picked another song . Dolly goes from the lovely upper ranges of her vocals to throaty lower registers and sounds like the legend she is throughout - never missing a beat . Backing her up is a fine band , and every song sounds like a juke box classic . Finally , as proven in the past -LRB- think `` I 'll Always Love You '' -RRB- , Dolly also proves to be an excellent songwriter on this album as well , and songs she has penned like `` Will He Be Waiting For Me '' and the title cut `` The Grass Is Blue '' fit right in with the classics she covers.If you 're a fan , this is a must have , and actually , if you 're like me and are n't sure but are curious , go ahead ! This is a great album .
 This is a wonderful CD ! Dolly is back to her roots and the Bluegrass suits her ! Dolly was meant to sing bluegrass . I highly recommend this CD .
 I bought this album a few months ago . I am a huge Dolly Fan and have 18 albums . The title track `` The Grass Is Blue '' is my favourite . The tracks all have wonderful themes and very strong lyrics . I think that more people should notice Dolly 's spectacular talent and take her music as seriously as she does . `` The Grass Is Blue '' is a must for Dolly fans . Dolly , You 're The Best !
 Who saw this album coming ? I sure did n't . It took me by surprise . This is perhaps one of her best albums , along with her current album Little Sparrow . This album is long overdue , a collection of soul stirring feel good bluegrass music . Dolly outdid herself with this one folks . From the opening track , a cover of Billy Joel 's Travelin ' Prayer , which will keep your feet stompin and your heart racing , to the closing I Am Ready , a song stripped to the bare bones , just Dolly 's beautiful vocals . There is something for everyone on this album . Dolly may have feared how her fans accepted this , but we welcomed it with open arms . She is doing things now that she could never do with RCA , Columbia or any major record label . She has this freedom , and she 's making some of the best music of her career . This is ESSENTIAL for fans of bluegrass , Dolly , or anyone curious . You will not regret it .
 There 's lots to say about this disk , and lots that 's already been said . Overall it is a really fine record ; the musicians on it are fabulous -- Sam Bush , Stuart Duncan , and the incomparable Jerry Douglas . I confess that Dolly has always sounded to me a little like one of the chipmunks , but on this disk more than any other I find her voice really compelling . What I want to focus on is one song on the disk -- Silver Dagger . I thought when I saw the list that no-one could cover Joan Baez 's version and have it work . I was wrong . Dolly 's singing is vibrant and exciting and nuanced , and the backing is great . The addition of instruments with each chorus moves from simplicity -LRB- banjo and rhythm mandolin -RRB- to a rich and varied texture of dobro , violin , and bass , to create a complexity of sound that fills the ear and the heart . Listen for the FIRST note from the bass -- with it suddenly the piece takes on a totally different dimension -- it 's a truly exciting musical moment .
 as a newgrass/bluegrass fan , i was totally blown away by this album . it seems that artists like bela and allison brown have tended to migrate away from the driving style of bluegrass , tending to more avante garde , but with artists like dolly , ricky skaggs , etc , it seems that we are entering a golden age of acoustic music . the rendition of collective soul 's `` shine '' is worth the price of this cd alone . i 've been collecting bluegrass for years now , and this one is among the best ever .
 Simply fantastic . Dolly brings some soul to bluegrass . Her voice is beyond compare and the band is flawless .
 What Dolly has given us here is pure magic . Even if you do not like Bluegrass music , this CD has so much more . Dolly 's angelic voice surpasses all and makes the music from this CD into pure joy . Just look around at the explosion of popularity that bluegrass/moutain music has taken . It is due to this truely remarkable album .
 One of the signs of a great artist is being able to do a cover better than the original and this original ai n't easy to beat . Travelin ' Prayer is on Billy Joel 's first album and I think Dolly 's version is even better . Grace Jones also mastered this feat with La vie en rose . The grass is blue is a very intricate and well-written love song . I 'd like to know if Bluegrass music inspired the song or if the line just came into Dolly 's head . I am ready is written by another Parton . Who could this be ? If you know , drop me a line ...
 I 'm no great fan of bluegrass or country , but this release intrigued me because - like many people , I suspect - I have a soft spot for Dolly . `` The Grass is Blue '' , though , really is as good as the other reviewers have said .
 this is an excellent album by an excellent artist singing songs from an excellent tradition ; a must have in any collection ; eos
 This is the BEST CD on EARTH ! I listen to it every day ! `` Travelin ' Prayer '' is too cool ! Thanks Dolly for such a superb record !
 I do n't particularly care for Bluegrass . But I like Dolly Parton . Check out this CD . It has some good ones on it like `` I Still Miss Someone '' , the haunting `` Silver Dagger '' , and the title song , `` The Grass Is Blue . '' -LRB- `` There 's snow in the tropics , there 's ice on the sun , it 's hot in the Arctic , and crying is fun , I 'm happy now , and I 'm glad were through , the sky is green and the Grass is Blue '' -RRB-
 i just did what i have to say is my opinion to he guys who plays thethe reviews you no if i was a singer i would n't want you to handle any of my music you do n't give a person anymore than a few words then cut it off for ten sec ` show is a person to no if he likes it 0r not i think you you should give us at least 30 seconds nobody would ry to record it if they cann ' t get it all thank you Dale Read
 This incredible collection works on so many levels - a glorious celebration of a wonderful music form - one of the very best voices you will ever hear taking these songs to great heights and the thought that Dolly herself is finally making an album of the music she was born to make.Every song practically leaps from the speakers ; such is the passion and fervor of all involved.Buy this cd , live with it a little and watch it become part of your life as it has mine .
 If you think bluegrass is beneath your dignity , or if you think Dolly Parton is just a down-home personality with a bust , then this album will open your eyes and ears to the truth . I have never in my life heard a country album so brilliantly done from start to finish . Not only does Dolly show herself an intelligent and sensitive musician with a powerful and versatile voice , but the other musicians assembled for this project wil startle you with their virtuosity and and their soul . This is not the cold , dry perfection of the bored studio musician , but perfection with heart and warmth . I think this was a project from the heart of every person involved . And by the way , four of the best songs -- well , they 're ALL best songs -- were written by Dolly herself , inluding the title track . This album will in the future be considered a classic . Buy it now !
 This Album includes the best country music in recent time . Dolly has created a true country album that breathes a breath of fresh air into bluegrass . When I played this CD I could not help but say `` wow '' . Do yourself a favor and purchase this country music masterpiece .
 If you asked anyone in the 80s if Dolly Parton would ever have trouble with commercial success in country music , they would have thought you were crazy . In the pop-infused early 80 's , Dolly Parton fit right in with every other Urban Cowboy inspired crossover country singer . The difference between Dolly and the rest of the pack was the roots . Dolly had her roots in soulful mountain music and we knew her for her simple style and honest lyrics back in the early days . Now Dolly Parton , one of the best known female icons in country music , is having trouble being played on the radio . Her crossover phase is over and Dolly is singing the music that makes her happy and cuts deep into the soul of every listener with her album , The Grass is Blue.The Grass is Blue incorporates some crossover success , but the opposite of 1980s country music . This album actually takes songs that have been successful in the pop realm and turns them into fundamentalist , traditional bluegrass . Dolly has replaced the electric guitars and synthesizers with the mandolin , fiddle and dobro . A standout on the album is Dolly 's remake of the 1990s pop hit `` Shine . '' The lyrics are the only recognizable remnant of the song and Dolly 's voice brings it to a whole new level . On another remake , Dolly sings Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer , '' making it sound as if it were written for a rowdy fiddler . Dolly touches the spiritual realm with the a cappella `` I 'm Ready , '' sounding like an angelic creation . Other standouts on the album include songs penned by Dolly herself , including `` Will He Be Waiting For Me , '' `` Steady as the Rain '' and the title cut , `` The Grass is Blue . '' The material on this album is excellent and is only worthy to be touched by bluegrass goddesses . Alison Kraus , Patti Loveless and other vocalist chime in with Dolly on this album.The Grass is Blue is truly the type of music Dolly Parton is made to make . Generations from now , songs like `` 9 to 5 '' will be remembered , if at all , as songs of 1980s . Songs from this collection can be listened to for generations to come and recognized as timeless treasures . With an artist like Dolly Parton , there is a huge music catalog to look at . Regardless of what she has recorded in the past and the popularity of her crossover singles , this album is one her best efforts to date . We can only hope that Dolly has some similar tricks up her sleeve .
 My ear for bluegrass having been recently attuned by Steve Earle 's great album w / the Del McCoury Band , `` The Mountain , '' I was intrigued by word on the grapevine that Dolly Parton had recorded a hard-driving , powerful bluegrass album . I have never paid her much mind -- but having heard this release I am ashamed of my preconceptions and now will lay down my life for her . `` The Grass Is Blue '' is riveting in every way
 Dolly Parton captures the best of bluegrass music with this album . Her vocal range , style , and the excellent musicians that accompany her combine to create one of the best bluegrass cd 's I 've heard . Her original songs are fresh and delightful to listen to . Her voice carries the range of these songs with excitement . I use it every morning during my brisk 2 mile walk .
 Bright and charming . I have n't heard Dolly in a while and it was a delight . Someone suggested this CD to me and I was reluctant but I am glad I bought it ! Dolly missed her calling when she did n't originally go into bluegrass - I ca n't say enough good about it . My husband & I were playing this CD while playing cards one evening and it had my husband & I both toe-tapping .
 As an avid bluegrass fan , this has to be one of the best bluegrass cd 's that has came out in a long time . I promise that the feeling behind such songs as `` Steady as the Rain '' and `` The Grass is Blue '' will have you feeling lonely for the beautiful Blue Ridge ! I love it !
 Dolly reaches out the bluegrass world and hauls in a huge win for herself and the rest of us . Why she did n't sing and stretch like these years ago is beyond me , but she soars along with the hot group of musicians and singers with her . I have been playing this CD for months since I got it and I ca n't seem to get enough . I would have loved to see her tour with this ensemble of musicians with her , but I think she only played in Nashville last January.Here 's to hoping she records more bluegrass , but until then I 'll give The Grass is Blue another spin .
 Flat out , I bought this record because I heard `` Train , Train '' on an NPR Bluegrass show and literally had to pull over to the side of the road and listen to Sam Bush 's mandolin playing . To my ears , he virtually reinvents the instrument , or at the very least brings it into the 21st century . The range of emotion he conveys through his virtuoso playing is incredible . He probably has the greatest technical mastery of the instrument of any player today . It turned out that this song , and indeed the playing in general , is just icing on a very wonderful cake . Dolly is here , in full-throated glory , belting originals , contemporaries and ancients as if they just always belonged together . Free from comercial concerns , Dolly returns to the roots of her craft and comes away with an album that is at once a brilliant showcase for her stunning range and expressiveness and a truly groundbreaking bluegrass album .
 This album is a must for anyone who even remotely enjoys bluegrass music . Dolly 's voice seems made for these arrangements and the band is the absolute cream of the crop . It is truly a classic in every respect .
 im a traditional country/bluegrass fan who doesnt know alot of dolly partons work . -- i bought this album on the recommendation of the folks at amzon.com and i cant stop playing it . the musicians are excellent as well as the backup singers -LRB- allison krauss -- excellent choice -RRB- -- and dolly parton has given me more respect for someone who just keeps going -- especially a woman singing bluegrss -- she just belts these songs out . -- everyone who 's driven in my car lately has asked about this album . there is nothing bad about it . buy it .
 I 'm 59 and have bought a few records , and this has to be one of the best ever made . There are no bad cuts . All the players are top notch and Dolly get every number just right . If you like bluegrass , you 'll have to like this one .
 The up-tempo Travellin ' Prayer opens the album with impressive picking & is followed by another fast-paced track , the classic Cash On The Barrelhead . The sad ballad A Few Old Memories has exceptionally beautiful harmony vocals and reminds me of the song Just Someone I Used To Know on the20 Greatest Hitsalbum with Porter Wagoner . The Grass is Blue is a brilliant album but not quite as mournful & spiritual as the Emmylou Harris bluegrass masterpieceRoses in the Snow.There are three laments in a row ; Steady As The Rain where Dolly does n't sound sad at all , I Still Miss Someone where she does , and her own composition Endless Stream of Tears . The spectacular instrumental arrangements on Train Train are executed with great virtuosity ; Bluegrass can not be amongst the easiest styles of music to play . Then follow three highlights
 For years , beginning in the late 70 's , Dolly Parton made music calculated to get her airplay on both country and pop radio . To do so required her to abandon the type of music and songs that first made her a country star and the result was , far more often than not , pleasant , but safe , unchallenging , and generally predictable . Her goals , however were achieved . She got ample airplay in boht formats , sold a lot of records and went Hollywood . Within a short period of time she was a household name.All of this did not make for great music . But in recent years as the ageism of radio has shown , she has been ignored , even by country radio which has become more and more youth obsessed concerned more with the right demographics than anything else . In a way , however , this is not a bad thing . Faced with this situation Dolly Parton has returned to making music that is interesting and this , her first bluegrass album ever , may just be the best she has ever made.The sound will break your heart , and will prove that Dolly Parton has all along had talent . She had just been hiding it behind safe music . That , and the result of this album , means that this says a lot more about the state of American popular culture then Dolly herself . Buy this and it will all make sense .
 This cd blew my mind the second i listened to it ! Dolly knows country like no other and this hould be a lesson to all those tired pop-country acts cramming the airwaves
 I purchased this CD on a whim , and it is probably the smartest move I 've made all year . What a stunning collection ! Every song is a treat , but I have to single out Dolly 's own compositions
 Dolly Parton , you 've done it again ! Continue to give us your best . Your adoring fan , Sergio .
 I 've been one of Dolly 's fans for years , even when I was in the Military , I would go to see her in concert every time I could . Sincerly Yours , Terry Sweeney , from Long Beach , CA
 I have never listened to bluegrass music , but have listened to Dolly Parton . I thought , why not give this a try . THIS ALBUM IS TRULY AWESOME . It 's the bomb . I love it .
 This is the my favorite album of 1998 !! I finally found this album in Montreal -LRB- where , I believe she is based -RRB- Anyway , it was a really difficult album to track down until of course , the lilith fair explosion ! This album is precious . It takes you to a different land and makes you feel as though you 've just gone on a warm sunny trip two borders south . While the entire album is EXCEPTIONAL , I 'd have to say , ` los peces ' is especially wonderful . A great album to listen to in the dead of winter when the snow starts to fly .
 I often buy Cd 's w/o hearing them first , sometimes good luck , sometimes bad . I love foreign language music , and after reading all the Amazon reviews on Lhasa , I ordered it . You 're right ! She 's wonderful . I was hooked by the first verse of the first song . I can see it will be addictive . Thanks !
 I jumped right out of my seat the first time I heard this spirited and often sultry music on CBC radio ! Ballads to dancing music , Lhasa and her band can do it with a with much gusto and soul . I think she is very hot and a true original ! My favourite of 1998 .
 I have not been as lucky as some of her other listeners to hear her album , but I listened to a Female Latina complilation album which I purchased after hearing the 3rd Track . The voice sent shivers down my spine and tingles all down my left side . That type of voice has no description in the physical world , it is purely spiritual . I hope these words reach their author in some form as to provide recognition of the path of what must be a beautiful soul . I now crave to hear more of Lhasa'a music and to find out her whereabouts so that I may ask the universe to align the stars so that I may see her perform live in this life .
 too many of these reviews miss out on the originality of the fusion , a counterpoint in styles , sultry cabaret voice with klezmer/ranchera instrumentals , the type of album you can listen to repeatedly without tiring , influnced by cowboy junkies rather than Chavela Vargas
 I was really surprised by the range that Lhasa achieves in her singing . This album is enchanting and has quickly become one my favorites !
 Great album . . new melodies , new sounds and lhasa has a voice that I like a lot . Her new album is out in France and is as good as the first one with some songs in french and in english , the same voice , the same presence .
 She mixes wit h the soul of the earth and sky . She gave everything that she has to offer when she made this . She fuses her sound to the heart of the living road .
 She does n't have a beautiful voice , but what she does with it is incredible . Almost never heard so much emotion in a song , without getting sentimental . A bit like Chavela Vargas , but better -LRB- IMHO -RRB- . Also the jewish influences give an original touch to her music . Not a CD to play when in company , but to enjoy in silence and get touched .
 Since many music genres , among them the `` Latin American '' traditions from which Lhasa draws inspiration , use a limited aural palette and philosophy as a starting-point for individual compositions , I think it unfair to criticize Lhasa for her lyrical and aural restrictions . I would rather hear her and her band express themselves well using a limited repetoire than to barely-adequately play a dozen styles . That 's called `` the eclectic approach '' , and it 's been far too hyped lately .
 This is a CD that is hard to categorize , but do n't let that discourage you . It is simply one of the best CDs of the 1990s . It sort of sounds like what you 'd get if you put together Mexican folk music with a dose of Tom Waits and touch of vaudeville and Gypsy music . She 's got a wonderful voice , and there is n't a bad track on the CD . It is simply wonderful . Hopefully , she 'll have a followup one of these days .
 WOW ! You dont run into too many albums this complete from 1st track to the last . the sparse instamentation and productioin are such the canvas for Lhasa to paint her musical/vocal paintings you hear and feel such passion , fire , hunger , distain , in her voice it pulls you in and you cant help it . a nod to her collaborator Yves Desrosiers-what a fantastic musicain on a level few others achieve - playing multiple instraments with such a deft touch and a knowledge of where there place should be in the overall mix of the songs . STUNNING Highly reccomend to lovers of all music world music or not , this is a top album for all time .
 Imagine you are on vacation in Mexico or Central America . You are lucky enough to happen into a local venue with musicians so talented , it pains you that music this passionate can only be experienced in countries that are so poor . Lhasa has recorded this music and Amazon has made it available . If you relate to my description , buy this album . I have to buy it a third time , as I keep giving the album away .
 My partner and I heard bits of this album in a little shop called Rhubarb Crumble in Leamington Spa , Warwickshire , England and immediately went out and bought it . I had to order it , as it is not on general release in the UK . It 's permanently in the car and we just smile as the moods are conjured in our minds . Who needs to understand words when you get emotions like this ?!
 Well , how can one put into words what is beyond words ? I first saw her on TV . I was astonished by the primordial force of the singing , it was a soul transformed in sound . Then I found the CD . Listening without seeing was an even stronger experience
 After hearing this album for less than a week at my sisters , Lhasa came to Victoria for a small folk festival in the inner harbour . It was incredible the music was so ... beautiful . The relationship between her vocals and Yves 's incredible playing kept my yearning for more , as I still am . What happened to Lhasa ? If you are looking for a feel good album with incredible songs that keep you asking , why ca n't all music be so good . Check this one out . -LRB- 6 stars -RRB-
 This album is phenomenal . I do n't even know how to count to 10 in Spanish and I was so moved by the music . . I am buying more for friends and sending copies to my family in New Zealand ... the whole world should hear this ...
 No hay cantante como Lhasa . No hay m&uacute;sico como DesRosiers . Simplemente es una combinaci&oacute;n extraordinaria . Lo que ella canta es llanto , es poes&iacute;a , es obscuridad , es luz ...
 Intensa y misteriosa . Arreglos magnificos para una voz llena de personalidad y riqueza cromatica . Esta chava llegara a sentarse al lado de Evora y Susana Baca . Compre el CD , una botella de vino y repletese de nostalgia ...
 This is one of the most musically inventive discs I have ever heard . This is one of the few titles that really successfully fuses different styles of music . Lhasa has a wonderful voice , and the arrangements and musicianship that surround her are nothing short of impeccable.I would also like to add that this is the one of the best recorded albums I own . When shopping for a speakers , this was one of the discs I always used as a reference .
 Lhasa 's voice is simply haunting . I can not find any other way to describe it . Her interpretation , although I would say it sounds extremely personal , it is so emotional that it reaches way beyond her inner sanctum into the ears of any listener . The lack of major musical arrangements allows her voice to be heard , in every breath . I can only compare her to Lila Dows in terms of her delivery . This album is a must have for any serious collector of world music , and if you do n't have any of Lila Downs , I suggest you get hers too .
 Nice & strong vocals ... Hard feeling music ... You can stand a lot more than the usual mexican bolero songs ... I can help hearing some hard feeling music as on that O.S.T. Underground ... I you like Underground , you 'd like Lhasa de Sela ...
 Los Peces is my 2 year-old son 's favorite song - when we play it on our living room stereo -LRB- very often -RRB- I can see Lhasa in our living room singing it to him , flirting and teasing and increasing the already huge smile on his face . I 've never known an artist to come alive so well in recording . It would be incredible to see her live - with that kind of presence on the stereo , I can only imagine how she would be in person !
 Lhasa has so much to say , and that is shown in the passionate way she sings all of her songs . Her music , simple and well played , is simply wonderful . If you like the style or still wonder why she won Amazon 's best for 1998 , buy it and enjoy ! It 's so different from all the songs , copied one on another , that we hear on the radio , that 's what I would call complete passion , I love it !
 Great music , very unconventional . If I need to feel relaxed and get rid of stress she does it for me .
 Saw Lhasa performed at The Lilly Fair and inmediately loved her ! Her music has not boundaries ... infinite and her voice is just quite beautiful ... almost perfect ... Stop looking ! Lhasa is just too good !
 The poetry , the originality of the music and the orchestration , the personalization by Lhasa , the blend of Latin , Jewish -LRB- ! -RRB- , and other ethnic strains is genius . This is not `` world '' music , though -- it 's Latin . A plus
 This is it . The best , most heartfelt debut I 've heard in a long , long while . Lhasa sings of love , rejection , defiance , vanity , birds in the desert , the fish in the river , the tree of forgetfulness , all with a voice that is now sweet as desire , now wrenching as a lover 's scorn . The music reminds me alternately of fado , klezmer , cabaret and Kurt Weill . And the girl is only 25 . One can only wait with bated breath and hope it wo n't be too long before the second album appears . Meanwhile , I 'll try not to wear out this CD !
 ONE FROM CANADA WHO HEARD THIS BEAUTIFUL SOUND A LA LILITH FAIR AND CAN NOT PUT IT DOWN ! I 'M IN LOVE !!
 Ever since I bought it I ca n't stop listening.Haunting lyrics , beautiful poetry , soothing music with full band , including accordian horns flutes percussion , etc. . Unique voice reminds me of Tanita Tikaram in Spanish . I have purchased 4 copies !!! Everyone 's getting this for xmas !
 I found Lhasa 's `` La Llorona '' CD in a little shop in Toronto , Canada . At first the music seem dissonant , it had the make-up of music I knew from my childhood but yet it sounded like nothing I had ever heard before . It took me a while to train my ear to the melody but once I did ... oh , what sounds.I like to sit in the dark , to hear it on rainy days , to appreciate it when I 'm not rushed . Then it brings a recollection of past memories , of lived lives . It is as if Lhasa was singing to my inner-self and releasing someting ... the world!She sings with the soul of someone who has been searching the world over for love , truth , beauty , peace ... `` Por que el alma prende fuego cuando deja de amar '' -LRB- because the soul sets itself on fire when it ceases to love -RRB- . I hope you enjoy Lhasa 's music , mysterious music as much as I have .
 Lhasa 's music : Her music crosses language/race boundaries . As a person who bond very strongly with female singers -LRB- eg . Kate Bush , Billie Holiday , Cesaria Evora -RRB- , Lhasa 's music speaks to me as if she is a close female friend , sister or mother.Amazing , intriguing voice . Simple yet dramatic ; dramatic yet uncontrived.her velvet resonance and the beauty of the songs will slip unnotice past your defenses and touch the private self.I heard only about 30 seconds of the song `` de cara a la pared -LRB- Face to the Wall -RRB- '' on the show `` Due South '' , but that was enough to make me determine to track down singer and song . I managed to do so on the net . And to my amazement , I found `` La Llorona '' in Singapore 's HMV ...
 I am french and I had the unique chance to see Lhasa in a very small concert-room . Certainly one of the best moment in my life . Full of emotion , full of serenity . La llorona -LRB- that means the crier and is Lhasa 's nickname -RRB- is a very pure moment of musical enjoyement . Her voice seems to come from nowhere but gives an astonishing atmosphere . If you want to spend a very very emotional moment , get the CD , it 's a very good investissment . Special greatings to Yves Desrosiers , guitarist and arranger . One of the best ones , I can swear . My life has really changed since I 've heard this voice , so do the same and enjoy !!
 Funny , i had no idea about this album nor the artist . . My mother was in Istanbul airport waiting to board the plane for New York and she was just strolling about in the last minute newspaper/souvenir stores.The music playing in the shop got her attention and she asked the owner at the cash register if she could purchase the cd . The store owner agreed and took it out of his CD player and gave it to her half price since it was used . -LRB- At least he included the outer cover and the booklet inside -RRB- . I first listened to the album while i was chatting late night on the computer with my friends . I was n't paying much attention to the lyrics or the songs , it was just intended to be background music.I finished the whole cd , i was still chatting , and i wanted to listen it again . I did n't understand the lyrics , but it sounded sad . I felt bad , it made me think that De Sela came from poverty and an unhappy childhood , i thought of South American kids running around in narrow streets . . I realized that i really loved these songs , i do n't know what the lyrics are about , it just sounds that there is some pain and love in these songs . . In the 5th song `` El Payande '' it sounds like she is defying somebody/something and then gives in . And then the next song starts playing , it made me recall a summer in Barcelona . . Gaudi , colors , late nights a touch of Picasso somewhat Don Quixote ... This cd is for people who are looking for a piece of imaginitive music , not intended to listen in the car or whilst jogging . .
 With the recent release of Lhasa 's new album , I thought I 'd take a moment to say how much I 've loved this one . I happened upon it in a Borders listening station . It was during the brief flash of public interest in Cuban music , and I guess somebody thought it fitted the mood . Well , bless them for thinking so , for I otherwise would never have heard it.I was pretty well sold by the first track . I had never heard such a `` rainy '' song - it is held together with the rhythm of rain and water , and Lhasa 's voice was instantly enrapturing , like , as -LRB- I think -RRB- Susan Power wrote , `` liquid sorrow beaded on her vocal cords . '' -LRB- She said that of Patsy Cline , but the impression is the same . -RRB- Thank goodness for the bilingual liner notes - my four years of high school Spanish helped me catch the occasional phrase , but these lyrics are too good to be misunderstood
 Las canci&oacute;nes `` El Desierto '' y `` Por Eso Me Quedo '' estan entre las mejores escritas . Las letras son muy profundas , y la musica te hace meditar , se crea a un ambiente sobrenatural . La voz de esa mujer esta casi llorando por todo el disco , y la musica es lenta pero poderosa . Les recomiendo este disco si estan aburridos con lo normal
 I just saw this woman live and she 's amazing !!!! The songs come alive when you hear them ! It 's hard to put into words the state that her music and lyrics put you in . But trust me it 's a good place!Please check her music out if you 're into heartfelt music .
 How a young female singer from Quebec -LRB- with mexican parents I believe -RRB- could do a so powerful album ! This album must be know around the world . You 'll love this CD at the first second you listen to it ... maybe 2 ou 3 , but no more ! The music is so good , it makes you sing or dance ! Lhasa has only one album now , but she 's working on an other actually . Do n't miss it , do n't pass beside this one , it would be a mistake .
 In an age when so many Idols-type generic voices are allowed to record their `` interpretations '' of up-till-now immortal songs , this is a breath of fresh air . Strong melodies , almost all of them new , with striking arrangements . A completely original sound and you do n't have to understand a word of Spanish to know what it 's all about . My only problem is
 it 's truly amazing how good this album is . lhasa de sela is as creative and powerful as pj harvey . the sound is new , sometimes crazy , but always melodic and fulfilling . i am floored .
 I own over 800 CD 's and this is my first review on line . This haunting performance showers you with romance and poetry ; she holds your heart and reshapes it with lasting passion . Thank you Ms. De Sela
 Less than a year ago I saw maybe a 30 sec . of one of her songs on MuchMusic , and I was ... amased . I remembered her name , and soon I saw her perform live in Toronto on two occasions . MAGIC !!! I picked up a copy of her CD , and it 's one of my favourite albums EVER . Beautiful !!! I 'm allways on the lookout for interesting artists , being one myself , and I 've been involved in the music industry for a long time working in a recording studio . I ca n't tell you `` Buy This '' because I think it is great-that 's a personal opinion . But I can tell you `` Buy this '' because I like it and so will you , and anyone else you play it to . And if you ever have a chance to see her perform live , DO IT . It was the most intimate performance I ever saw artist deliver on stage . And her band shines with her .
 If it 's something melodic and hypnotizing that your looking for than look no further because you 've found it . Not only is this entire C.D. beautiful it 's haunting and will stay in you for months each time you hear it . It 's quite Remarkable .
 Este Cd ha sido mi sorpresa del a & ntilde ; o 2006 Puede ser un CD de m&uacute;sica mejicana una obra maestra ??? . Si la respuesta es YES , entonces La Llorona = `` Obra maestra '' . Lhasa no tiene una voz de las que podr&iacute;amos calificar de `` bonita '' , pero s&iacute; que es carism&aacute;tica y tremendamente expresiva . Si a ello a & ntilde ; adimos que las canciones presentan unas letras originales , con sentido y mensaje , unos ritmos que se meten en tu sangre y te acompa & ntilde ; an all&aacute; adonde vayas , unos arreglos musicales `` teatrales '' en el mejor sentido del t&eacute;rmino y unos instrumentos musicales irreprochablemente bien tocados , el resultado dificilmente puede mejorarse . No tengo ni idea si Lhasa est&aacute; arriba o abajo en el raking de las cantantes superventas . Pero si es lo primero ... es l&oacute;gico , y si es lo segundo ... esperemos que tarde o temprano , LHASA , se haga justicia con tu forma de enteder la m&uacute;sica .
 Lhasa De Sela 's `` La Llorona '' is a beautiful-haunting CD . Songs about love and loss . One feels that they are participating in her private world -- very passionate and moving .
 The first time I heard this album the hairs on my arms stood up . I mean this as the highest compliment . This is an exciting album !
 i 've owned this cd for years , and it keeps returning to my now playing selection . its wonderful to listen to in the morning as i 'm waking up , while i 'm reading , or just feeling extremely lazy . i highly recommend it .
 For all the world music fans out there or all fans of good music , period , this album is a must . The lyrics roll of Lhasa 's tongue and her throaty voice literally hums along to the beautiful arrangment of traditional and original songs and ballads . One of my mexican friends was very impressed with this album and has since bought it . Perfect for a candle-lit supper , a pick-me-up on a rainy day or just when you 're in the mood for great Spanish-inspired music .
 I gave this cd to my friend for christmas & this is what she emailed to me
 Thanks to amazon.com I found this record . It is one of the rare records you can play over and over without boring . Only this fact merits five stars . It sometimes reminds me to Haris Alexiou -LRB- greek female artist -RRB- . I recommend this CD to anyone who is searching for an intriguing sound not influenced by marketing . I can not describe , just listen , and you 'll know what I mean .
 Esta genial este compact . . Sin tener conocimiento previo del grupo nadie pudiera adivinar la nacionalidad de los artistas . . tiene obvias influencias espa & ntilde ; olas pero a la vez un son latino y un giro primermundista en su filosofia . Resulta que es una Judia-Mexicana-Americana-Canadiense . . indescribible su musica , utiliza lluvia , guitarra , y mil sonidos para expresarse .
 Lahasa , your music touches me in places which needed dusting . your gift reminds me i have a heart , skin , teeth , beauty . thank you . thank you . thank you .
 The only reason I am giving this CD 4 stars instead of 5 , is because it is too short ! Lhasa 's voice is sultry , sad and powerful . The music is haunting yet airy . Perfection !
 Lhasa 's Father is my spainsh teacher at tamarac high school he often palys her music before class begins I did n't know she was this popular until I read the reveiws she is a very talented musicain
 This CD is amazing . Lhasa and her band demonstrate top musicianship combined with abundant passion . If you are a music fan with a large collection and taste of music , you must add this CD to your collection . It will be among your top 10 favorites . And that goes for music fans with modest CD collections too ! And if you get a chance to see them perform live they are even better . I saw her last year in Montreal . Wow !
 Una noche fria en Manhattan , me puse a dar vueltas entre los estantes de Tower Records , deteniendome en algunos CD 's que quiero comprar , pero hasta ahora no me hab&iacute;a decidido . Basto a que escuchara la primera cancion de Lhasa , una artista que ni sabia bien su nacionalidad y me cautivo . Lo recomiendo .
 After hearing a track by Lhasa on the Lilith Fair CD we searched everywhere to find more of this terrific sound . Unfortunately , no one we spoke to had ever heard of this artist ! We were elated when we found out they had finally released a CD . Lhasa 's music is original , distinctly recognizable , and adictive .
 Even without understanding the meaning of the words -LRB- the texts are in Spanish -RRB- you get hooked by the melodies , a kind of jazzy folk , and above all the voice which expresses the deep emotions contained in the songs . Fortunately the texts are translated in English in the CD-box
 I heard some of Lhasa 's songs on FIP , googled the lyrics and found her videos on Youtube.Good music is still created in North America , but it 's not easy to discover it . I just wished it would have happened sooner , when she was still among us and giving amazing live performances .
 I recently heard this tape being played in a shop abroad , and immediately enquired what it was and ordered it from Amazon the moment I returned home . The music is very different and extremely haunting . I have played the tape non-stop and it is perfect background music as it does not disturb ones thoughts at all . I have played it while writing my Christmas cards , and will most certainly look at the other tapes made by Lhana who has a most unusual voice.The rhythm is wonderful and I 'm sure would make good party music . Do not be put off by the rather spooky cover painting !!
 I 'm not even going to write much more . I received this as a birthday present for my 18th birthday . That was 13 years ago . I have not put down this cd since . Sure , I listen to a lot of other music but this remains and will remain and absolute favorite until I 'm no longer able to listen to music ! Check out Sarah Blasko , too .
 Growing up on the border in South Texas and traveling through much of Mexico over the yeras , this recording brought back a lot of memories through De Sela 's Rachera style . The added bonus was the eastern European influence which I was n't familiar with but enjoyed very much once I heard it.To use an overused word , her music is haunting and unique and because of this I relate her to another one of a kind singer in her own right , Enya .
 There 's not one song I dislike . Every time I listen to this CD , I never skip songs and it never gets boring . I ca n't believe it took me this long to review this cd . Lhasa has the most amazing voice . I went to see her live and even though it was only her and two musicians I think , well , she commanded the attention of the audience . I get chills when I listen to this cd . One of my all time favorite CDs !!!
 I ca n't get enough of this woman 's music ! I shout More , More , More !
 After reading all the rave reviews for the past few years I decided to break down and get this CD . The art cover closed the deal . I was even more impressed to find out she did it . Where to begin describing something so unique and different ? There is only one Lhasa de Sala , there is no mold so they 'll be no copies . The only voices I 've heard that remind me of hers are Linda Ronstandt on her excursions into Espanol and Edith Piaf . Listen to the opening track , `` De Cara a la Pared '' as she hauntingly invites you into her own cabaret , joining in as though her voice is a violin , softly , seductively enticing the listener entry into her world . The comparisons to the two above mentioned artists stop there and really do no justice to her brand of music created with Yves Desprosiers . This is really a collaboration as Desprosiers pens many of the songs with her and plays no less than eight instruments ! He also is the producer . Of course the focus is the voice of Lhasa but the guitar and acordian work Desporsiers lend to the CD give it the sidewalk cafe sound . It is not just her vocals and the beautiful arrangements but the cutting lyrics that stand on their strength alone . Although the songs are all entirely in Spanish a non-Spanish speaker can understand the songs because the booklet is bilingual . To say that Lhasa 's songs lament would be an understatement , the pain comes out in her voice even if you do n't understand Spanish . There is a mysterious quality to the songs , a spiritual quality , music from deep within her soul , La Llorona cries out . I like to say which songs I particularly like but all the songs are strong and stand out with individual characteristics . If I had to pick one song it would be `` Los Peces '' because of it 's theme , The Virgin Mary , and the simple poetic lyrics she so eloquently demonstrates . The CD is a triumph for a first effort and will probably be hard to match . Although considering the talent and her last words in her acknowledgments , `` Viva La Evolucion '' , she probably will make another stunning piece of music . If you like Gypsyesque-Spanish music tinged with folkloric Argentinian and Mexican melodies , soulful interplay into categories undefined but refreshingly fresh , this is a CD for you . I suspect Lhasa has much more to say and those that heard this CD will be waiting for her sophmore effort . I should have bought it long ago .
 Some of Lhasa 's songs on `` La Llorona '' sound like they could have come from a Parisian -LRB- or Montr&eacute;al -RRB- bistro as easily as from Mexico . Some songs feature accordion and klezmer . Lhasa de Sela is a Mexican-American who lived in Montr&eacute;al until recently . She grew up travelling across Mexico and the United States in a schoolbus . `` La Llorona '' -LRB- the Wailing Woman -RRB- is the name of a legendary Mexican woman who threw her children into the river in her anger and jealousy . The villagers found her dead as well the next morning , and her ghost continued to roam the earth , wailing for her lost children . That title is appropriate enough for this splendid , unexpected collection of songs -LRB- only three are not original -RRB- . Lhasa 's voice is haunting , much like the mythical wail of `` La Llorona . '' There is an urgency and passion in her singing . My favourite song has to be `` De cara a la pared , '' a haunting waltz with unusual sound effects -LRB- rain , splashing , musical saw -RRB- . I heard Lhasa for the first time on the Canadian TV series Due South , which actually introduced me to a host of lesser-known Canadian talent . I fell in love with the songs and rushed out to buy `` La Llorona . `` This is my absolute favourite Spanish-language CD in my collection . It is mysterious , uplifting , joyful , and energetic , like Mexico itself . If you 're looking for something uniquely Mexican in flavour , something mysterious , passionate and soulful , or simply a change from the ordinary , look no further than Lhasa de Sela 's `` La Llorona . ''
 I never waste my time writing reviews , but this is well worth it . Lhasa de Sella not only has talent , but also the insight to make it flourish in meaningful ways . When I hear her , I can not but wonder why mediocre pop artists make it to the top of the charts in both Spanish and English and she remains practically unknown.Esta muchacha tiene carisma , tiene talento y en su arte hay profundidad . Sin lugar a dudas , vale la pena no solo oir su m&uacute;sica , sino tambi&eacute;n vibrar con ella , comprenderla como se comprende a un amigo . Lo &uacute;nico que lamento es que la mediocridad reine en los medios hispanos de Estados Unidos y otras partes del mundo y que no se transmita en ellos esta voz melodiosa que me tiene a mi a mis amigos bailando de regocijo .
 The music on the album is astoundingly beautiful and heartbreaking . Lhasa 's voice is filled with emotion . She 's really pouring out her heart and soul into these songs . She sings poetry . She sings of pain , tragedy , love , and hunger . And her words are not words that can be wasted . They are precious words that speak of human truths . In a way , they are very raw ... beautiful but raw ... like her voice .
 With the disastours state of popular music , one must dig a little deeper to unearth original , vital music . Such a find is the miraculous Llasha CD . Seamless in production , songwritting and musical arrangement this CD is one of the finest put out in the last couple of years . I 'm looking forward to a new release from this amazingly talented woman -- who , by the way also painted the picture used for the album cover !
 I heard Lhasa de Sela last June in San Francisco at the Lilith Festival . Although I myself am a struggling musician with my own CD 's to sell , I was enthusiastic enough to want to buy several copies of La Llorona . Unfortunately it was n't availabe in the US , and over the past several months I had searched for a copy to no avail . I was given the CD last week and have listened to it non-stop since.Lhasa and her band are obviously deeply steeped in the traditional music of Mexico , Argentina , Spain and Central Europe . But she has an authentic and original voice that is able to transform those influences into something truly original and transcendent . When you hear her voice and melodies , you know she speaks the truth . She sings like a woman of passion who has no place in her life for cynicism or boredom.Luckily she has a band that knows exactly how to support her vision . The music balances on a strange edge between the haunted loneliness of flamenco and and the topsy-terviness of a small-time circus band.I will be buying several copies of this CD .
 I 've been listening to Lhasa De Sela all summer in the bistro where I wash dishes . Every time it plays Life seems to become more poignant . I can feel the clients en-Joying their food just that much more , we are all trance-ported to the rythmns of this exotic and hauntingly beautiful music.I finally borrowed it to make a tape for myself . I was surprised to realise the singing is in Spanish . The music is just that international that the actual language is of the Heart!I have one critisism : it is very hard to read the liner notes penned by Lhasa De Sela.I 'm glad that I 've been able to order it as a gift for my father who has introduced me to great music all my life ; I 'm able to give him something to stir his soul ! Thank you Amazon!I also appreciate learning more about this artist here . It will add just that much depth to what I can only describe as magically moving music ; check this out !
 This is a masterpiece . Lhasa has a unique and powerful voice - flexible , sexy , and captivating . So subtle in its beauty , it will make you tremble . And the laments will crush your heart . I am not fluent in Spanish , but the music totally gets inside your skin . Beautiful arrangements , beautiful melodies , beautiful voice . It can only make your life better .
 I like this album so much I 've bought it three times . She 's one of the living greats , along with Cesaria Evora , Susana Bacca , Clare Fader , Mary Coughlan , Omara Portundo . I keep waiting for her next album .
 What a pleasant find ... I was sampling music here on Amazon and on a whim looked up `` La Llorona '' ... the title reminded me of `` lluvia '' and rain is always one of my favorite themes and this CD does not disappoint . The vocals weave a dreamy and yet gutsy thread throughout this very elegant work . The music is beautifully simple ... lulling and almost mesmerizing . I find that on the mountain road portion of my drive home it suspends time and I sense the music keeping rhythm with the curving road . Lhasa has a very seductive voice ... she reminds me a little of early Sade but in a simpler -LRB- and more passionate -RRB- way . There is really nothing musically dramatic going on in this CD , but the lack of drama is more than compensated for by the often scorching vocals , excellent pacing and slow burn of this CD . The rain indeed ... Lhasa presents her music like a soft yet endless , steady autumn rain . One can almost imagine listening to this music as rain falling on a roof ... now softer , now growing in intensity , never really a downpour but always soothing and refreshing . This has become one of my favorites ... one of those CDs I 'll put on when I want to relax , be close or drift off .
 These are really wonderful performances of Beethoven 's first two -LRB- published -RRB- piano concertos , performed by Alexis Weissenberg and the Berlin Philharmonic under Herbert von Karajan . The recordings were originally published by EMI , this CD looks to be produced under some kind of license.The first two piano concertos are early Beethoven -- and especially the second , which was written almost 10 years before the first . Like Beethoven 's symphonies , his piano concertos also started off less Beethovenesque -- more of a soothing , lyrical , even pastoral feel than the excitement that would come later . These works still have a lot more Mozart and Haydn influence than his later works , after he grew into his own distinctive voice . While the drama and more striking themes really start to take hold with the third piano concerto , these earlier works have a lot going for them and deserve to be heard more often.The second concerto was a piece that Beethoven took around Vienna to establish himself as a virtuoso pianist , which is how he made his living early on . Beethoven himself said of the second concerto that it was `` not one of his best '' , but I still find it a great piece of music -- just more Classical than Romantic , somewhat lacking that characteristic Beethoven boldness.The recordings are from September 1977 . Weissenberg recorded Piano Concertos No. 4 and 5 with Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic in 1974 , and then they completed the cycle in 1977 . Weissenberg was really one of the great pianists of the 20th century , and was thrust into the limelight -- such as it was , since he never really seems to have pursued piano superstardom -- by his association with Karajan.The only negative I find on these recordings is that sometimes the piano seems just a bit buried in the mix . I 'm not sure if this is due to Weissenberg just playing very softly , poor microphoning , or a conscious mixing decision , but there were times when I wished they had brought the piano out just a little bit more.But despite that bit of nitpicking , these are great recordings and highly recommended .
 Soul Flower makes greatest music i ` ve ever heard.Its happy sound just grabs me ...
 This music CD went along fairly well with the action and theme seen in the show , Bubble Gum Crisis . I guess that kind of figures , as it 's the sound track for the show , but it was very good . I 'm not a music critic , but that is my opinion . If you were a fan of the show , this CD is a must-have .
 This is an excellent soundtrack , although not quite as good as the soundtracks for vol.2-5 , or vol .7 . `` Konyawa Hurricane '' -LRB- Hurricane Tonight -RRB- and `` Kodoku no Angel '' -LRB- Angel of Loneliness -RRB- are the two main vocal songs and are excellent . Also included is `` Remember '' -LRB- an idol song , which is melecholy but good -RRB- and `` Mr.Dandy '' -LRB- which I do n't particularly care for -RRB- . The rest are background tracks.Fans of the show , will definitely want to have this CD .
 WCMC has done an excellent job in ministering God 's word on this cd . I especially enjoy the song entitled `` In the Midst of My Trials '' . I 've been listening to the WCMC for the last 20 years and they just get better each time .
 One of my favorites of all time . My dad had this recording on LP . I was looking for one of the songs on this recording and found the CD on Amazon . Then it hit me ! This CD had so many favorites that words can not express . Rev. Ernest Davis Jr. was such a blessing to the gospel industry during his lifetime , and we have awesome music to experience all these years later .
 Wilmington Chester Mass Choir is incredible . I highly recommend this inspirational gospel choir CD . I especially love the song `` Holy , Holy , Holy '' , it alone is worth the price of the CD . You can realyy `` feel '' the Lord when you hear thier music , and you know they mean every word and note of it . Thank you Amazon.com for featuring this CD , I had a hard time finding it anywhere else .
 Having first heard this recording over 25 years ago , it is as exciting today as then . Prisoner of Love is done in such a way as to capture all of the emotions one can muster . It Is A Man 's World shows both joy and pain that is felt when one truly loves someone.This is a collection of music to listen to with a loved one in front of the fireplace or alone reflecting .
 I have the original album from 1967 when my brother went to Viet nam . He wanted me to take care of his album collection & this James Brown album was his favorite . He came back from Viet Nam & gave me this album because I ended up loving it too . Because I played it sooo much , I actually wore it out . I recently purchased the CDas an import for $ 80.00 , but to me , it was worth it . You will enjoy this CD . Every song is great . My favorites are `` Bewildered '' & `` Prisoner Of love '' . Buy this CD , This is when the Godfather of Soul was in his prime .
 I recently viewed this tape at my school library . I was amazed to see the good picture quality and great sound . The only let down was that I felt the video is too short in length . Nevertheless , it 's Louis Armstrong along with other great players like Trummy Young and Billy Kyle . The songs are awesome to hear but it is even better to see Louis and his band play them . A must for Armstrong fans !!!! It is NOT a documentary , it is strictly Louis Armstrong at his best singing the songs we have come to love so much . A great video and I highly recommend it .
 Louis is the man ... What more can be said ? ...
 So , what I 've always wanted was a clean digitally remastered version of `` Pom Pom Play Girl '' in MONO ! The stereo is rechanneled with Carl singing on one channel and the guys singing on the other ! The Mono `` FUN , Fun , Fun is also a `` Must Have '' in Mono to get the full benefit of Brian 's Vocal . The music and vocals are very clean on this CD . The gatefold packaging is a bit weak without any details on the songs but still an overwhelming experience for anyone who enjoys surf music .
 SHUT DOWN , VOLUME 2 was The Beach Boys ' fifth album , released on Capitol in early 1964 , around the time that The Beatles arrived in America . There was never a SHUT DOWN , VOLUME 1 ; in late 1963 , Capitol Records released aShut Downalbum , which contained two Beach Boys songs -LRB- the title track and `` 409 '' -RRB- , but was a various-artists compilation of hot-rod music . Toshiba-EMI just released it on CD in Japan . The SHUT DOWN album went Top Ten , and this annoyed The Beach Boys no end , as they felt that they were being exploited . After releasing their own collection of hot-rod music -LRB- Little Deuce Coupe -LRB- Mono & Stereo Remasters -RRB- -RRB- in late 1963 , SHUT DOWN , VOLUME 2 was the follow-up . Originally released as a `` two-fer '' -LRB- Surfer Girl/Shut Down , Vol . 2 -RRB- in 1990 , 1997 -LRB- Canadian import -RRB- and 2001 -LRB- remastered -RRB- , and as anindividual stereo CDin 1994 , the 2012 edition of SHUT DOWN , VOLUME 2 contains both the mono and stereo mixes of the album . It is an excellent set , with classics such as `` Fun , Fun , Fun , '' `` Do n't Worry Baby , '' `` The Warmth Of The Sun , '' `` Why Do Fools Fall In Love , '' and many others . The only drawback is that only the mono mix of `` Denny 's Drums '' appears . Evidently , the multi-track master was lost , or never existed , because I 'm sure that Mark Linett would have made a stereo mix if he could have , which would have sounded great , no doubt . Again , this CD has the mono mix if you want it , but if you care only about the stereo version , stick with the earlier `` two-fer , '' which has three bonus tracks.By the way , when I first got this CD from Amazon , the jacket was sealed , but it had no disc inside ! I contacted Amazon right away though , and they immediately sent me a replacement .
 Mark Linett does it again . The impact from the kick drums at the beginning of Shut Down or Custom Machine alone is enough to justify the purchase of this re-release . The reproduced album art and the mono/stereo masters are great , too . The only thing I could say about this and the other 2012 re-releases is they should have offered them as a box set as well as individual albums .
 Love the newer cleaner audio fidelity . I like the choice of mono vs stereo . I 'll always want Stereo for The Beach Boys .
 like the beach boys had the lp in the 60s good songs . l like there songs in stereo not a mono fan
 In concert , Scruj MacDuhk presents themselves as a dance band . And they are indeed a good dance band . But they 're far more than that . There are few goups in the world of Celtic music with vocals anywhere nearly this good . Dodge the temptation to sing along , and listen to the tight harmonies of their choruses ; at a recent folk festival I had the opportunity to hear them a capella , and they have the vocal power to pull that off -- rare for a `` dance band . '' But an even greater asset is Ruth Moody 's voice . It 's hard to believe that at age 27 , she 's the old-timer of this band -- but not hard to believe that she apparently had five years of classical voice training before shifting to Celtic . This is a very good group . Too bad they 're not better known in the U.S. -LRB- and that their studio album , `` The Road to Canso , '' is n't available in this country . Expect to hear more from them , nonetheless -- and meanwhile , buy this album !
 Having seen Scruj live a couple of times , and owning a copy of their studio release CD -LRB- see their website -RRB- , I would consider myself a major fan . To quote a friend , `` Are they French , Irish , or American Country ? '' Good question . Answer
 Astrid Varnay was born a few weeks earlier than Birgit Nilsson . Astrid Varnay was also Swedish just like Birgit Nilsson !! But Varnay 's career started much earlier than birgit Nilsson 's career . Varnay made her debut in 1941 as Sieglinde at the Metropolitan opera . She stood in for Lotte Lehmann - no less - and that afternoon was supposed to be a broadcast . So at age 23 , she was thrown into the limelight and her performance was broadcast to millions - a copy of the broadcast is available . But news of her bombing was overshadowed by news of the bombing of Pearl Habor the next day . A few days later , the great Bruinnhilde Helen Traubel became sick and Astrid Varnay stood in again , this time as Brunnhilde !! So at the tender age of 23 she started singing the most difficult Wagnerian roles on stage . She started training when young so by 23 she knew all the major Wagnerian soprano roles by heart !! She was to go on to sing Elektra - she debut at Carnegie Hall as Elektra with Mitropoulos in 1949 , and sang Elektra again in 1952 with Fritz Reiner and in 1953 with Hermann Weigart on Radio -LRB- available on Koch Schwann and Gala labels -RRB- . In 1953 she sang Salome . In 1951 she debut at Bayreuth as Brunnhilde and was to become one of the three great Brunnhildes at Bayreuth -LRB- together with Matha Modl and Birgit Nilsson -RRB- . So she started singing Elektra at age 31 !! On the other hand Birgit Nilsson made her operatic debut in 1946 and started singing Mozart and Verdi . Birgit Nilsson made her Bayreuth Debut in 1954 as Elsa in Lohengrin and sang her first Salome in 1954 in Sweden . Birgit Nilsson started singing Brunnhilde in 1955 . Birgit Nilsson only tackled Elektra at age 46 in 1965 . Astrid Varnay was one of the world 's foremost dramatic soprano before Birgit Nilsson burst onto the world scene and became a huge star . Unfortunately for Astrid Varnay , Varnay started tackling roles like Elektra -LRB- which is a voice killer -RRB- , Isolde and Brunnhilde at too young an age . This affacted her voice and her top notes did not last as long as Birgit Nilsson 's top notes . Also , at the time that Birgit Nilsson recorded Brunnhilde and Isolde with Georg Solti , record companies like Decca , EMI etc. were reluctant to issue multiple opera sets for consumers to enjoy - so once Birgit Nilsson recorded the role , there was no market left for Varnay . It was really unfortunate for Astrid Varnay because she is an exceptionally outstanding dramatic soprano . In her prime , she was as good as Birgit Nilsson matching Birgit Nilsson 's vocal power -LRB- except Birgit Nilsson 's top notes which nobody could match -RRB- . There are probably no sopranos today who can match Astrid Varnay.I tell this story so that you know who is Varnay and why she is relatively unknown even though she is such an outstanding singer . Fortunately for us , she recorded this set of Wagner with DG and DG is right in issuing them . Here , you can listen to her outstanding artistry - no less legendary than Birgit Nilsson 's . Her 1953 Salome is available on Orfeo and her 1953 Elektra is available on Koch Schwann and Gala . If you listen to these recordings , you will realize that all her top notes are attacked fearlessly and rock-solid , full of power . No squally singing of the kind we often hear today . In fact , you fear for her voice because -LRB- esp in her 1953 Elektra -RRB- , it is very obvious she is giving her all - you can hear the voice being pushed to the limits - which is very thrilling but which also explains why her dramatic soprano career was considerably shortened whereas Birgit Nilsson enjoyed longevity as Brunnhilde , Isolde , Elektra and Salome.So do I recommend this set ? Yes , this is a set of treasure . Astrid Varnay in her prime in 1954 and 1955 . In this set of CD , you get Varnay 's scene with Siegmund in `` Die Walkure '' . You get the whole of Varnay 's `` Siegfried '' You get her Brunnhilde prologue scene of `` Gotterdammerung '' and the complete narrative and Immolation scene at the end of Gotterdammerung . You get 65 minutes of her Isolde - the Act 1 Narrative and Curse , Act 2 singing with tristan , Act 3 Liebestod . You get Beethoven 's Ah Perfido ! and Wagner 's Wessendock Lieder . And you get a bunch of Verdi arias from Ballo and La Forza.This set is a great treasure and mandatory for opera lovers . Sound quality is superb . Astrid Varnay 's artistry is at the highest possible level . I also recommend very very highly her 1953 Elektra with Koch Schwann - the sound in that Elektra set is super-clear and the performance -LRB- with Leonie Rysanek as Chrysothemis -RRB- is one of the great performances to be set alongside Birgit Nilsson 's Elektra with Solti . Indeed , Astrid Varnay is the equal of Birgit Nilsson . Her 1953 Salome is also nothing less than stunning . It is regretful that Varnay did n't record much . Kudos to DG for releasing this valuable set of exceprts . No Wagner lover should be without this .
 Astrid Varnay was the equal of Nilssen and Moedl ... and in this record it is clear why Wieland and Wolfgang Wagner kept inviting her back to star at Bayreuth Festival for 17 consecutive years ! Not only did she have glorious voice -LRB- big , full bodied with clear top and colorful bottom -RRB- , she was a consumate actress , too . Her reading of the roles are always multi-layered and utterly convincing . A dramatic soprano version of what Vesselina Kasarova is today . If you combine Nilsson and Modl and divide in two you 'd probably get something close to a Varnay.For the record , Varnay and Nilssen were practically the same age -LRB- unlike what the other reviewer said -RRB- . They were born not far from each other in Sweden and just a few weeks apart -LRB- Varnay was older -RRB- ... and the two were great friends . The rather popular misperception that Varnay was much older than Nilsson is because Varnay started starring in the lead hochdramatisch roles like Brunnhilde , Isolde , and Elektra in her early 20 's while her contemporaries were still doing understudy and supporting works . As a matter of fact , this extraordinary singer had her Met debut the day before Pearl Harbour bombing substituting for Lotte Lehmann as Sieglinde opposite The Lauritz Melchior in the broadcast Die Walkure without having ever sung on stage before and made a grand success of it and never looked back.Theirs were the Golden Age of Wagnerian hochdramatiche . The likes of Traubel , Nilsson , Varnay , Modl , Borg , Rysanek ... all greats in their own unique ways . I would n't say one is better than the other or any is ` unfulfilled ' just because I prefer another . They were all special and individualistic.Varnay was The Wulkure Brunhilde after Flagstad 's reign , but her voice changed -LRB- some call it ` uglified ' ... it got edgy and wobbly on top -RRB- and in later years she took on Wagner/Strauss mezzo roles and then the character roles like Beckbig in ` Mahoggony ' instead while Nilssen continued on as the premium dramatic soprano . I do n't think anyone has bettered Varnay 's portrayal of Ortrud or Klytamnestra -LRB- and Elektra ... if you 've heard the 1953 recording with Klaus -RRB- yet.This box set is a good highlights of Varnay 's many Wagnerian roles in her good soprano voice years and beautifully conducted by her husband Herr Hermann Weigert -LRB- including arias from La Forza del Destino , Un Ballo in Maschera -LRB- in Italian and German versions -RRB- , an aria by Beethoven , and Wagner 's songs and opera scenes from The Ring -LRB- no Hojotoho -RRB- , Tristan und Isolde -LRB- with a searing ` Narrative and Curse ' and 2 versions of Liebestod -RRB- . There are 3 CDs in tight fitting paper envelopes -LRB- no case -RRB- . A neat little booklet with a note of her career -LRB- and photos with Windgassen -RRB- comes with it ... no libretto given.PS
 Astrid Varnay is a true hochdramatische -LRB- heroic dramatic soprano -RRB- . Earlier it was Kirsten Flagstad , then came Bayreuth stalwarts , Astrid Varnay and Martha Modl before Birgit Nilsson burst on the world scene as a huge star . Do hochdramatische exists anymore ?? These days it seems that jugendlich-dramatisch -LRB- youthful dramatic -RRB- singers are asked to sing hochdramatische roles . While such assumptions are valid in their own right , you would ideally want to hear a true hochdramatische in a hochdramatische role . Jane Eaglen is said to be Birgit Nilsson 's successor . I have n't heard her but I hope she does succeed Nilsson who is really in need of a true successor . Meanwhile , the record buying public has an opportunity to listen to Astrid Varnay - a true hochdramatische - in this set of absolutely superb excerpts from Wagner 's Ring -LRB- Brunnhilde -RRB- and Tristan and Isolde.Astrid Varnay - a true hochdramatische - this set of recordings is proof !
 The hugely underrated and hugely underrecorded great dramatic soprano Astrid Varnay in one of her very few commercial recordings . Here we hear Varnay at her peak as Brunnhilde and Isolde in superb recorded sound . It 's so sad that her full Isolde , Brunnhilde , Elektra and Salome were not recorded commercially . Thankfully , we have radio recordings of her full Isolde , Brunnhilde , Salome and Elektra . In the excerpts on these recordings , she is better recorded than in all her other recordings . If you love opera and Birgit Nilsson , you must have this set .
 In recent years , the classical music industry has consolidated and we have seen many interesting things happen . Decca , Philips and Deutsche Grammophon , once competitors , are now under the Universal Music stable . Blue-chip conductors like Gardiner are being taken out of the books of top recording companies . Outstanding singers like Renee Fleming are only able to make excerpts CDs of operas , not the complete operas themselves . They only get to make `` non-mainstream '' operas like Rusalka , etc. . Deutsche Grammophon sings on Lang Lang in the hope of penetrating the massive music market in China eventually.One of the good things that has happened is that these companies are now reissuing classics under the new `` Original Masters '' Limited Edition Box Set series . They are issuing quality products featuring rare recordings and making it a limited edition so that people will snap it up . This set of recordings is a real gem !! Like a priceless diamond , Astrid Varnay was at the peak of her prowess in this recording . The recording is super clear and spacious the engineering is superb and puts some recent digital recordings to shame . One wonders whether recording technology has indeed improved . Well , it may have but many from the current batch of engineers are clearly not adept at using new technology . The Walkure , Siegfried and Gotterdammerung numbers are thrilling - we have both Windgassen and Varnay at their peak . These excerpts were recorded at the start of Windgassen 's career when his voice was super fresh - undamaged by the heavy singing that he would undertake later . So he sounds far more powerful and young down here compared to Solti 's or Bohm 's complete Ring sets . And obviously , his Tristan here is much much fresher than in the Bohm set years later . I was stunned by his voice when I heard it . Astrid Varnay 's voice is also very well recorded here . In fact . her voice is better captured than Birgit Nilsson 's voice in Solti 's Ring . The performance here is electrifying - Varnay and Windgassen are very much in their roles - their stage experience certainly shows . This edition is limited - it 's criminal that recording companies should make such classics limited in availability , these classics deserve to be widely distributed . They are much better than many `` modern '' and complete recordings of Tristan and Ring . You will be amazed at the superb level of engineering in this set . Do n't miss it !!
 Astrid Varnay , the reigning Brunnhilde and Isolde at Bayreuth from 1951 to the mid 1960s -LRB- together with Martha Modl and Birgit Nilsson -RRB- . Wolfgang Windgassen , in far far fresher voice than he would be for Solti 's Ring and Bohm 's Ring and Tristan . Superb sound , superb singing of a kind nonexistent today . At this incredible bargain price , this set is a steal !! You MUST get it .
 Wow ! This was just released on 12 Aug 2003 , and it 's a terrific recording . No squally skimming of notes . Very highly recommended .
 All the other reviewers here seem to agree that Astrid Varnay was the equal of Birgit Nilsson . That may have been true for a period when she was in her prime -- as on these excellent CDs from 1954 and 1955 , in amazingly good early stereo -- but I found her interpretations somewhat disappointing . Varnay 's singing is n't all that characterful ; she concentrates on producing a steady stream of sound . One does n't hear many colorings , emotional or vocal , and she tends to adopt a steady volume as well.The result , particularly in the Ring excrepts , is too uniform . One does n't hear Burnnhilde 's grief , confusion , or vulnerability , being aware at all moments of an excellent dramatic soprano producing notes . In the Tristan disc , which has better conducting , I sitll ca n't tell the difference between the bitter Isolde of Act I and the rapturous one in Act II.The same holds true for Windgassen , who is fairly wooden in his characterization , both in the Ring and Tristan excerpts . The reviewer who points out that he gained in dramatic ability in later years , even as his voice became older and frayed , is right . One is aware here that Windgassen is mostly tyring to inflate his voice to heldentenor status , which he does convincingly , but when a voice is being pushed , there is n't much room for light and shade .
 Astrid Varnay was Birgit Nilsson 's equal . She did n't have Nilsson 's phenomenal top notes but she had Nilsson 's huge voice and she had greater warmth than Nilsson . Bravo DG for this reissue !!
 The reason that i give this cd 5 stars ... it 's simple ... different styles of house music , compiled on one cd ... you will enjoy it a whole time ... so it 's worth for your money !!! If Jack keeps it in this way ... we may expect beautiful things of him in the future !!!
 Of the three artists whose every recorded moment I ca n't seem to resist purchasing -- Sinatra , Miles , and Stitt -- Sonny makes me question my consumer habits most . This album , like the 30 + others I have of him , has all the licks , formulae , cliches that I know by heart . There 's hardly a single unpredictable moment from him , but his playing is so precise , polished , and perfect , its presence in varying musical contexts represents a refuge of beauty and sanity in an otherwise unstable world.The rhythm section , though largely unheralded , is arguably second to none . I recall the night at the Vanguard when Roy Brooks launched the Heath brothers into another time zone ; and the night at Chicago 's long defunct Brown Shoe when a heroic piano set by the neglected Duke Jordan erased the memory of Hank Mobley 's embarassing collapse on the bandstand moments earlier ; and no one played better walking bass lines than Sam Jones , who was one of the main reasons for the popular success of Cannonball 's `` live '' dates on Riverside . And finally Joe Newman , a former Basie section man who fully understands his role on a session like this , is an ideal complement to Sonny.The only slight disappointment is the opening tune , `` The Champ , '' yet another B flat blues . As much as Sonny loves the tonic note , he loves a B flat tonic note even more for some reason , coming back to it at least 3 times on his first 12-bar chorus . On the other hand , it 's nice to know there are still some things that can always be counted on .
 If you like good and traditional Jazz , this is good for you ! Enjoy , fly and dream with it ! And all for a good price !
 sonny , as always belts out a great tenor , his back-up is outstanding . I want this one under my christmas tree .
 This is a great single / import . It 's awesome seeing the video on the computer screen . And to hear Darren sing , ` Sexual Healing ' was a great feeling !! That sounds dorky , but it was great ! With Darren 's awesome voice , this cd is definitly worth it !
 The video is amazing , especially for those of us that did n't have it released on tv . `` Sexual Healing '' cover is so beautiful and `` So Bad '' so should have been a single . The variety of tempos makes it an even more worth while buy .
 Darren Hayes -LRB- former Savage Garden lead singer -RRB- has always had a sound all his own . With the release of his new solo CD , plus all of the Special CD 's that contain rare B-Sides , he has never sounded better . He has the voice of an angel , and the face of one too.Better than best - He 's more than `` Good Enough '' and he puts a whole new `` SPIN '' on his talent - I 'd go `` Creepin '' up on him - but I 'd probably give him a `` Heart Attack '' !! The nicest part , is that he 's a nice person . I 've met him on several occasions and each time he 's been funny , sweet and kind . Something you ca n't say about most of the `` fanous '' people in the world-Keep knocking them out Darren - I 'll keep buying .
 This is one of my favourite Jewish Choral CDs of all time yet I agree with other reviewers that this is not representative of the Jewish choral tradition of the UK . This should have been a double CD set with the first featuring really traditional music and the second exposing us to the new genre of mainly modern Reform choral and organ music.Both Moshe and the choir excel themselves . The master mixing is not good and one can hear obvious retakes and splits in the music which is unfortunate . I 've not idea what Oseh Shalom by Nurit Hirsh is doing on the CD!The music of the modern mainly reform composers Lipkin , Josephs , Singer is wonderful . If I had to choose three pieces to take to a desert island , I would take Ma Yedidot by Charles Salaman , Aneh Ani by Verrinder and Psalm 23 by Rideout . Three magnificent works.I believe the company , Olympia , no longer functions so there wo n't be many more CDs available . If it 's still available , grab one !
 I bought this only because as a fan , I want all of their material . First off , you 'll notice the disc length of 76.46 . The band added a keyboard player Graham Maitland for this tour which at first is a bit hard to digest -LRB- mixed too far up front -RRB- sometimes the keyboards work , other times not . There are some classics here - ` The king will come ' , ` Persephone ' , ` Time Was ' as well as a few others . Sound quality is average , sounds like a straight transfer with no doctoring with the sound . This is the Mark 2 lineup with Laurie Wisefield . Not one of the best concert offerings by the band but worthwhile . I 'm sure the band has some real gems in their archive like the live tracks on the superb ` Distillation ' box set . Sadly they are not contained on this disc . If you can get past the keyboards and the muddy sound quality , you may enjoy it . Somehow I feel only the true fans will want this disc in their collection .
 After reading the two reviews of this cd , I was very hesitant to buy this disc.But being a big fan of the ASH I went ahead and got it anyway.So glad I did.Don ' t know where the other reviewers thought this was no better than a bad bootleg recording.I wish all my boots sounded this good.Sounds like it was recorded in a small club rather than a large venue and the performances are just fine.It 's good to hear Laurie Wisefield here.The only unsatisfactory cds out there are the Chronicle series.And they even have some redeeming value.Wishbone Ash in all it 's line-ups always ROCKS !
 Old school , who me ? You darn right!You can call me sentimental but this album is the clear creative female voice Steve Wonder loved and presented to a wanting audience . I miss her clear straight forward softness , passionate and sweet melody in her lyrics . Her songs and voice hit chakras I hardly hear , feel or vibe to in music today.Syreeta was the Jill Scott or Erica Badu of her time . I searched for this album for years . Syreeta was to me a female Stevie if you do n't mind me saying what I feel out loud . Syreeta was not a Patty or Diana but she was a voice which stood out . Silence is not always golden when it comes to a black vocalist like Syreeta Wright . Some say she died in a horrible car accident . This rumor was never confirmed but where ever she is . . her voice sings in my memory like an black angel.Thank you Amazon for ending this long search . ASE O !
 I recently own a copy of this beautiful album . Syreeta was a veryunderrated artist not only on Motown , but for the entire music buying public . If you do not have a copy of this album , then I would highly suggest that you purchase It now ! I really , really , really , really -LRB- alright already ! -RRB- miss `` Stevie Wonder Presents Syreeta . '' The last time I had that album was In 1994-1996 ...
 That this lp was released during Stevie 's most fruitful period is a testament to it 's strengths and contributes to it 's weaknesses . Syreeta Wright was briefly married to Stevie and probably benefitted from his emancipation from the Motown system when it came time to release her debut . Though she cowrote `` Signed Sealed Delivered '' and collab 'd with Stevie on `` Where I 'm Coming From '' , `` Music of My Mind '' and `` Talking Book '' she remained under the radar during her tenure with Motown . Her voice is not as dynamic as a Patti Labelle , or Chaka Khan , or Natalie Cole , nor as distinctive as Diana Ross whom she was originally tapped to replace in the Supremes by Berry Gordy . What she did possess was the ability to write insightful lyrics as evidenced by the tunes on this cd and on Stevie 's 70 's lp 's . You 'd have thought this set would be huge but I think it suffered from Motown 's concentration on Diana Ross ' burgeoning movie career and it 's move to Hollywood . Whatever the case if you are interested in Stevie 's career when he finally came into his own , you owe it to yourself to pick up this cd . It 's only available as a Japanese import but maybe Motown/Universal will release it domestically . Also previously available but currently out of print is `` Stevie Wonder presents Syreeta '' another great cd which also attempted to resurrect Syreeta 's career .
 Okay , sorry for the silly pun , but the music on this CD is great . Actually I am reviewing the 2 on 1 CD of `` Syreeta/Stevie Wonder Presents ... '' which Hip-O Select wisely released this past summer . A great bargain , by the way , at $ 20 for 2 full albums.First of all the music on this CD brings up many unanswered questions for a music fanatic like me :1 . Why was the beautiful , talented Syreeta Wright not given her due while she was alive ? Sadly , she died earlier this year .2 . Why do n't we have a wonderful 8 or 10 Album Collection of Great Syreeta music ? 3 . Why did Motown not push her career better ? I know one reason . Berry Gordy was busy making the disasterous `` Mahogony '' with Diana Ross .4 . Why were producers not knocking down Syreeta 's door to work with her ? I know that ex-husband Stevie Wonder who helmed these two albums was busy with his own career , but where were Smokey Robinson , Ashford & Simpson , Richard Perry or Frank Wilson when we needed them . Think of the wonderful music they could have created with Syreeta .5 . Why did these 2 albums not set off an absolute explosion in Black Music -LRB- & white for that matter -RRB- in the 70 's especially with female artists . Sure , Roberta Flack , Patrice Rushen & others were doing good music , along with many male artists , but think of the possibilities of the direction someone like Aretha Franklin might have taken who was showing promise with `` Young Gifted & Black '' . There could have possibly been better things for Diana Ross . I could have seen Barbra Streisand or Dusty Springfield taking off in other directions , perhaps working with Syreeta . With much respect to Carole King , I would call these albums the `` Tapestry '' of Black Music . No offense to Ms. King , but I actually think this music has aged even better than hers & she did some great stuff .6 . Okay , just one more question . Why was the beautiful `` Spinning & Spinning '' not a # 1 record on the pop charts when so much awful music was hitting the top?Whew , I 'm glad that 's over . Now onto the music : `` Because We 've Ended Now As Lovers '' - A sad , but beautiful song chronicling Wonder & Syreeta 's failed marriage . Happily , they remained good friends & the songs about their relationship problmes are done with dignity unlike say `` Rumours '' by Fleetwood Mac . Check out Jeff Beck 's wonderful version of this song.The re-makes
 April 15th 200210:43:57 PMName : Syreeta Wright -LRB- the original -RRB- How did you get here?internetWhere are you from?Los Angeles , CaliforniaComments : I just happened to be working on the internet and an inspiration led me to look up my own name . I must admit it brought tears to me eyes to think that after all this time the voice that God gave me is still remembered.We will see what God has in mind . Only Stevland Morris and a few others know what has taken place in my life . I believe it is finally time for the healing to begin . I pray for a new beginning and I thank everyone who remembers what was.ThanksSyreeta Wright
 A million thanks to the poster , Greatlandini for the heads up on the HIPPO release of Syreeta 's two albums . For the price of one , I got two of her best releases ! Syreeta , along with Minnie Ripperton & Deniece Williams -LRB- all were Stevie 's background vocalists , `` Wonderlove '' -RRB- have the sweetest , purest sopranos I 've ever heard in r & b. ; I do n't think that even today there are any singers who can touch the purity in any of their vocals.My Dad actually had the vinyl version of `` Stevie Wonder Introduces Syreeta '' but somebody stole it so I was truly overjoyed to purchase it . Syreeta 's voice makes even the `` filler '' songs sound heavenly but my personal faves are
 Stevie fan?Think Syreeta sounded like a real life angel?Love strings and soulful funk?Then your `` collection '' is incomplete if you do n't have this . Nuff said .
 Although Stevie Wonder 's footprints are all over his ex-wife 's self-titled debut album , Syreeta 's soft yet expressive vocals and thought-provoking lyrics still come through loud and clear . Only on the social commentary song `` Black Maybe '' does Syreeta vocally sound exactly like Mr. Wonder.Lovely string arrangements accompany vocals and rhythm on `` Keep Him Like He Is '' , `` Baby Do n't Let Me Lose It '' , the Hawaiian-flavored `` Happiness '' , and the Smokey Robinson composition `` What Love Has Joined Together '' . `` To Know You Is To Love You '' , a hit for B.B. King one year later -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , features a vocal cameo from the Wonder man himself.The only misteps are `` I Love Every Little Thing About You '' and the cover of the Beatles `` She 's Leaving Home '' . On these songs , Syreeta 's soulful wailing is bogged down by Stevie Wonder 's gimmicky synthesizer arrangements . This album is neo-soul twenty years too soon .
 in 1971 , stevie wonder & syreeta ; wright 's first full album colaboration began with stevie 's first social commentary album - `` where i 'm coming from '' / then in 1972 , on wonder 's first album of complete musical freedom `` music of my mind '' / but 4 this album `` syreeta `` which is her first debut solo album is pretty solid.there r 7 wonder-wright originals and 2 remakes.starting off with wonder 's own remake of ' i love every little thing about you ' - the song begins with wonder 's strange bouncy synthesizer riff which sounds like it was recorded under water.syreeta 's soft hot vocals does n't overtake the song , but her voice glides along with the moderate beat . `` black maybe `` is a slow soulful number of social commentary lyrics which is beautifully sung with strongemotions.in the song , syreeta tells her sisters in black unity with the beautiful line : ` black woman you better wash your -LRB- black -RRB- man 's tears away ' - what a beautiful strong compassionate statement . ` black maybe'is a beautiful song of black pride.no doubt about it . `` keep him like he is '' is a beautiful spiritual lovesong of which she gives thanks 2 the creator 4 the man he created 4 her.she loves her man 4 the way he is . `` happiness `` is a song with a hawaiian flavor and the joys of a spiritual paradise of heaven on earth . `` she 's leaving home '' - a remake of a beatles song , syreeta takes her vocals up a notch by reaching higher notes.but the funniest thing about this remake is stevie 's strange annoying synthesizer vocals . `` what love has joined together '' - a remake of a smokey robinson tune is gorgeously sung by syreeta with beautiful backing vocals by linda tucker , lani groves , gloria barley , and james gilstrap.the song also has beautiful strings by the julian gaillard orchestra.stevie also provides beautiful piano playing on the song . `` how many days `` is a slow tender lovesong about a lonely girl who is tired of being alone , being heartbroken and is in search of her goal of being in love again . `` baby do n't you let me lose this `` which begans with stevie 's synthesizer magic , celebrates the joys of being in love again but with the emphasis of being locked in love 4ever by being brought back 2 life.no need of being lonely again 4 she 's found her soulmate.sweet vocals by syreeta and nice backing vocals by stevie . `` to know you is to love you '' is a vocal interplay by stevie and syreeta.the song slowly begins soulfully but heats up within mintues into a upbeat funk number.the song also sounds like it could have been the final number on wonder 's 1972 album , `` talking book . '' / stevie 's musical production provided syreeta with a very nice debut album.syreeta 's beautiful voice was 4 the most part was under the radar when she was at motown.a very beautiful underrated vocalist .
 I had the pleasure dancing to music off this disc in a stage play , and I can assure you that `` the tango scene '' was one of the most spellbinding moments of the whole show , mostly due to the expression and passion that Viveza poured into the tracks of this recording - the dancers could n't help but reflect it back to the audience . This CD is now right at the top of my rotation - I ca n't go many days without needing my tango fix . A must have disc !
 These performances take you into the dreamy passionate trance that is the soul of Tango . The musicality of the solo violinist Gwen Thompson is sheer artistry . So many moments make me swoon or give me goosebumps -- my objective test of a music 's power . Because of the small ensemble size , it does not have the sforzando of the large Tango orchestras , but this is Tango at its most intimate . The real standouts are `` Schreib Mir Einen Brief ! '' and `` Por Una Cabeza '' . I ca n't wait to dance with my favorite Tango partner to this music . Why it only available here used for sixty smackers I do n't understand . A search on comparison web sites shows it in stock at WalMart , where I got mine . Also , the listing here does n't reveal that the band is called Viveza .
 Vastly different from piece to piece . Great fun for anyone who wants more than your typical tango arrangement . Strongly recommended for couples or romantics souls who are looking for a little `` background passion '' around the house .
 The arrangements are so meaningful and beautiful that our national -LRB- international ? -RRB- music takes a different dimension . Whoever choose the composer made a great job
 Bill Patton sings quirky sly lyrics in an ethereal dry voice over some solid chill / groove music . If you love chillout - groove series like Cafe del Mar , Mushroom Jazz and Om Lounge , but also like dark quirky lyrics , check out Bill Patton.Tracks : Dirty Woman 2:20 She Loves You 3:14 This One 2:03 My Harem Will Be True To Me 3:35 She Shook Me Cold 2:28 I Wonder Where You Are 0:58 April 's Not The Name 1:47 A Crimefighter Who Pities Fools 4:08 Fairies Wear Boots 2:27 I Put A Spell On You 2:29 Kiss 1:01 The Devil Went Down To Georgetown 2:58 Love In The Other Room 1:13 Casino 3:15 Let The Good Times Roll 2:01 Lifelike 5:04 You can hear previews on CD Baby . I also agree with a reviewer there who describes him as dark/folky/lounge .
 Flat out , I bought this record because I heard `` Train , Train '' on an NPR Bluegrass show and literally had to pull over to the side of the road and listen to Sam Bush 's mandolin playing . To my ears , he virtually reinvents the instrument , or at the very least brings it into the 21st century . The range of emotion he conveys through his virtuoso playing is incredible . He probably has the greatest technical mastery of the instrument of any player today . It turned out that this song , and indeed the playing in general , is just icing on a very wonderful cake . Dolly is here , in full-throated glory , belting originals , contemporaries and ancients as if they just always belonged together . Free from comercial concerns , Dolly returns to the roots of her craft and comes away with an album that is at once a brilliant showcase for her stunning range and expressiveness and a truly groundbreaking bluegrass album .
 I have only one thing to say about this album
 The Grass is Blue is an incredible effort . Dolly sings it right and how could she go wrong with the world class band she assembled . As someone that has had a passion for this music and played it since 1965 you can take my word that this is a CD you will not regret buying .
 If you have n't heard it yet , let me just say that the new bluegrass album by Dolly Parton , `` The Grass is Blue '' is nothing short of astonishing . Of course , with a band that includes Sam Bush and Jerry Douglas , and guests such as Alison Krauss it is difficult to imagine it being anything but . However , this is only half the story . Add to that mix a great set of songs by folks like Lester Flatt , the Louvin Brothers , and Johnny Cash , an old Elizabethian/southern Appalachian traditional number -LRB- `` Silver Dagger '' -RRB- and an impressive set of originals , and you wind up with easily one of the best albums of the year . It has been a long road for Dolly . After her late 70 's pop sellout , and her 80 's trip to Hollywood it was difficult to sell people on the notion that her late 60 's early 70 's work was of any genuine musical merit , country or otherwise . By 1987 , and her first `` Trio '' album with Emmylou Harris and Linda Ronstadt it slowly looked like there might be light at the end of the tunnel . Such light did not really appear until well into the 1990 's when Nashville and country radio began to ignore her in favor of younger acts making slicker and more generic music then she had been during her pop years . Such a move seems to have emboldened Dolly to get back to her roots . With her -LRB- now out of print -RRB- live `` Heartsongs '' album -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , last year 's `` Hungry Again '' the `` Trio II '' album , the reissue of her superb early 70 's album `` Coat of Many Colors '' -LRB- apparently more of her pre pop sellout albums , which have been out of print for years , in favor of umpteen compilations with `` Here You Come Again , '' and `` I Will Always Love You '' are slated for remastering and reissues -RRB- and now the amazing `` the Grass is Blue '' it appears that a long journey home is in progress , and it is a most welcome development . Get `` The Grass is Blue '' TODAY !
 Forget all those overproduced , overwrought collections of bad or bland Nashville fare that Dolly put out all too frequently over the last decade and a half or more . This is where she should have been all along and , you know , if she 'd been doing this music , with this class of musicians , with the vocal nuancing she brings to each cut she 'd not only be The Big Star she 's always wanted to be -LRB- and is through marketing herself and certain ... hmmm ... assets more than her music -RRB- but she would be it with an artistic reputation second to none . Long may she run on this path begun with Hungry Again and broadened with this classic . Anyone who has ever loved bluegrass or been knocked cold out by Dolly 's voice -LRB- and that is a whole lot of us -RRB- should own this CD . Personal favorites
 I was so happy with Dolly 's `` Hungry Again , '' and her return to real country . I like new country -- but now it is just like pop music . Quite a few one-hit wonders . But Dolly Parton , like Tori Amos and Ani DiFranco -LRB- two that came to mind -RRB- , makes an entire album of great music , instead of an album that showcases two hit songs . If you like folk/indie music , I think you will love this bluegrass album . Her cover of Johnny Cash 's `` I Still Miss Someone '' gave me chills . My favorite song is definitely `` Will He Be Waiting For Me . '' This is bluegrass , but I definitely like a female singing it . It just mellows it out . Dolly has now put out two great albums and with rumors of her possibly going on tour , I could n't be happier . I 'm 26 , have been listening to her since I was little , and have never gotten to see her perform live . But this album , the critics are n't just praising a country hall of famer -- the album deserves every wonderful word .
 This new Dolly Parton CD is just wonderful ! I usually like Country Music , but DOLLY brought Bluegrass to me , and it 's excellent ! All the tracks are flawless , as are all Dolly recordings . Her voice at the age of 54 is like that of a 34 year old ! Her looks are , too ! I would recommened this CD to all music fans ! Buy it ASAP !
 This CD is a masterpiece ! Dolly is just good at any and all types of music . This CD is a must for Dolly fans and Bluegrass fans as well ! Buy it today !
 As a child , I grew up in Knoxville , TN watching Dolly Partin on the Cas Walker Farm & Home Show . I remember her singing Bluegrass back then and did n't really appreciate what I was hearing . Unfortunately , she got away from her roots . Now she has returned with a brilliantly crafted CD that has critics and her fans screaming her praises . Dolly 's voice is perfectly suited to singing Bluegrass and shines through like a beacon in the dark . The arrangements are simple and understated and the song selection impeccable . -LRB- As a Tenneseean , I wish she would have included her awesome version of Rocky Top or at least updated it . -RRB- Dolly 's gon na give a lot of fellow artists a run for their money this year at the Grammy 's with The Grass is Blue and Trio II . A Top 10 CD if I ever heard one !
 It 's great to hear Dolly bringing out a delightful blue-grass themed album.All of the songs are fun to listen to , but her rendition of Johnny Cash 's classic `` I Still Miss Someone '' is worth the price by itself .
 This CD will send chills up your spine . Dolly sings her heart out , and backed by a group of superb musicians , she delivers one of the finest works of her career . Buy this !
 This CD is simply wonderful . The songs , the voice , the music is perfect . I have followed Dolly for YEARS , and I think this CD ranks with her best , if not her very best PERIOD . I really hope Dolly sticks with this type CD for the years to come . I 'm PRAYING for a Dolly concert at Dollywood of this CD ! My favorite tracks - `` Travelin ' Prayer '' , `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' , `` A Few Old Memories '' , `` I 'm Gon na Sleep ... '' , `` Silver Dagger '' , `` Train , Train '' , and `` I Am Ready . '' Overall , all the songs on the CD are excellent . Thanks Dolly for another heavenly colloection !
 I ca n't claim to have much knowledge about bluegrass music , nor have i listened to it often prior to this album . What i can claim is that upon listening to this stunning piece of work , i was awestruck by it 's natural and organic beauty . No studio trickery here folks , just raw musical talent , coupled with dolly 's magical voice and charm.When listening to this remarkable album , you will honestly feel like you have been transported to some smokey mountain . The music is that rich , and lyrically , it is beyond exceptional . Dolly is a story-teller , and when she sings a verse or chorus , you believe every word of it.In short , leave pre-coneptions behind , and you will find a definitive materpiece within the covers of this album.As a side note , Dolly 's cover of ` Silver dagger ' might just be the greatest recording of her career . I have never heard song which is as compellingly haunting as this is . Dolly 's haunting delivery of the lyrics will give you chills , and is easily the most beautifully crafted song on the album . Pure perfection , and worthy of the price of this cd alone !
 Dolly has described this CD as her `` Blue Mountain '' CD . Part Bluegrass , part mountain music . This is as good as it gets . Dolly never fails to deliver and if you are a Dolly fan or a fan of good music in general , you will not be disappointed .
 An album that may be one of the best of her career . Recorded on the smaller Sugar Hill label away from all of the hype of the music business , Dolly Parton shows she still has the power of her early years . Down home music from a down home lady - the CD features some new Dolly Parton originals along with traditional bluegrass tunes such as `` Silver Dagger '' . Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ` Prayer '' is given bluegrass treatment as well and Dolly 's voice has never sounded better . For those of you who would like to know what a true Country Singer sounds like ... this is it !
 If you love country music or bluegrass music you with drool over this CD and constantly listen to pure bluegrass music and Dolly 's amazingly strong voice over and Over and Over!Album Standouts
 Dolly 's chilling cover of a song most often associated with Joan Baez , `` Silver Dagger '' is alone worth the price of this extraordinary bluegrass album . Parton 's best ever , in my opinion . If you love Dolly anyway , chances are you already have this CD , but if you are simply a bluegrass and/or folk fan , and have somehow managed to miss this record , you still ca n't go wrong by picking this one up . With a voice untouched by the passing years , and inspired all the way through , this is as close to total perfection that Dolly Parton has ever come .
 Well girl , you finally did it ! It 's about time ! I knew you were cut out to do Bluegrass , and do it you did , with the best `` hand-picked '' Bluegrass musicians on the planet . This one will set alongside my other all time Bluegrass favorites . Ca n't wait for the sequel!Love ya Jeff : > -RRB-
 Same as all other Albums by Dolly . Only time she may have been Better was back in the days were her and Porter were a Duet
 Another of my husbands favorite singers . He loves music and will listen as often as he can . I think he collects old time music
 After 10 years of languishing in glitz and overindulgence , Dolly Parton has recorded an album that is surely the finest country album of the decade . Its been a long road to this superb album . Gone are the overproduced backings that tended to overpower Dolly 's sweet , sweet voice . With this bluegrass album , Dolly 's voice is a finely tuned instrument-like the instruments used in the exceptional backing . Parton is an amazing singer , something Nashville has forgotten for some time now . This album 's musicality is a rare anomaly in country music today-fresh , lively and vibrant , with a hint of sadness . Dolly , its so nice to have you back where you belong !
 Dolly has sure showed her talent in this cd ! Every cut was great ! Every muscian did an excellent job ... THE DESIGN WAS WONDERFUL ! GOOD JOB DOLLY ! AND THANKS TO ALL Y' ALL WHO MADE HER NUMBER ONE TODAY ! YOU GO ! YEEEEeeeee HAWWWWwww !
 I have decided that if country music radio can not find a place for A Few Old Memories , than it 's time to give up on radio . There are many younger country fans who will never get the chance to here such talent as Dolly Parton and that is the fault of country radio . What a Shame !!
 This is a great CD . Wonderful music as well as the pure voice of Miss Dolly . This is what country radio should be playing instead of the pop music that has taken over . Bring back Dolly ! ! ! Do n't miss out on this fabulous CD .
 After listening to this CD , I am speechless . If there is any justice in the world this CD should bring home the Grammys next spring . Dolly you are the best and this album reaffirms that !!
 Dolly has always had Blue Grass in one form or another on most of her albums ... this effort of all Blue Grass is wonderful and not new for Dolly . I absolutely love it ! Her originals are great too -LRB- as always . p.s. try precious memories cd from dollywood .
 This , without a doubt , may be the best album of Dolly 's career . It is certainly one of the best albums of the year . It is traditional , old time bluegrass music , at its ' very best .
 I love Bluegrass , Alison Krauss , Rhonda Vincent , Bill Monroe , Ricky Scaggs ... And I love Dolly Parton . What could be better than A Bluegrass album by Dolly ? ... The Grass is Blue is Dolly 's best album . The instrumentation is wonderful , Dolly 's voice sounds as pure as a mountain stream , the songs are excellent ... My favorite tracks are
 I listened to the CMA awards on TV a few weeks ago after a long time away from country music , just to see what was going on . The ONLY artist who excited me with her performance was Dolly Parton ! I was SO frustrated to find her new album was not yet released and have been counting the days since . What a fabulous album ! I do n't know what the hell is happening with C&W radio these days , but as long as we have artists like Dolly Parton continuing to persevere with their talent , I wo n't NEED the radio . This album is an instant classic and I hope the word spreads so it can receive the success it deserves . Thanks for a superb album , Dolly ! You leave the new singers in the dust . It 's a joy to listen to you .
 dolly has never sounded better . this is one album that no one should pass up . all the cuts on the album are great . dolly sure knows how to sing bluegrass and you can tell that she did this album to please herself and her fans and not the radio . dolly didnt worry if the songs were good enough for the stations , she just wanteed to please the fans . and she has pleased me very much !!!!!! i just hope radio will play these songs !!!
 Wow . I never considered myself a fan of Dolly Parton until I picked up this album . If you like bluegrass , do yourself a favor and buy this . You wo n't regret it .
 I first heard a cut from this album -LRB- `` Just a Few Old Memories -RRB- on the radio and HAD to have it ! Dolly is phenomenal , and really arranged to have the `` Dream Team '' of bluegrass players and singers work with her . I love this album .
 This new CD by Dolly Parton is wonderful ! I never listened to Bluegrass music , until now ! Dolly has a wonderful voice and this CD just accents her vocal talent even more ! The all-star band and singers , along with Dolly 's stellar soprano just make it a pleasure to listen to ! BUY IT TODAY !
 This is an awesome work . But for the politics and format packagers , several cuts off this CD should have radio airplay . It IS bluegrass , but with a quality that only Dolly and the talented folks that bring everything together can deliver . Remarkable . It should add at least one more Grammy to Dolly 's trophy case .
 If you love country music , new or classic , you will really enjoy this album . Dolly breathes a breath of fresh air into bluegrass music with this collection of beautifully done songs . Do yourself a favor and purchase this wonderful album .
 Though I 've followed Dolly and her career for years , this is the first album -LRB- aside from Trio I & II -RRB- of Dolly 's I 've purchased . It 's second to none ! Her voice is pure and an image of her singing them lovingly comes to mind whenever I play the CD . The musicians are superb , the songs just the right mix to keep it a favorite . Dolly 's a treasure and so is her latest CD .
 What a great new CD from Dolly ! This has n't left my player since I put it on . Beautiful , fun , and thrilling . Her voice on `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' is unbelievable ! Do n't miss this ear candy .
 I was amazed . I was surprised . Not by Dolly 's talent , but her ability to make bluegrass enjoyable . I personally like Dolly 's pop stuff , but this blew me away . What voices and instrumentation . Radio , get a grip . You can continue playing Garth or Shania , but how can you say you provide what the public wants if you wo n't even let them hear GOOD stuff for a change . Keep it up Dolly . You rock !
 The Grass Is Blue is a terrific country music album , an instant classic ! Dolly 's vocals shimmer with sheer beauty and purity . She 's backed by a terrific group of musicians . Her compositions on this album are bright reminders that Dolly is perhaps the finest songwriter in all of country music . It is a crime that truly brilliant pieces of work such as this , performed by brilliant singers like Dolly Parton do n't get airplay on the radio . Get `` The Grass Is Blue '' . It 's a must !
 DOLLY PARTON HAS SHOWN WITH THIS AMAZING ALL BLUEGRASS ALBUM , THE GRASS IS BLUE , WHY SHE CAN STILL CARRY THE TITLE OF QUEEN OF COUNTRY MUSIC . DOLLY IS NOT GETTING THE RADIO AIRPLAY THAT SHE STILL DESERVES . SO SHE LEFT COUNTRY MUSIC AND RELEASED AN ALL BLUEGRASS ALBUM THAT IS IN NO WAY DISAPPOINTING . I STRONGLY FEEL DOLLY WILL WIN A GRAMMY FOR THIS WORK OF PURE MOUNTAIN MUSIC ART . ALSO A WARM WELCOME TO THE RECENT HALL OF FAME MEMBER !
 This CD is all out fun and great to listen too . Dolly sounds happy doing what feels naturally . I am not a BIG fan of bluegrass , I can take it in small amounts but I must say that this offering by Dolly suits me to a tee . With her spunk and charisma she pulls these songs right into her corner . I liked it a lot and I think you will too .
 Great album from her , been wanting to hear it for a long time and I was not disappointed . Clear and crisp .
 I have been a Dolly Parton fan for longer than I can remember . I listened to my cassette with Jolene until I wore it out . This is Dolly Parton 's best album ever . Period . There is not a bad song on the record . Her soulful , plaintive ballads contrast with driving bluegrass melodies to create a complete album . There is no way to really explain how good this album is - you just have to experience it for yourself . If you are a fan of Dolly Parton or just bluegrass music in general , you need to buy this album .
 I have always been into bluegrass , play it on several stringed instruments and listen to it often . This album came out around the time of `` Oh Brother Where Art Though '' . Maybe a little bit after but as good as the sountrack was for OBWAT , This album on first listen just sent my bluegrass pride to moon.First off , song choice . I may have picked some other favorites but this selection and order are pleasing enough . I will bet whoever was involved in selecting the songs had many hours of pondering for sure.Second , the musicianship . All of these guys have been in the business for years . Very excellent group.Thirdly , it is Dolly Parton singing the songs . This is not a put down putting the fact Dolly is doing the singing , it is just that you know you are buying one of her albums anyway and the first two perks , I think she would even agree with . Dolly in my book is the true embodiment of blue grass and the `` hill people '' , `` mountain people '' lifestyle . She was born into it , lived it and everyone entertained themselves with music growing up in those places . Her voice is unmistakable and clear as the mountain streams . Is also an accomplished musician herself.The songs as I said are a great selection . My two favorites are `` Silver Dagger '' , The reprise after `` Silver Dagger '' and the way it breaks into `` Train Train '' just thereafter.I also bought Sparrow and it may be good but nowhere near this as nothing else is either .
 If you havent bought this CD yet , then what are you waiting for !!! This is one of the best bluegrass CDs I have heard and I love Dolly also .
 Dolly - I love ya singing any type of music . But it sounds to me like this music is your true heart and self . As usual , Dolly 's voice is clean and true . The harmony blended in perfection . The musicians are most obviously top-notch . No conglomerated sounds or clashing instruments . Each knew which part to carry and how much and how strong . The band was perfectly balanced in tone and volume , and volume is very important . One instrument overpowering another or the voice is the downfall of many bands - of any type of music . But not this one . Each song 's arrangement is very slick and precise . One of my favorites is `` I Still Miss Someone '' - which is the very best arrangement I have ever heard . Ah , it was a great pleasure to hear the mandolin , dobro , bass and fiddle as they were meant to be played . And Dolly ? It is always a pleasure to hear her singing - anything , anytime .
 Once again Dolly is magical . She is the Mother of the country singers who are alive today .
 This is a great CD , especially if you like Bluegrass music and Dolly Parton . What a fantastic combination !
 I had no idea Dolly Parton was this GOOD . Really , seriously , this is top notch and I rate it 5 stars .
 After recording a series of country albums in the late ' 90 's that did n't sell , Dolly Parton suddenly found herself for the first time in her life without a major record label . Sugar Hill Records , an independent record company specializing in the blugrass sound , made arrangements with Dolly for her to record a bluegrass album in early 1999 . She would finance the CD , but Sugar Hill would take care of the marketing and selling of it . What resulted was an album that became Dolly 's most critically acclaimed in her forty-plus year career . `` The Grass Is Blue '' was released in October , 1999 , the same month Dolly was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame . The album would go on to win the Grammy the following year as Best Bluegrass Album , and is regarded as helping blugrass receive renewed popularity in the early 2000 's . Dolly does a splendid cover of Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer '' as well as Lester Flatts and Earl Scruggs ' `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' . Miss Parton also brings back an old song from her 1972 album `` Touch Your Woman '' called `` Will He Be Waiting For Me '' , that features some of the best Dolly vocals ever . The best song on the CD is the title track , which was recorded by Noah Jones in 2003 for the Dolly tribute album `` Songs of Dolly Parton '' . `` The Grass is Blue '' did n't receive any radio airplay , as many country disc jockeys simply stopped playing Dolly because they wanted to play only younger artists . The CD peaked at # 24 country and # 198 pop on the Billboard Charts .
 This CD is wonderful . Dolly 's voice is so much better suited to bluegrass and traditional country than the overproduced pop/country music . Silver Dagger is one of the best songs I 've heard all year . I can listen to it again and again . The musical transitions and her voice combine together wonderfully . Buy this CD .
 I bought `` The Grass Is Blue '' on the strength of the rave reviews which appear below . They did n't lie . This is one of the finest things I have ever heard , from ANY musical genre . I played it for my wife , who has zero bluegrass background , and she was just swept away by it . Every cut is strong , but the odd-numbered tracks appeal to me most , with `` Steady As the Rain '' being a particular highlight . Be warned , `` The Grass Is Blue '' may permanently hijack your musical tastes . Now when I listen to blues and rock standards that used to appeal , I just ca n't sustain interest for more than a few minutes . Nothing compares to the power , the purity , the soul that Dolly Parton delivers . I am compelled to go back to `` The Grass Is Blue '' for another deep drought of that cool living water . This is one album I never want to live without .
 How does Dolly Parton do it ? How can she take an old Billy Joel tune like `` Travelin ' Prayer '' and make it sound as though Billy were an idiot for not seeing that it was -- of course ! -- supposed to be a bluegrass tune all along ? In her hands , this tune becomes a rambling , rollicking ode to a traveler missing her lover -- supported and backed by crackerjack bluegrass instrumentalists . `` Travelin ' Prayer '' is just the first of many delights on `` The Grass is Blue . '' Parton 's voice is as strong , supple , and crystalline as it ever was -- she sounds nothing like a woman in her early 50s , as she was when she recorded this in 1999 . Vocally , she is as vigorous -- if not more so -- as she was thirty years ago . She sounds freer , too , as though she 's having more fun and cuttin ' loose . It 's breathtaking to hear.Parton does justice to the old Lester Flatt classic `` I 'm Gon na Sleep with One Eye Open '' -- she 's saucy and sassy and you can practically hear her jaw jutting out with righteous indignation as she scolds her wayward lover . On `` Silver Dagger , '' she uses propulsive banjo -LRB- a 1934 Gibson Flathead RB-3 picked winningly by Jim Mills -RRB- to push forward the awful tale of love and murder that 's been a traditional favorite for centuries . `` The Grass is Blue '' gives Parton the breathing room her spectacularly pure voice needs -- she is backed in vocals by the incomparable Alison Krauss and Dan Tyminski , but she would have been perfectly fine here all by her lonesome . It 's a delight.In addition to the songs written by others , Parton 's songwriting talent is amply in evidence here , on terrific songs like `` The Grass is Blue '' and `` Steady Stream of Tears , '' among others . There 's not a blessed thing wrong with this album , and everything right .
 I always thaught Dolly Parton was a cheesy , Hollywood manufactured musician untill The Grass Is Blue was released . This CD is amazing from start to finish . My favorite song is the Billy Joel cover song Travelin Prayer . The musicianship on this CD is teriffic and Dolly 's voice combined with an all star band makes for a cd that will never leave your cd player . I personally am not a country music fan however , I am a fan of great instrumentation , and this cd is one of the best examples of this I have heard in a while . If you are looking for something new to listen too , grab The Grass is Blue ! , you wont regret it .
 Here in Europe Parton was never considered to be other than american kitch icon , and she was often being subject of jokes , while in USA her talent was recognised long time ago.How victorious she must have felt when she recorded this album and surprised everybody with high quality of her music!Dolly Parton achieved not one , but a few victories here
 To me Dolly Parton always was one of the most terrible artists on earth . A soft , slimy pudding , not worth listening to . But this is really something different
 I ca n't get the cd out of my player ! I heard `` Silver Dagger '' on the Southern Music compilation that came free with the latest Oxford American magazine , then remembered I had read a brief interview with Dolly Parton some time back about this album . Its great ! I 'm not a big country or bluegrass fan , but I might turn into one after this . her voice ! the music ! its all great !
 I 've long awaited Parton 's placing her extraordinary voice where it really belongs -- bluegrass . Most of her recordings are hardly listenable due to the layers of unctious strings and God-knows-what instrumentation of their one-step-from-pop arrangement . Those recordings force you to wonder how she 'd sound if her producers would put her in a room of musicians who can match her talents and just let her rear back and sing , sing , sing . Well , it finally happened , and it beats anything I 'd imagined . The blue grass grows all around all around .
 This is a truly awesome work of art . . it caused me to want to read every single review here on it-which i 've done for no other cd . The songs , packaging , and attitude are all perfection ... this release IS most deserving of all the great reviews and every award it WILL win . Congratulations Dolly on a job well done ... and please continue the great work !
 This is the best album of Dolly PArton 's career bar none ! It is an absolute must for any and all bluegrass fans and I dare say it will make new fans for the genre . You have lived without this CD for long enough . But it today !
 Dolly Parton 's 61st full-length album captures the freshness and vibrancy of the mountain music known as bluegrass . `` The Grass is Blue '' is a superb collection of swift , rambunctious tunes and soft , gentle melodies meshed together by genius instrumentation and Dolly 's exquisite vocal style . From the rowdy opening cover of Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer '' to the elegant a capella closing of `` I 'm Ready , '' the disc offers 13 delectable slices of heaven . Gathered together are the premiere artists of the genre - top pickers Jerry Douglas , Sam Bush and Stuart Duncan to name a few plus the harmonies of Alison Krauss , Patty Loveless and others - with one of America 's true musical treasures belting out some sorrowful `` high lonesome sound . '' Other pick tracks include the steamrolling `` Train , Train , '' a mournful `` Silver Dagger , '' the humorous `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' and Dolly originals `` Will He Be Waiting For Me , '' `` Steady as the Rain '' and the title cut . `` The Grass is Blue , '' released on Sugar Hill Records and Dolly 's own Blue Eye Records , is a true gift for her fans and enough to transport even a hard core rock fanatic into bliss in the hills of Kentucky .
 I do not know what roads Dolly had to travel to get her back to her bluegrass musical home - but I am sure glad that she got there . This is Dolly 's best piece of work since her collaboration with Linda Rondstadt and Emmylou Harris on Trio.This is a wonderful , wonderful piece of work . I have listened to Dolly through the years and have always admired her talent and her personality . It has saddened me to see Dolly 's career pushed down the rather tired formulaic Nashville path . It appears a return to blue grass was an excellent way of taking a nice long detour around Nashville.I am not much of a blue grass listener but the Grass is Blue transcends confinement to any one genre of music . The arrangements are wonderful . They are free of the typicallly overdone wall of sound Nashville glitz that has transformed country music from its distinct roots into a slightly down home version of standard American pop music.The back-up musicians and singers are perfect and complement Doly in fine fashion . In a strange way - The Grass is Blue is to Dolly Parton what Supernaural is to Santanna . Its a return to their artisitic roots - but with a stunning freshness that leaves the listener yearning for more of the same.All the tracks on this CD are worth listening to . Cash on the Barrelhead stands out as does Train , Train . The closing track , I Am Ready find Dolly at her most soulful . It is sung as a prayer and has a mournful , yet joyous quality , that Dolly 's voice renders perfectly.This is one of the great CDs . You do not have to like or have any knowledge of bluegrass musc to love this CD .
 Let me start by saying that I do n't normally like bluegrass , country or Dolly even if I can appreciate the artistry behind them . That said , I must also say that this album is easily one of the best of 1999 . I fell in love with the songs , lyrically and muscially . The music was perfectly performed and Ms. Parton 's voice was the perfect compliment . She has mastered the art of singing and telling stories . She packs emotion into her voice without effort and brings the songs to life . I actually got teary eyed during what I feel is the best song on the album , `` Silver Dagger '' , which takes the voice of a young woman telling her beloved that she ca n't marry him and she will sleep alone forever because of her mother 's warnings . There 's a really good mix of love songs and stories . A sense of humor also flits through the album . Parton even pulls a perfect reversal of the old `` he done me wrong '' song , singing in the voice of a woman who left a man and later realizes he was the one and is on her way back to him , wondering if he has waited for her . Do yourself a favor and buy this album . Do n't think of it as a bluegrass album or a country album or as another Dolly Parton album . Think of it as the opportunity to hear a masterwork , the apex of someone 's career . It is truly a wonderful collection of songs that will catch both your mind and your heart up with their rhythm and voice . Congrats Ms. Parton , you 've won a new fan .
 And I never thought I would go for bluegrass , always conjuring up images of `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' in my mind . Leave it to Dolly to educate me . This music is extraordinary
 When a friend 's e-mail said , `` You have to get the new Dolly Parton album , '' I wrote back , `` I do n't see how , in 1999 , a Dolly Parton album could anything but beside the point . '' Well , I 'll take that big plate of crow I have to eat fried , please . This is astonishingly good . Every note from everyone is completely right , utterly heartfelt . All made by humans , all in real time on real instruments . Name another album you can say that about in the last five years . And I fear that `` Silver Dagger '' will haunt my days and nights for eternity . Dolly is a national treasure !
 Although Dolly had recorded the occasional song in a bluegrass style before , I 'd never have expected her to do a whole bluegrsass album.With backing vocals by the three finest bluegrass ladies -LRB- Claire Lynch , Alison Krauss and Rhonda Vincent -RRB- and a stellar cast of bluegrass musicians -LRB- Jerry Douglas on dobro , Sam Bush on mandolin , Bryan Sutton on guitar , Stuart Duncan on fiddle , Barry Bales on bass and Jum Mills on banjo -RRB- , the album is one of the best Dolly has ever recorded.The songs include covers from a variety of sources , including Billy Joel -LRB- Travelin ' prayer -RRB- , Louvin brothers -LRB- Cash on the barrelhead -RRB- , Hazel Dickens - another fine bluegrass singer -LRB- A few old memories -RRB- , Lester Flatt -LRB- I 'm gon na sleep with one eye open -RRB- , Johnny Cash -LRB- I still miss someone -RRB- and traditional folk -LRB- Silver dagger -RRB- . Dolly 's own songs are included - some old -LRB- Steady as the rain , first recorded by her sister Stella -RRB- and Will he be waiting for me -LRB- originally recorded by Dolly on her Touch your woman album -RRB- - and some new , including the title track.The tempo of the album is generally upbeat . Much credit is given to the O brother soundtrack for the current popularity of bluegrass , but it 's popularity had already risen significantly as a result of this excellent album .
 AS A TRUE DOLLY PARTON FAN , AND ALSO A BLUEGRASS MUSIC FAN . IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN A WISH TO HAVE SONGS DONE BY MISS DOLLY IN BLUEGRASS FORM . I HAVE ENJOYED MOST ALL OF THE MUSIC SHE HAS DONE IN HER CARREER , BUT CAN SAY THIS IS WITHOUT A DOUBT MY FAVORITE . THE TEAMING OF HER VOICE WITH THE WONDERFUL HARMONIES , AND MUSICIANSHIP , OF THESE OTHER -LRB- GREAT IN THERE OWN RESPECTS -RRB- ARTISTS , WAS A DREAM COME TRUE . I PURCHASED THIS ON THE RELEASE DATE , AND HAVE LISTENED TO IT ALMOST EVERY DAY SINCE . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY DOLLY FAN , OR BLUEGRASS FAN LOOKING FOR GREAT MUSIC .
 Coming from someone whose musical preferences run the gamut , from Mariah Carey to Portishead to the Cardigans and back to Geri Haliwell , these words hold quite a bit of meaning . I had read reviews of the album which touted it as the `` best of her career '' and , of course , was skeptical . I can say with complete honesty that this Bluegrass was something I was unfamiliar with , but something I have come to greatly appreciate . The music is fresh and live , different from any mainstream pop we hear nowadays , and is well-deserving of a listen by anyone with an ear for music , whether they are a city boy -LRB- Bronx , NY here -RRB- or not . Good music has a way of transcending boundaries , and this is one of those discs .
 Dolly surprised everyone with this album . Just recently Dolly had been let go as a result of Decca 's closure , and she wasnt signed to MCA like many of the old Decca artists were , so Dolly decided to go independant . This is the best bluegrass cd ever . Dolly does a lot of old favorites and some new ones . From the album starter Traveling Prayer to the album 's accapella closer , I Am Ready , Dolly covers a lot of ground here . Highlights include A Few Old Memories , Silver Dagger , Endless Stream of Tears , Cash on the Barrelhead , my favorite though is Traveling Prayer . You got ta get this one , be amazed like the rest of us . This is pure gold .
 First of all , Miss Dolly is at her best in this down-home-style , unplugged situation . Her voice can still bring a tear to this old man 's eye.Secondly , she has surrounded herself with some of the best pickers I 've heard in years . From the opening riff , which will grab you if you 're blue at all , to the end , which is a gospel piece -LRB- I Am Ready -RRB- performed a capella , she covers just about every bluegrass taste.Two of my personal favorites are `` Cash on the Barrelhead '' and `` Silver Dagger . '' The former , a jumped-up version of as good a Bluegrass Boogie as I , or anyone else , have ever heard . The latter , a soulful ballad of a girl being wooed by a traveling gigolo , and her mother 's determination not to let the same thing happen to her daughter that happened to her.Dolly covers some old standards like , `` A Few Old Memories , '' `` I Still Miss Someone , `` I Wonder Where You Are Tonight , '' etc. , as only she can . You know the song 's real , 'cause you can feel the hills . `` Train , Train '' rocks with the best of them . I was n't crazy about the title track , `` The Grass Is Blue '' but , like a few other things we have all known in this life , it might not all be great , but ai n't none of it bad.One more word about the pickers
 Buy it , buy it right now ! While I listened to this CD I laughed , I cried , I ate a pound cake . Dolly Parton 's voice is amazing and the music is stunning . It astonishes me that Dolly has been ignored for the last 5 years when everything else is such crap compared to her . I was thrilled with Hungry Again -LRB- her last CD which you should also buy -RRB- , but this trumps that brilliant CD by leaps and bounds . Finally , a country CD that actually sounds like country music and not just pop music with a straw hat . You go , Dolly girl ! Dolly , you will be a superstar 'til the day you die . And if you never sell one more record , you will still have food on the table and new wigs and shoes in the closet . Please do n't ever let your musical standards fall below the bar you have set with this exquisite CD , The Grass Is Blue . I would have bought it weather it was awful or not . But , I would n't have run to Amazon.com to review it so quickly . It 's amazing , people . Order now . My favorite songs
 I think this CD is a masterpiece ! DOLLY can do any kind of music . My favorite cuts are
 This is the BEST CD I 've heard in YEARS ! I highly reccomend this to not only bluegrass fans , but music fans all over the world ...
 All These Songs are rated from 5 to 05 Being The Best And 0 Being The WorstTravelin Prayer 5/5 - A Very Up Tempo SongCash On A Barrelhead 5/5 - Good StoryFew Old Memories 4/5Sleep With One Eye Open 4/5Steady As The Rain 5/5 - I Love The VocalsI Still Miss Someone 5/5Endless Stream Of Tears 3/5 - This Song Dose Not Seem To Fit With The Rest Of The AlbumSilver Dagger 5/5 - This Is A Very Erie SongTrain Train 5/5 - My FaveoriteI Wonder Where You Are Tonight 5/5Will He Be Waiting 5/5 - A Sad Up Tempo SongThe Grass Is Blue 5/5 - Lot Of People Love This SongI Am Ready 3/5 - No Music Just Singing But Is OKI HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS CD To ANYONE !!!!!!!
 I 'm a casual bluegrass fan and I really enjoy this album . Dolly 's voice is perfectly suited for this style of music and the musicians she uses are obviously some of the best in the business.The only complaint I have is that , at only about 45 minutes , this album is too short . Dolly sings on every cut and I do n't think it would have hurt to give this stellar band an instrumental number or two . If this album had two or three extra tracks -LRB- instrumental or otherwise -RRB- I would have given it five stars . `` This album is too short '' could be considered a compliment and in this case that 's partially what it is . Although I would liked to have gotten a little more quantity for my money , the quality of the music could not be better .
 Non Dolly Parton fans will be surprised at how delightful this CD is . If you like blue grass , this has some great picking and plucking . The opening number `` Travelin ' Prayer '' sets the classic tone of this album . What really makes the music shine is Stuart Duncan 's fine fiddling and Jim Mills ' expert banjo pluckin ' . Some good singing surrounded by the very best in blue grass arrangements !
 This is a truly beautiful album , the songs are so relaxing , & enjoyable to listen to . Each song is thought-provoking , & meaningful . As usual , Dolly has done it again ; I 'm so glad I bought this one , & you will be too !
 Possibly the best work of any type of music in 1999 , if not for Steve Earle 's `` The Mountain '' . Dolly really puts the `` blue '' in bluegrass . This is a must buy for any bluegrass collection and , as mentioned above , any collection PERIOD . So , quit reading , quit wondering , do yourself a favor and buy it . You may want to buy 2 and give one to a friend .
 If `` I Am Ready , '' the final cut on this album , does n't bring tears to your eyes , you should probably wonder whether you have a soul .
 Not only am I a fan of Dolly Parton , but a huge fan of bluegrass . Dolly has once again shown her versatility in delivering the essence of bluegrass , and adding so much more with her unique voice and harmonic orchestrations . This album is a buy whether you are a Bluegrass , Dolly Parton , or Folk listener.p.s . I 'm still only halfway through my first listening of the album as I 'm writing this !
 This album is a must for anyone who even remotely enjoys bluegrass music . Dolly 's voice seems made for these arrangements and the band is the absolute cream of the crop . It is truly a classic in every respect .
 im a traditional country/bluegrass fan who doesnt know alot of dolly partons work . -- i bought this album on the recommendation of the folks at amzon.com and i cant stop playing it . the musicians are excellent as well as the backup singers -LRB- allison krauss -- excellent choice -RRB- -- and dolly parton has given me more respect for someone who just keeps going -- especially a woman singing bluegrss -- she just belts these songs out . -- everyone who 's driven in my car lately has asked about this album . there is nothing bad about it . buy it .
 I 'm 59 and have bought a few records , and this has to be one of the best ever made . There are no bad cuts . All the players are top notch and Dolly get every number just right . If you like bluegrass , you 'll have to like this one .
 The up-tempo Travellin ' Prayer opens the album with impressive picking & is followed by another fast-paced track , the classic Cash On The Barrelhead . The sad ballad A Few Old Memories has exceptionally beautiful harmony vocals and reminds me of the song Just Someone I Used To Know on the20 Greatest Hitsalbum with Porter Wagoner . The Grass is Blue is a brilliant album but not quite as mournful & spiritual as the Emmylou Harris bluegrass masterpieceRoses in the Snow.There are three laments in a row ; Steady As The Rain where Dolly does n't sound sad at all , I Still Miss Someone where she does , and her own composition Endless Stream of Tears . The spectacular instrumental arrangements on Train Train are executed with great virtuosity ; Bluegrass can not be amongst the easiest styles of music to play . Then follow three highlights
 For years , beginning in the late 70 's , Dolly Parton made music calculated to get her airplay on both country and pop radio . To do so required her to abandon the type of music and songs that first made her a country star and the result was , far more often than not , pleasant , but safe , unchallenging , and generally predictable . Her goals , however were achieved . She got ample airplay in boht formats , sold a lot of records and went Hollywood . Within a short period of time she was a household name.All of this did not make for great music . But in recent years as the ageism of radio has shown , she has been ignored , even by country radio which has become more and more youth obsessed concerned more with the right demographics than anything else . In a way , however , this is not a bad thing . Faced with this situation Dolly Parton has returned to making music that is interesting and this , her first bluegrass album ever , may just be the best she has ever made.The sound will break your heart , and will prove that Dolly Parton has all along had talent . She had just been hiding it behind safe music . That , and the result of this album , means that this says a lot more about the state of American popular culture then Dolly herself . Buy this and it will all make sense .
 This cd blew my mind the second i listened to it ! Dolly knows country like no other and this hould be a lesson to all those tired pop-country acts cramming the airwaves
 I purchased this CD on a whim , and it is probably the smartest move I 've made all year . What a stunning collection ! Every song is a treat , but I have to single out Dolly 's own compositions
 Dolly Parton , you 've done it again ! Continue to give us your best . Your adoring fan , Sergio .
 I 've been one of Dolly 's fans for years , even when I was in the Military , I would go to see her in concert every time I could . Sincerly Yours , Terry Sweeney , from Long Beach , CA
 I have never listened to bluegrass music , but have listened to Dolly Parton . I thought , why not give this a try . THIS ALBUM IS TRULY AWESOME . It 's the bomb . I love it .
 When Dolly Parton took the stage at the Academy Awards this past week to sing her song from `` Transamerica '' , `` Travelin ' Thru '' , her effervescent vocalizing and natural buoyancy -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- reminded me of what a great performer she truly is . For someone who has not really embraced country music , I have come over the years to appreciate the honesty , giggly sense of humor and abundant singing talent behind the glamorous trappings of her outsized persona . With 1999 's `` The Grass Is Blue '' , I have come to respect her as a true artist who has found a musical genre perfectly suited to her bird-like voice.Supported by a superb ensemble of bluegrass musicians , she takes on songs as diverse as Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer '' and traditionals like `` Silver Dagger '' , my personal favorite thanks to Sam Bush 's amazing mandolin playing and Jerry Douglas 's equally impressive performance on the Dobro . Other standout tracks include the Louvin Brothers ' comically sly `` Cash on the Barrelhead '' , Shorty Medlocke 's driving `` Train , Train '' ; and Johnny Cash 's plaintive `` I Still Miss Someone '' . The disc ends with the powerfully churchy `` I Am Ready '' , an a capella hymn-like song written by her sister Rachel Dennison . Even if you are not a fan of this type of music , the recording is done with such professional precision and style that it 's pretty hard to resist .
 This incredible collection works on so many levels - a glorious celebration of a wonderful music form - one of the very best voices you will ever hear taking these songs to great heights and the thought that Dolly herself is finally making an album of the music she was born to make.Every song practically leaps from the speakers ; such is the passion and fervor of all involved.Buy this cd , live with it a little and watch it become part of your life as it has mine .
 If you think bluegrass is beneath your dignity , or if you think Dolly Parton is just a down-home personality with a bust , then this album will open your eyes and ears to the truth . I have never in my life heard a country album so brilliantly done from start to finish . Not only does Dolly show herself an intelligent and sensitive musician with a powerful and versatile voice , but the other musicians assembled for this project wil startle you with their virtuosity and and their soul . This is not the cold , dry perfection of the bored studio musician , but perfection with heart and warmth . I think this was a project from the heart of every person involved . And by the way , four of the best songs -- well , they 're ALL best songs -- were written by Dolly herself , inluding the title track . This album will in the future be considered a classic . Buy it now !
 This Album includes the best country music in recent time . Dolly has created a true country album that breathes a breath of fresh air into bluegrass . When I played this CD I could not help but say `` wow '' . Do yourself a favor and purchase this country music masterpiece .
 If you asked anyone in the 80s if Dolly Parton would ever have trouble with commercial success in country music , they would have thought you were crazy . In the pop-infused early 80 's , Dolly Parton fit right in with every other Urban Cowboy inspired crossover country singer . The difference between Dolly and the rest of the pack was the roots . Dolly had her roots in soulful mountain music and we knew her for her simple style and honest lyrics back in the early days . Now Dolly Parton , one of the best known female icons in country music , is having trouble being played on the radio . Her crossover phase is over and Dolly is singing the music that makes her happy and cuts deep into the soul of every listener with her album , The Grass is Blue.The Grass is Blue incorporates some crossover success , but the opposite of 1980s country music . This album actually takes songs that have been successful in the pop realm and turns them into fundamentalist , traditional bluegrass . Dolly has replaced the electric guitars and synthesizers with the mandolin , fiddle and dobro . A standout on the album is Dolly 's remake of the 1990s pop hit `` Shine . '' The lyrics are the only recognizable remnant of the song and Dolly 's voice brings it to a whole new level . On another remake , Dolly sings Billy Joel 's `` Travelin ' Prayer , '' making it sound as if it were written for a rowdy fiddler . Dolly touches the spiritual realm with the a cappella `` I 'm Ready , '' sounding like an angelic creation . Other standouts on the album include songs penned by Dolly herself , including `` Will He Be Waiting For Me , '' `` Steady as the Rain '' and the title cut , `` The Grass is Blue . '' The material on this album is excellent and is only worthy to be touched by bluegrass goddesses . Alison Kraus , Patti Loveless and other vocalist chime in with Dolly on this album.The Grass is Blue is truly the type of music Dolly Parton is made to make . Generations from now , songs like `` 9 to 5 '' will be remembered , if at all , as songs of 1980s . Songs from this collection can be listened to for generations to come and recognized as timeless treasures . With an artist like Dolly Parton , there is a huge music catalog to look at . Regardless of what she has recorded in the past and the popularity of her crossover singles , this album is one her best efforts to date . We can only hope that Dolly has some similar tricks up her sleeve .
 My ear for bluegrass having been recently attuned by Steve Earle 's great album w / the Del McCoury Band , `` The Mountain , '' I was intrigued by word on the grapevine that Dolly Parton had recorded a hard-driving , powerful bluegrass album . I have never paid her much mind -- but having heard this release I am ashamed of my preconceptions and now will lay down my life for her . `` The Grass Is Blue '' is riveting in every way
 Dolly Parton captures the best of bluegrass music with this album . Her vocal range , style , and the excellent musicians that accompany her combine to create one of the best bluegrass cd 's I 've heard . Her original songs are fresh and delightful to listen to . Her voice carries the range of these songs with excitement . I use it every morning during my brisk 2 mile walk .
 Bright and charming . I have n't heard Dolly in a while and it was a delight . Someone suggested this CD to me and I was reluctant but I am glad I bought it ! Dolly missed her calling when she did n't originally go into bluegrass - I ca n't say enough good about it . My husband & I were playing this CD while playing cards one evening and it had my husband & I both toe-tapping .
 As an avid bluegrass fan , this has to be one of the best bluegrass cd 's that has came out in a long time . I promise that the feeling behind such songs as `` Steady as the Rain '' and `` The Grass is Blue '' will have you feeling lonely for the beautiful Blue Ridge ! I love it !
 Dolly reaches out the bluegrass world and hauls in a huge win for herself and the rest of us . Why she did n't sing and stretch like these years ago is beyond me , but she soars along with the hot group of musicians and singers with her . I have been playing this CD for months since I got it and I ca n't seem to get enough . I would have loved to see her tour with this ensemble of musicians with her , but I think she only played in Nashville last January.Here 's to hoping she records more bluegrass , but until then I 'll give The Grass is Blue another spin .
 `` The Grass is Blue '' is not just a return to Dolly 's roots , it indeed is the Finevest album of her 30 + year career . The songs are excellent , the musicianship superb , the singing top notch and it all adds up to a seamless collection that is a must , not only for bluegrass fans , but for anyone even remotely interested in American roots music .
 As most people are , I am a Dolly Parton fan . The only thing is , not of her music -LRB- until now . -RRB- Before buying this album the only songs I was familiar with by her were `` 9 to 5 '' and `` Islands In the Stream '' - and I have n't heard those songs in years . But , as I said , I am a fan of Dolly the person , and I kept reading such glowing reviews of this album I got curious . I am glad I did ! I usually do n't listen to country either , but that did not stop me from instantly taking a great liking to this album . I used `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' in the title of this review because that is my favorite song currently on the album , but the more I listen to it the more I notice so if you were to ask me in a week I may have picked another song . Dolly goes from the lovely upper ranges of her vocals to throaty lower registers and sounds like the legend she is throughout - never missing a beat . Backing her up is a fine band , and every song sounds like a juke box classic . Finally , as proven in the past -LRB- think `` I 'll Always Love You '' -RRB- , Dolly also proves to be an excellent songwriter on this album as well , and songs she has penned like `` Will He Be Waiting For Me '' and the title cut `` The Grass Is Blue '' fit right in with the classics she covers.If you 're a fan , this is a must have , and actually , if you 're like me and are n't sure but are curious , go ahead ! This is a great album .
 This is a wonderful CD ! Dolly is back to her roots and the Bluegrass suits her ! Dolly was meant to sing bluegrass . I highly recommend this CD .
 I bought this album a few months ago . I am a huge Dolly Fan and have 18 albums . The title track `` The Grass Is Blue '' is my favourite . The tracks all have wonderful themes and very strong lyrics . I think that more people should notice Dolly 's spectacular talent and take her music as seriously as she does . `` The Grass Is Blue '' is a must for Dolly fans . Dolly , You 're The Best !
 Who saw this album coming ? I sure did n't . It took me by surprise . This is perhaps one of her best albums , along with her current album Little Sparrow . This album is long overdue , a collection of soul stirring feel good bluegrass music . Dolly outdid herself with this one folks . From the opening track , a cover of Billy Joel 's Travelin ' Prayer , which will keep your feet stompin and your heart racing , to the closing I Am Ready , a song stripped to the bare bones , just Dolly 's beautiful vocals . There is something for everyone on this album . Dolly may have feared how her fans accepted this , but we welcomed it with open arms . She is doing things now that she could never do with RCA , Columbia or any major record label . She has this freedom , and she 's making some of the best music of her career . This is ESSENTIAL for fans of bluegrass , Dolly , or anyone curious . You will not regret it .
 There 's lots to say about this disk , and lots that 's already been said . Overall it is a really fine record ; the musicians on it are fabulous -- Sam Bush , Stuart Duncan , and the incomparable Jerry Douglas . I confess that Dolly has always sounded to me a little like one of the chipmunks , but on this disk more than any other I find her voice really compelling . What I want to focus on is one song on the disk -- Silver Dagger . I thought when I saw the list that no-one could cover Joan Baez 's version and have it work . I was wrong . Dolly 's singing is vibrant and exciting and nuanced , and the backing is great . The addition of instruments with each chorus moves from simplicity -LRB- banjo and rhythm mandolin -RRB- to a rich and varied texture of dobro , violin , and bass , to create a complexity of sound that fills the ear and the heart . Listen for the FIRST note from the bass -- with it suddenly the piece takes on a totally different dimension -- it 's a truly exciting musical moment .
 as a newgrass/bluegrass fan , i was totally blown away by this album . it seems that artists like bela and allison brown have tended to migrate away from the driving style of bluegrass , tending to more avante garde , but with artists like dolly , ricky skaggs , etc , it seems that we are entering a golden age of acoustic music . the rendition of collective soul 's `` shine '' is worth the price of this cd alone . i 've been collecting bluegrass for years now , and this one is among the best ever .
 Simply fantastic . Dolly brings some soul to bluegrass . Her voice is beyond compare and the band is flawless .
 What Dolly has given us here is pure magic . Even if you do not like Bluegrass music , this CD has so much more . Dolly 's angelic voice surpasses all and makes the music from this CD into pure joy . Just look around at the explosion of popularity that bluegrass/moutain music has taken . It is due to this truely remarkable album .
 One of the signs of a great artist is being able to do a cover better than the original and this original ai n't easy to beat . Travelin ' Prayer is on Billy Joel 's first album and I think Dolly 's version is even better . Grace Jones also mastered this feat with La vie en rose . The grass is blue is a very intricate and well-written love song . I 'd like to know if Bluegrass music inspired the song or if the line just came into Dolly 's head . I am ready is written by another Parton . Who could this be ? If you know , drop me a line ...
 This is a landmark album , because it really changed Dolly 's career . This was Dolly 's first endeavor into bluegrass music , and probably her best in my opinion . There is some great Dolly stuff here . The album opens with her cover of `` Travelin Prayer '' , a song that turns into a boot stomping bluegrass song long before it ends . There 's some fun uptempo 's here like `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' , `` Cash On The Barrelhead '' , `` Will He Be Waiting For Me '' , and more . I love her version of Johnny Cash 's `` I Still Miss Someone '' , which is an album highlight for me . `` Silver Dagger '' is a great song , I like the music and her voice as usual is just stunning . The title track has an interesting lyric . There 's some lovely ballads here like `` A Few Old Memories '' , `` I Still Miss Someone '' and more . Other highlights include `` Steady as the Rain '' , `` Endless Stream of Tears '' and the album closer `` I Am Ready '' . This is a great album , one of Dolly 's best . Definately worth repeated listening .
 This album is the culmination of a promise implied in songs thoughout Dolly Parton 's career , from her cover of Mule Skinner Blues to Silver and Gold to the first Trio album . It runs the gamut of excellent bluegrass , from the humorous Cash On The Barrelhead to the eerie heartbreak of Silver Dagger , from the tradition of I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open and a Few Old Memories to the bluegrass rendering of Travelin ' Prayer.This album would be easily worth its money for just the great pickers . The picking on this album illustrates why the very best players in the world play bluegrass . However , as good as the music is , it pales to Dolly 's voice . You feel every word , and hear every cry , from the drifter who has to pay cash to the tears of the young woman who says no to a lover . GREAT ALBUM -- not a weak song in the bunch .
 I am a true bluegrass fan but never been much of a Dolly Parton fan except for a few songs she 's written . WOW ! This CD is absolutely brilliant . Not only does Dolly do great vocals , but the list of musicians that she has working on this CD with her , well it is a band made in heaven . Anyone who listens to this CD and says they do n't like it or ca n't appreciate bluegrass music , well , I just ca n't understand them ! My very favorite on the CD is Steady as the rain . I also like I still miss Someone , but Cash on the barrell head , rolls around in my head all the time . I listen to it every chance I get . Well worth the $ $ .
 This is one of those beautiful moments . You know Dolly has been kicking around major labels like a tennis ball . You know that women singers past 40 rarely get airplay . You know Dolly is a wonderful singer whose creative potential has not lessened . You bring home her latest CD on the smaller North Carolina-based Sugar Hill label ; and you wonder if her recording career will be reduced to small independent releases . Then you put on the disc . Wow ! I like Dolly 's philosophy
 After years of listening to and performing blues , folk , and maritime -LRB- Celtic -RRB- music , I 've recently fallen for Bluegrass in a big way . Since then , I 've learned a few things about it
 If any musical artist has had a second wind as strong as Dolly Parton 's , they 're hard to think of . The previous year 's return to her mountain roots , `` Hungry Again , '' only hinted at the refueled artistic reservoir she 's set out to tap.Having fully shucked off the concerns of country radio , Parton 's created a superb bluegrass LP , and a work that ranks among the best of her brilliant career . Surrounded by stellar players and singers such as Jerry Douglas , Alison Krauss , Jim Mills , Stuart Duncan , and Rhonda Vincent , her artistry binds them together , providing the leadership that brands each track . Whether borrowing from the Louvin Brothers -LRB- `` Cash on the Barrelhead '' -RRB- or Lester Flatt -LRB- `` I 'm Gon na Sleep With One Eye Open '' -RRB- , or reframing Billy Joel -LRB- `` Travelin ` Prayer '' -RRB- or Blackfoot -LRB- `` Train , Train '' -RRB- , Parton 's creativity is breathtaking , and her execution flawless . Two new originals prove that last year 's renewed burst of songwriting was no fluke.Fans of Parton 's pre-pop work will enjoy her continuing journey home . Bluegrass fans will appreciate the joyous dedication displayed by everyone involved . And those familiar only with the Hollywood Dolly have a new chance to hear the Country Hall of Fame artist in all her glory .
 From the opening strands of `` Traveling Prayer '' to the closing ones of `` I Am Ready , '' Dolly Parton 's remarkable bluegrass album `` The Grass is Blue '' is a work of rare beauty and remarkable grace.Those of you only familiar with Parton 's more commercial pop music are in for a pleasant shock , and those who have longed for a return to the country music that made her a real talent have finally gotten their wish . If any of you even think that you might like this album , you will . `` The Grass Is Blue '' might not be the huge commercial hit that has eluded Parton over the past few years , but it s a remarkable return to form and a fitting tribute to the music of her heritage . Those willing to listen will be richly blessed .
 I 've liked something from almost all of Dolly 's periods - hard country , soft country , pop , pop-rock , country-pop - but her early recordings of classics like `` Coat of Many Colors '' , `` Jolene '' , `` To Daddy '' and `` Travelling Man '' were among my very favorites . I was n't such a big fan of `` Hungry Again '' , but the reviewers of `` The Grass Is Blue '' were right on target . This is n't just rabid fans of a singer saying that anything she sings is great . This is a superb bluegrass/country album , reams better than anything on the radio now , and I 'm glad Dolly surrounded herself with the best players and pickers and went for broke . From the opening picking of `` Traveling Prayer '' you know you are in for all-out , pure bluegrass/country music , and Dolly 's singing is the best and the least mannered in years . I love `` Traveling Prayer '' , `` Cash on the barrelhead '' , `` Silver Dagger '' , and `` Sleep with one eye open '' -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , but the whole album is fine . Only the title cut seems a little below par to me , but with the rest of the album so far above par , who cares ? It 's a bit of a shame this is n't selling better than it is - this is fine , fine music .
 I wanted to check this CD out because I heard who was playing on the recording . An amazing line-up of Jerry Douglas , Sam Bush , Bryan Sutton , Stuart Duncan , Barry Bales and Jim Mills make up the core of this heavy hitting group with appearances by several other all-stars . I must admit my ignorance , that I was a bit skeptical whether I would be able stand Dolly 's singing . Boy , did I learn a lesson ! It took me about 5 seconds of hearing Dolly tearing through `` Travelin ' Prayer '' to know that this was going to be an amazing CD . I immediately bought it , and I 've listened to it 5 times in row . She sounds so awesome ! This recording is sure to unite some old and new country and bluegrass fans . I ca n't wait to tell my parents that I own a Dolly Parton CD !
 I heard some of this disc 's songs on a documentary and decided to give the album a try . What a pleasantly overwhelming surprise ! Dolly makes me want to whoop it up and ride trains ! Her voice is in stunningly fine form , and the musicianship of her band is truly top-notch . Who cares if you usually like bluegrass music or not ? Dolly Parton will force you into submission . I especially dig `` Cash On the Barrelhead , '' where Ms. Parton really lets her vocal chords stretch . To Dolly and everyone involved with this magnificent album , I say `` Hot dog ! ''
 The songs are great , the band is cookin ' , and Dolly 's singin ' like she means it ! From the first cut , you can feel the energy and enthusiasm that Dolly and the band bring to this music . A nice variety of songs ranging from traditional to newgrass . Inspired accompaniment from all-star instrumentalists -LRB- Sutton , Douglas , etc. -RRB- . It 's all good and just gets better on repeated listening . Go , Dolly , go !
 This is a great great album , Dolly is her usual talented self . She always comes through , with her sparkling style , upbeat attitude , and great voice . We truly love Dolly .
 I 'm no great fan of bluegrass or country , but this release intrigued me because - like many people , I suspect - I have a soft spot for Dolly . `` The Grass is Blue '' , though , really is as good as the other reviewers have said .
 this is an excellent album by an excellent artist singing songs from an excellent tradition ; a must have in any collection ; eos
 This is the BEST CD on EARTH ! I listen to it every day ! `` Travelin ' Prayer '' is too cool ! Thanks Dolly for such a superb record !
 I do n't particularly care for Bluegrass . But I like Dolly Parton . Check out this CD . It has some good ones on it like `` I Still Miss Someone '' , the haunting `` Silver Dagger '' , and the title song , `` The Grass Is Blue . '' -LRB- `` There 's snow in the tropics , there 's ice on the sun , it 's hot in the Arctic , and crying is fun , I 'm happy now , and I 'm glad were through , the sky is green and the Grass is Blue '' -RRB-
 i just did what i have to say is my opinion to he guys who plays thethe reviews you no if i was a singer i would n't want you to handle any of my music you do n't give a person anymore than a few words then cut it off for ten sec ` show is a person to no if he likes it 0r not i think you you should give us at least 30 seconds nobody would ry to record it if they cann ' t get it all thank you Dale Read
 I really like this CD . It 's 25 tracks , and features mostly BGM . The background music is very good quality , and almost as much fun to listen to as the vocals . I especially like the last four tracks or so , and the slowed-down piano version of Purachina . The first song is the third opening theme , Purachina -LRB- Platina -RRB- , done by the ever popular combo of Sakamoto Maaya and Yoko Kanno . I 'm not sure if it really fits the show , but at any rate , it rocks ! It 's a really nice , medium paced song that seems kind of ... hopeful . The eleventh track is the third ending , Fruits Candy . It 's fast , hyper , and very VERY happy . It annoys my parents and friends to death , but I love this song . Listening to it makes me feel heppy and bouncy . It 's sung by Megumi Kojima , who , IMHO , does a very good job ^_^ The seventeenth track is Kure Yuku Hitotose sung by Iwao Junko -LRB- Tomoyo/Madison 's * shudder * voice actress -RRB- . It 's not very attention getting , thugh after listening to the CD about fifty times I 've gotten rather fond of it . It 's done with an organ and a choir of children and , upon initial listening , seems to be fighting a battle between sounding peaceful and sounding like a funeral dirge . The last track is Hitotsu Dake -LRB- Just One -RRB- , sung by Tange Sakura -LRB- Sakura 's voice actress , I love her to death ^ ^ -RRB- Rather slow but very very sweet , I love this song !!! It 's an ever lasting memorial to Sakura and Syaoran 's love ^_^ It 's slow , a little sad , and really really sweet ! Did I mention it 's sweet ? ^_^ vOverall , I really like this CD . I listen to it more than any CD I have -LRB- of course , I only have about ten -RRB- . The large amount of BGM makes it good to listen to when you do n't want to be distracted by vocals , but at the same time the vocals are spaced out so that it is n't a weakness . I 'd say a must have for any fan of CCS and/or its music , and reccomended to other fans of anime music . Not that most blowing away incredible CD you 'll ever find , but still very nice . My , I wrote a lot , did n't I ? ^_~
 It costs a lot because its an IMPORT , not a bootleg ! If you 're going to enjoy the CD , might as well enjoy it knowing that you did n't pay too much money for a crook to burn the CD for you . Honestly . Things cost money . To a real fan , this is worth the money . Costs a crook a penny to create a mediocre bootleg . Do you really think you 're saving money ?
 I honestly love this cd . My favorites are Purachina , Fruits Candy , and Hitotsu Dake -LRB- I downloaded that song and I sing it alot -RRB- . Purachina is a sweet yet hyper song-I sing it too ! Fruits Candy is joyfull while Hitotsu Dake is heart-touching and very moving . I recomend this cd to every CCS fan !
 I really like this CD . It 's 25 tracks , and features mostly BGM . The background music is very good quality , and almost as much fun to listen to as the vocals . I especially like the last four tracks or so , and the slowed-down piano version of Purachina . The first song is the third opening theme , Purachina -LRB- Platina -RRB- , done by the ever popular combo of Sakamoto Maaya and Yoko Kanno . I 'm not sure if it really fits the show , but at any rate , it rocks ! It 's a really nice , medium paced song that seems kind of ... hopeful . The eleventh track is the third ending , Fruits Candy . It 's fast , hyper , and very VERY happy . It annoys my parents and friends to death , but I love this song . Listening to it makes me feel heppy and bouncy . It 's sung by Megumi Kojima , who , IMHO , does a very good job ^_^ The seventeenth track is Kure Yuku Hitotose sung by Iwao Junko -LRB- Tomoyo/Madison 's * shudder * voice actress -RRB- . It 's not very attention getting , thugh after listening to the CD about fifty times I 've gotten rather fond of it . It 's done with an organ and a choir of children and , upon initial listening , seems to be fighting a battle between sounding peaceful and sounding like a funeral dirge . The last track is Hitotsu Dake -LRB- Just One -RRB- , sung by Tange Sakura -LRB- Sakura 's voice actress , I love her to death ^ ^ -RRB- Rather slow but very very sweet , I love this song !!! It 's an ever lasting memorial to Sakura and Syaoran 's love ^_^ It 's slow , a little sad , and really really sweet ! Did I mention it 's sweet ? ^_^ vOverall , I really like this CD . I listen to it more than any CD I have -LRB- of course , I only have about ten -RRB- . The large amount of BGM makes it good to listen to when you do n't want to be distracted by vocals , but at the same time the vocals are spaced out so that it is n't a weakness . I 'd say a must have for any fan of CCS and/or its music , and reccomended to other fans of anime music . Not that most blowing away incredible CD you 'll ever find , but still very nice . My , I wrote a lot , did n't I ? ^_~
 James Spaulding is one of the great under-recorded musicians in jazz . Despite contributing alto saxophone and flute to many Blue Note recordings , Spaulding never recorded as a leader for that label . On his own , Spaulding leans toward covers of Blue Note standards -LRB- nothing wrong with that -RRB- usually putting only one or two of his own well-written compositions on his recordings . Fortunately `` Gotstabe a Better Way '' features seven Spaulding originals , many from his `` Song of Courage '' suite . Spaulding opens the recording with `` Bold Steps '' , which leads with 25 bars of an alto sax duet with drummer Ralph Peterson ; the rest of the band comes in and plays a tune so catchy it could be a Blue Note standard from the sixties . Vibes player Monte Croft joins the band on the 5/4 `` Blue Hue '' - Croft and Spaulding play the theme together before Spaulding takes off into a gritty alto sax solo . Spaulding , one of the all time great jazz flutists , puts that instrument to good use on the Jamaican-flavored `` Ginger Flower Song '' while the band alternates between a limber island melody and some hardbop swinging . `` Little Niles '' is a Randy Weston composition - waltz-like at times , and with lots of percussion from Ray Mantilla . `` Gotstabe '' is a funky groove that turns Latin , then swinging - there 's enough variations in this one song to fill an album by most anyone else . Spaulding switches to piccolo for `` In Flight Out , then back to flute for `` I Have You '' . Ron Carter contributes a grooving bass solo to a cover of Charlie Parker 's `` Barbados '' - where Spaulding plays flute rather than alto . A great recording by one of jazz 's finest players . The line up
 I blindbought this CD without seeing a single episode of the series ... And truthfully , I was very surprised to how much I reeeeally liked the two Brain Powerd OSTs ... This one has a more Celtic feel to it IMO -LRB- as to where a jazzy for Cowboy Bebop -RRB- ... 01 . Power Of The Light - This is the very first piece I heard that Ms. Kanno composed for Brain Powerd ... I remember that I heard this from a Brain Powerd trailer in my Cowboy Bebop DVD ... Well , I really liked it ... The violins , piano , trumpets blend in so smoothly into one great composition ... When I bought this OST , I found pieces I like more but I find myself still captivated by this one ... Darn it ! Yoko Kanno truly is terrific !!! 02 . Ark - This piece I found to listen more than Power Of The Light -LRB- track 1 -RRB- ... This is the recurring piece of Brain Powerd ... It 's mainly played by bagpipes ... And to my surprise I found this composition very catchy ... May sound weird , but when I find this piece suitable for a D-Day celebration ceremony ... :P In short , I love this track ... 03 . Deep Trench - I never listen to this track unless I play the CD on shuffle ... This track has a more ominous and futuristic feel to it from the first two tracks ... 04 . Sonne - I find this piece captivating as well ... At first , I never paid attention to this track , but hearing it again made me think twice ... The somewhat lonely singing is the same time heartbreaking and appealing to listen to ... I like it ... 05 . My Little Pony - The first part of this piece is like the prettied version of Transmission -LRB- track 15 -RRB- ... Then the music shifts to a nice flute composition that has a very childish feel to it ... Another track worth listening to once in a while ... 06 . Run - A very nice orchestral piece ... It has a somewhat Olympic-y feel to it -LRB- yeah , I say weird stuff , no ? But I mean it -RRB- ... A track I recommend listening to as well ... 07 . Chemical Dance - One website I bumped into stated that this was the no. 1 piece voted by people who owns this CD ... I do n't think it 's THAT great ... It does have that chemistry atmosphere to it that works well ... 08 . Butterfly - A troubadour-like piece ... The nice , calm tune plays out beautifully ... 09 . Blue Tone - A somewhat loose underwater/jazzy track ... 10 . Home - Ah , home sweet home ... A perfect piece for a quiet day at home ... Hehe ... 11 . Ground Zero - A portentous piece to listen to ... It 's fast-paced that really gets your adrenaline going to it 's ominous sounds ... 12 . War Ship - This has a somewhat lonely pace to it ... It also sounds like a modified version of Ark -LRB- track 2 -RRB- , but sounds different at the same time ... It 's a very nice piece overall ... I like how the music escalates to higher octaves throughout the piece ... 13 . Spark - Sounds like a madman track at first ... It begins with a crazy tune that shifts to what reminds me of a 1940 's / 50 's movie music then goes to a fast-paced orchestral version of Ark -LRB- track 2 -RRB- and ends with with some electrifying violins ... 14 . Flow - This is a pretty laid back song ... I do n't listen to this very often , but I admit that it 's a pretty nice song ... The singer has that fade-y voice that I like ... 15 . Transmission - I LOVE this track ... I 'm a big Hitchcock fan , and I find this piece very Hitchcockian in sound ... It escalates all through out the piece into a very , very nice climax ... Ca n't you just feel the tension listening to this track ?!?! You can hear the electric guitar in the BGM too which is a nice touch ! ... 16 . Music Box - A music box theme ... Not bad , but I do n't listen to this very often ... I think it 's a version of another track in this CD or the Brain Powerd OST 2 , but I could be wrong ... 17 . Bridge - Another piece I do n't listen too often ... It sounds like an `` aftermath of a disaster '' music ... 18 . Ephemera - It 's a nice piece other than the annoying addition of the `` gammo ... gammo '' -LRB- or `` gammel '' -RRB- that plays once in a while ... * ticked * 19 . Field of Love - This is a nice piece to which the `` Free fly '' tune is also used in True Love -LRB- Brain Powerd OST 2 , track 7 -RRB- ... It 's a nice track , but I prefer True Love though -LRB- sung by Steve Conte ! -RRB- ... 20 . On the Earth - The last track that has a very quiet sounds to it ... Reminds me of Laputa -LRB- the Hayao Miyazaki film , which I urge you to buy the anime and OST as well !!! -RRB- ...
 Note first off that this soundtrack should be listed as `` Brain Powerd '' instead of `` Bren Powered . '' The series , while not the best overall , was lucky to have the support of such a wonderful composer . Brain Powerd 's soundtrack , like the vast majority of Kanno 's recent efforts , spans a variety of styles and moods through its 61 minutes . Kanno jumps from vocal to straight symphonic to percussive and tribal to Scottish and beyond . The diversity of this album is amazing . Of course , at the same time , this can deter some fans looking for an experience just in a specific style -LRB- symphonic , perhaps -RRB- . Of the three vocals , `` Sonne ~ Hikari '' is easily the best -LRB- sung by Kanno 's possible alter-ego Gabriela Robin -RRB- ... other highlights include `` War Ship , '' `` Ark , '' and the opening `` Power of Light . '' Fantastic music from a master .
 However , You can get everything on this CD plus 8 more early gems on Varese Sarabande label 's `` Best of 1951-1954 '' -LRB- vintage varese series -RRB- . Now , if you love this music and Country Boogie and Rockabilly music , you may want to get this just as a collectible . I had looked for it for a long time not knowing where else to get Haley 's early stuff . The 51-54 collection has 3 tunes done when Haley 's group was the Saddlemen , including a cover Jackie Brentson 's Sun Records smash Rocket 88 !!!
 Theodore `` Fats '' Navarro was one of bebop 's forgotten heroes , who succumbed at age 26 -LRB- in 1950 -RRB- to heroin addiction and tuberculosis . In his short life , however , he established himself as one of the pioneers of bebop and a magnificent trumpet player.Stuart Varden , a noted Navarro authority , would have you believe that Fats was at his best in small groups -LRB- with which I totally agree -RRB- , where he could fully develop and express his ideas.This 3 CD set collects a very good selection of his small group studio work . Organized in chronological order , it is a partial history of the early days of bebop and an excellent overview of one of bebop 's most important creators and players . Among the other players on this set are
 Vyvyan are one talented bunch of girls ! I heard the song `` Going Out '' on a compilation cd and knew I would love this EP . I ordered it because I live in the States . I am so glad I can import British music , that were it 's at . There is even a cover version of `` Mickey '' . I like it better than the original . If your looking for some fast melodic power punk this is the cd to get . Cheers .
 I 've been listening to this particular performance for over ten years now , in a worn-out Vanguard cassette , with the lasting impression of its deeply moving `` Quid sum miser '' and tremendously energetic -LRB- and rhythmically accurate -RRB- `` Lacrymosa '' never fading away ; both outshining some of their most distinguished rivals.This glorious work has always had its weaknesses , and I have no intention of dwelling in them . Other recordings may boast larger , star-studded forces , but few match the commitment and enthusiasm of these musicians under Abravanel 's baton . Besides , the studio recording itself tried to replicate the effects Berlioz had so carefully prescribed for its performances in Cathedrals , with some exciting results .
 Absolutely the best in Harmony from a great group . The Live performance is one of the best and really brings out their strength as performers and entertainers .
 If you own one Cintron CD - this is a great one to have . A lot o classic rock sung in good LA chicano style . You will want to do wop down on the corner with them , finfers snapping and legs beating the music great old school .
 The german trashers SODOM have done it again . After listening to the album atleast five times I changed my opinion on this album from average to excellent . The cover shows a picture of a man holding a mace and a chain-saw . Just imagine being pounded on your head with the mace . Thats how it feels when you listen to this album . Angelrippers voice could n't have been better than this .
 I have nearly every Sodom album . I 'm missing `` Get What You Deserve '' but I 'll get around to it . Meanwhile I found `` Code Red '' as a used CD today and snatched it up . Turns out after checking the disc for scratches at the store , it was spotless , having never been played , or maybe even opened . Whoever the idiot was who did n't give this a listen , thanks for saving me a few bucks . As far as what you rejected , you lose.Sodom were as sloppy as Venom 's first album `` Welcome To Hell '' when they first appeared , but this band learned quick and very soon became a titanic force to be reckoned with especially in Europe . Only Kreator gave them much competition , being from the same hometown of Essen , Germany.The line-up in Sodom has changed more than a baby 's diapers , but with Tom Angelripper at the helm , the sound stays consistent , with his scratchy vocals and snarling bass . While some albums have varied a little in tempo , a few are speed metal barnburners . `` Agent Orange '' and the great `` Tapping The Vein '' come to mind , combining the speed and ferocity of Motorhead with their own thrash oriented riffing . `` Code Red '' could easily be the fastest and furious Sodom album to date . For whatever reason , they simply burn the house down with the title track , and the attack never lets up.This is what thrash is all about - screaming guitars and a rhythm section that sounds like earth moving equipment on jet fuel . Put it in your car CD and do n't blame me when you get the speeding ticket .
 Sodom Came , they went.I had listened to ` Masquerade In Blood ' and 'Till Death Do Us Unite ' and I knew the war that was Sodom was over , the ceasefires had been signed . When you end an album with a song called `` Hey Hey Rock 'n' Roll Star '' after putting out crap that just screams `` We wan na be punk and are failing miserably at it ! '' I knew it was over . Saddened , I went to survey the damage.And That 's when I heard the Air Raid Sirens.Code Red is the comeback album of all time . Sodom has snapped back into place , I do n't know why , but they 're rocking harder and heavier than they ever have . This is not for `` Limp Bizkit '' fans , you get your ears and a greater part of your head ripped off and handed to you . And that 's the way it should be.Notable Tracks are Liquidation , The Vice of Killing , Code Red , and Addicted to Abstinance .
 Sodom are back with another amazing thrash album . Sodom have truly put together another uncompromised , brutal , speed induced thrash masterpiece . \ m / \ m /
 I like it alot . Tombstone , Cowardice and Visual Buggery are my favorites.True thrash classic . Worth the buy !
 if you have slayer or any other thrash metal acts in your collection , sodom belongs in your collection . it is n't a lame alternative act or a boy band , but a mature 3 prong thrash attack
 What is there to say about Sodom ? This band is infallible . Every album they release is pure Teutonic thrash that calls us back to a time when chaos reigned and only the strong survived . Or something like that . If you 're a serious fan of thrash or just want some good head-banging material , pick this up .
 While most thrash/speed bands have watered-down their sound into something unrecognizable -LRB- Metallica -RRB- or begun to gravitate toward nu-metal -LRB- Slayer -RRB- , there are a few that have retained their own identities , still playing the fast , brutal music that made them infamous to begin with . Sodom is one of those bands . The production from Harris Johns is top-notch and most of the songs are truly great , only a few descending into that mindless drum-pounding/guitar-shredding that can sometimes afflict bands that straddle the line between thrash and death or black metal . Are they repeating themselves ? Most likely , but I 'd far rather listen to this material than any other `` metal '' being released by `` progressive , forward-thinking '' bands like Korn ; turn up `` Addicted to Abstinence '' or `` Visual Buggery '' and forget nu-metal exists .
 its like code red was an album from Sodom.This album is scarey and makes me feel cool
 Excellent covers from Heaven 17 's Ian Craig Marsh and Martyn Ware , this greatest hits includes songs from 2 albums , 1 from 1981 and 1 from 1991 . Since the entry does n't list , the singers for the songs include Tina Turner -LRB- Ball of Confusion and A Change is Gon na Come -RRB- , Paula Yates -LRB- These Boots and There 's a Ghost -RRB- , Gary Glitter -LRB- Suspicious Minds -RRB- , Sandie Shaw -LRB- Anyone Who Had a Heart -RRB- , Chaka Kahn -LRB- Someday We 'll All Be Free -RRB- , Terence Trent D'Arby -LRB- It 's Alright Ma -RRB- , Green Gartside -LRB- I Do n't Know Why I Love You -RRB- , and others . An intersting mix , especially with so many soul greats . Probably the inspiration for many of today , such as Richard X . A must have for new wave enthusiasts .
 The front man for bands like Not drowning waving and My friend The Chocolate Cake has released what I consider the best CD I have heard in years . There are too many great songs on this CD to name a standout track . -LRB- Not one `` skipper '' -RRB- Gentle piano soundscapes over a wash of atmospheric sounds and Bridie 's unique vocal arrangements make this the best CD of its kind since David Sylvian 's `` Secrets of the beehive '' in 1987 . This is a must have for anyone that enjoys fragile , but moving music . It amazes me that this CD and this artist will never get the recognition in the USA he deserves . Thanks Australia !
 The album `` Act of Free Choice '' is a superbly crafted series of songs , incorporating orchestral arrangements , piano balladry , electronica and David Bridie 's own husky lyrics . The net effect is sublime , with many thoughtful ruminations on traditional Australian life , and also the people of Irian Jaya , whose struggle for independence from Indonesia is one of Bridie 's most public causes.This album is quite unlike a typical rock or pop work , and it totally eschews the hackneyed and over-produced musical fare that typically dominiates our airwaves and album charts . The songs have a lyrical atmosphere that combines both melancholy and quiet joy - particular highlights for me are `` Dive '' , `` Kerosene '' and `` Deserters '' . Although this album was released around 4 years ago -LRB- in 2000 -RRB- , it seems to reveal more every time it is played . It gained quite an amount of radio airplay at the time of its release -LRB- largely on the independent stations -RRB- and is widely regarded in Australia as one of the best new releases of the past few years.For American and other non-Australian listeners who want to gain a sense of the best of contemporary Australian music , ignore Kylie Minogue and her ilk - try this album instead . Also definitely worth a listen is Bridie 's more recent release , `` Hotel Radio '' . - Pallando , Sydney , Australia
 Australian Rock looks to be in good shape right now with the likes of David Bridie and Powderfinger flying the flag with excellent recent albums . It 's evident on first listen that Bridie 's ` Act of Free Choice ' sounds like nothing else out there , at once urgent , graceful and haunting , you can expect these 11 songs to take over your mind and senses for a good while to come . The sparse beats and subtle atmospherics may find an influence in Massive Attack , yet Bridie goes one further marrying these tracks to lovely unfolding melodies . Nowhere is this more evident than on ` Dive ' which just envelops you in it 's sheer beauty , ` Kerosene ' too , has this power . Even the more minamilist songs have a hypnotic pull with Bridie tackling social/political as well as personal themes . It 's one thing to enjoy an album , another to come away from it feeling transformed and somewhat beholden from the experience . It may not be widely heard ... yet , but this is essential listening .
 David Bridie has grabbed the torch from the likes of David Sylvian , as the previous reviewer noted , and run with it . . I ca n't think of a better equation than that . Maybe if Nick Drake had survived and had a little more Ozzie flavor added he would make something similar sounding to this album . ` hold onto your head now ' David implores , and you had better . The ideas come quick and veiled within one another ... You 'll find yourself popping this disc in when you ca n't think of what to play because you know you have n't completely figured it out yet . You may never and this will keep it sounding fresh for years I suspect.thanks mr B. . . keep the great music coming . .
 Run the place red , the first cut , is great . If you like the recent direction being taken by people like Tim Hecker and Amon Tobin , consider this the Richard D. James twist on that cut-up trend , with his trademark super hyper drum track . And , like RDJ 's past stuff , suitably nightmarish and queasy.The second two tracks are causing a bit of controversy , consisting as they do mainly of noise and analog-style knob tweaking sounds , high pitched shrieks , some distorted screams , etc. . There is no beat , there is no melody , there is little apparent structure -LRB- although its marginally more structured than `` Metal Machine Music , '' but only just so -RRB- . This is some of the most uncompromising music RDJ has done , and for him that 's quite a statement . Maybe this is his remix of Subotnick 's `` Silver Apples of the Moon '' . Anyway , it 's not for the faint of heart . It does n't kick ... and it does n't make your booty move , so you might want to stay away unless you 're a real noise head .
 AFX 's remix of Run The Place Red makes this CD worth the buy in my opinion . But you should think of this disc as a one track single rather than an EP because the other two tracks are just experimental tone noises that are n't good for normal listening -LRB- maybe good for sampling ? -RRB- . AFX has n't made any other tracks to my knowledge that really fall into the category of `` raggajungle/raggacore '' . That 's one of the reasons I think this single is fascinating and unique . It 's a good track , but it may not be worth it for you to buy the CD unless you are a collector of Aphex and/or raggajungle.Also you should be aware that the CD is completely black -LRB- even on the bottom - like some Playstation discs -RRB- and not all computers will read it . You may need to find a computer that will read it and make a copy onto a normal CD-R or rip it into MP3 . My MacBook did not read it , but my older Dell Inspiron did . Who makes a black CD anyway ??? Well , it is what it is . I hope this review helped you understand what you are getting .
 People look at this as a piss-take on an EP , just for RDJ 's personal wealth and whatnot . And , truthfully , it is.But that does n't make the one `` real '' track on here not worth the money.It does indeed , grow on you . Or else you love it right away . It 's quite a departure from his normal works , rarely can you somewhat understand the lyrics , if there are any.The rest is a collection of annoying noises which will either make you or your neighbours go crazy . Nothing really `` musical '' comes out of them.So albeit is a rubbish of an EP , yet the first track is well worth the price , and if you 're into ways of torturing people with different pitches of one noise , then you 're set .
 I think AFX 's take on `` Run the Place Red '' is incredibly fun -- it makes me want to jump and shimmy each time I hear it . Now , I 'm not a huge fan of ragga , but ragga-jungle-drill 'n' bass ? I think it 's a genius combination , one that only the demented mind of Mr. James could discover . You can barely understand the vocals beneath the percussion -- they 're more flavor than anything else . As for the two noise tracks , they 're rather interesting the first time around -LRB- not to mention intense on the squeals -RRB- , but I do n't think they stand up to repeated listens . Mostly because I do n't want to go deaf .
 A little research on the internet would show that RDJ has put squealing noise tracks out like this before . The first track is great . However , all the negative reviews of the second and third tracks might be premature . On at least one other AFX CD I had -LRB- 2 remixes ? -RRB- , the third track was similar witha high pitch and ticking . I recently found out that the third track on that EP was actually a graphic -- it 's data , not audio , an SSTV image . Likewise , maybe tracks 2 & 3 on the smojphace CD are n't music , but data . I no longer have the CD to try to decode it myself .
 when i first heard this cd i thought to myself , god this first track rules ! then when it got to `` ktpa1 '' i was like ? - when `` ktpa2 '' was seemingly more of the same i threw my hands in the air and said , richard james has officially flipped his lid . upon further listenings i realized something . track 1
 Imagine my surprise and delight to find this Muffs compilation on the Sympathy For The Record Industry imprint , serving to fill in the gaps in anyone 's Muffs collection . It 's comprised of obscure , rare , and unreleased tracks from the band 's brilliant although largely unrecognized repertoire -LRB- and maybe that 's just as well for us Muffs fans - can you imagine them as MTV poster children ? -RRB- . For the uninitiated , this may be the album to begin with , full of pop sensibility and crunch and the amazing Kim Shattuck 's primal scream -LRB- imagine Joan Jett after gargling with razor blades and fueled by a jolt of testosterone and human growth hormone with a Dexatrim chaser -RRB- . All of The Muffs albums are essential listening for any fans of punky power pop . Courtney Love has to be crying in her beer somewhere .
 If you do n't own anything by the Muffs , get the first self-titled CD or `` Blonder and Blonder '' first . Then come back for this one.This is a collection of alternative versions , demos , covers from compilations , and tunes that just did n't make the cut.It 's still the best thing the band has released since `` Blonder and Blonder '' . If you are a fan , then the liner notes by themselves are worth ten bucks.And you get 30 tunes for under $ 10 ! It 's hard to find that kind of bargain these days.Don ' t make this your first Muffs album , but make it your third .
 this is a great comp . of the muffs outakes and rare , obscure tracks.if you like the muffs just a little bit then get this!good production and good price .
 If you 're a Muffs fan , ya got ta love this incredible collection of outtakes , rarities , covers and whatever . Sure , first time Muffs buyers should pick up the first or second album , but this one is great if you 're already sold on the band .
 May be the best Muffs cd yet . True , not an actual album but the early songs and all the rest make this an excellent Muffs overview . You 've just got to love them .
 OK `` fan '' from tx - you obviously have no clue of what you are talking about . First of all , the Muffs just DID have a break through record with Alert Today Alive Tomorrow . They released this cd so there dedicated fans unlike yourself would have a chance to here all of there lost material . Get the facts before you say anything you do n't have a clue about . Anyway this cd is n't for someone who is just getting into the muffs but any fan should get it right away . Even if your not a fan it has many good songs but there are also some mediocre ones . All in all - very good
 As a recent convert to The Muffs I feel the need to spread the good word loudly and widely to anyone who will listen . Kim Shattuck has the voice of a rock goddess . Her raw , dirty -LRB- in the best possible sense -RRB- , joyful rock-chick roar is angst incarnate . Not every song is a winner but those that hit the spot get right in amongst you and I for one hope they never leave.Hamburger is The Muffs best album overall and its great to hear the band still doing what they do best after what was nearly a decade of churning out the good stuff . `` I Do n't Like You '' is a particular favourite but `` Rock & Roll Girl '' , `` Become Undone '' and The Muffs ' roughed up version of the cheese-fest that is `` Kids in America '' are all top-down , wind in the hair convertible classics . In the words of Allison Reynolds
 This is another great muffs cd ! I will warn you though these are n't new songs . However it does include `` kids in america '' which was in the movie clueless , so if your not a big soundtrack buyer but loved their version of the song they did . . well your set ! there something about the feel in `` I 'm confused '' and `` no action '' that will have you singing it over and over again until you give up and just keep it on repeat ... but be warn you 'll find that you 'll be doing that alot on this cd . seriously all these songs are very very VERY well written .
 Although it 's an odds-n-ends package , `` Hamburger '' is made up of some tasty ingredients . Not only is the music fantastic -LRB- as always -RRB- but the booklet and Kim Shattuck-liner notes provides some humorous enjoyment . Early Muffs performances like `` Get Me Out Of Here '' -LRB- which may scare away cats in your neighborhood for miles -RRB- and `` You Can Cry If You Want '' are HEAVEN to hear ! I did n't care for the long and short versions of `` Right In Your Eye '' or the too-heavy `` I Need You '' , but there are some beautuful rock-and-roll moments included , as well as a phone-message from Courtney Love that is riotous . Bravo , Muffs !
 This is a really cool record to own . My Favorite Muffs albums are Happy Birthday To Me and Alert Today Alive Tomorrow so I like their later material . This Hambuger is a lot of early stuff and some later but I really like it . I think its cronilogical and its interesting to hear how they 've improved with time . Good cd !
 That 's what lucky fans around the U.S. scream after a Muffs live show , and thats what their new CD delivers . A comp of their singles , rarities , alternative takes and unreleased tracks , a full 70 + minutes of Queen Kim and her pranksters playing the best pop punk ever known to man . The demo of `` I 'm Confused '' and the unreleased `` Sick of you '' make this CD worthwhile all by themselves , but there 's so much more , up to and including their new and hard to find single `` Happening '' . A Courtney Love phone message -LRB- right from Kim 's machine ! -RRB- is priceless , no Muffs collection is complete without this . Oh yeah , great booklet with comments from Ronnie and Kim about each track . Thank you Long Gone John ! Best new CD of 2000 hands down !
 I found this group when I was looking for music to go with a video presentation of my father 's life for his funeral . To this day , I remember smiling during that trying day when some of these songs where playing as the video presentation scrolled through pictures of his life .
 I enjoy previous titles by Smithfield Fair , I prefer their -LCB- scottish orientated -RSB- folk . This album is a good listen though , very reminisant of a kind of 1960 , s composition . The harmony , s flow a lot like the music of that time . All in all a good listen .
 If I had to choose only 5 essential albums , this would be one of them . This album opened up a whole new world of music to me - namely that of sacred Russian choral music . The music is beautiful , inspiring , haunting and genuine . I 've since listened to many other Russian choral works -LRB- such as the excellent ` Sacred Treasures 3 ' -RRB- but this remains my favorite . That the selections are difficult to find elsewhere makes it even more special . This album is expensive and hard to find but worth twice its price .
 i think that darren hayes is the best singer ever and i would love to recieve mail about him and could get his address to send him a letter to say how much i love him !!! but dont send it through email coz soon im getting rid of it.thanx sweeties !! Address :1 / 1 glebe street kahibahthanx honey bunnys !!!!!
 Not my favorite -LRB- Alter is amazing their sound is all their own here -RRB- but , Devil 's Pleasures is definitely a keeper . Pleasure Forever -LRB- their name after the slaves and before they broke up -RRB- has probably become one of my favorite bands that I often go back and listen to quite often because the music is quite unique in its own way . They combine music of previous effort VSS with a dash of the doomy cabaret that I ca n't get enough of . Its dark and dissonant however melodic and layered . To be honest , I think the lyrics are some of their best before Alter and the music is still quite powerful as well . This is truly a taste of what their sound was to become in Alter.If you can get down with the Birthday Party and Nick Cave mixed with a lil more modern punk hardcore edge to them , pick any of their releases up . This would be a great one to start or if you are a fan to add to the collection . Alter is hands down the one to grab . But all their stuff is absolutly fan-friggin-tastic !
 Now that Deutsche Grammophon is part of Universal , we have seen some interesting things happen , and not all of them bad . What I 'm referring to in this case is the new `` Original Masters '' Limited Edition Box Set series . Finally , the classical music world has taken a page out of the jazz reissue handbook -- put out a quality product featuring rare recordings but make its availability limited , and people will snatch it up.Now in its second round of the `` Original Masters '' box sets , DG has chosen to follow-up on the success of the `` Great Conductors of the Century '' series . They have just released two glorious 9-disc collections of the performances of conductors Igor Markevitch and Ferenc Fricsay , the vast majority of which have been previously unavailable on CD.This particular set , `` Un Veritable Artiste , '' showcases some of the numerous recordings made by the great conductor Igor Markevitch for Deutsche Grammophon and Philips , many of which have been rare -LRB- and expensive -RRB- collector 's items for years . As the track information is non-existent above , I will try to be of assistance.The first disc contains Mozart 's 34th and 38th Symphonies with the Berlin Philharmonic -LRB- BP -RRB- from 1954 , and Mozart 's 35th Symphony -LRB- 1957 -RRB- and Gluck 's Sinfonia in G Major -LRB- 1958 -RRB- with the Orchestre Lamoureux , Paris -LRB- OLP -RRB- . Disc two features Haydn 's Sinfonia Concertante -LRB- OLP , 1957 -RRB- , Cimarosa 's Concerto for Two Flutes with flutists Aurele Nicolet and Fritz Demmler -LRB- BP , 1954 -RRB- and Schubert 's 3rd Symphony -LRB- BP , 1954 -RRB- . Discs three and four are all Beethoven , with the exception of an insightful 15-minute , 1957 interview with Markveitch . Here we get Leonore III Overture -LRB- OLP , 1958 -RRB- , 3rd Symphony -LRB- Symphony of the Air , 1956-57 -RRB- , 6th Symphony -LRB- OLP , 1957 -RRB- , and the Coriolan , Fidelio , Name Day and Consecration of the House Overtures -LRB- all OLP , 1958 -RRB- . Disc five is all Brahms -- the 1st Symphony with Symphony of the Air -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , and the Alto Rhapsody -LRB- with the Russian State Academy Choir -RRB- and Tragic Overture with the USSR State Symphony Orchestra -LRB- both 1963 -RRB- . Disc six continues with Brahms , his 4th Symphony -LRB- OLP , 1958 -RRB- , and ends with Kodaly 's Psalmus Hungaricus with tenor Robert Ilosfalvy -LRB- RSA Choir & USSR SSO , 1963 -RRB- . Disc seven focuses on orchestral music from the operas of Wagner . Here we have the Preludes to Acts I and III of Lohengrin and the Tannhauser Overture -LRB- all OLP , 1958 -RRB- , and Venusberg Music from Tannhauser , Siegfired-Idyll and The Ride of the Valkyries -LRB- all BP , 1954 -RRB- . Disc eight features all French fare with Gounod 's 2nd Symphony and Bizet 's Jeux d'enfants -LRB- both OLP , 1957 -RRB- , and Debussy 's La Mer and Deux Danses -LRB- both OLP , 1959 -RRB- . The final disc , number nine , wraps things up with Tchaikovsky 's 6th Symphony -LRB- BP , 1953 -RRB- and Francesca da Rimini -LRB- OLP , 1959 -RRB- . Despite the fact that many of these recordings are in mono -LRB- mostly the pre-1957 ones -RRB- , the first rate performances more than compensate for any audio shortcomings . The stereo performances are the warm , glowing and brilliant accounts that vintage collectors have appreciated for years.Well , I guess the consolidation of the music industry is n't so bad after all , as long as I can look forward to more reissues like Igor Markevitch
 Of all the nine , really adorable , boxed sets by DG it was this one that I hastened to grab since Markevitch 's interpretations had always been to my liking.To be more honest , it was his Lamoureux recordings that I was after . In these recordings , it is the wind sound that dominates , and especially the brass section . For this reason , his Damnation and his Mozart Coronation had always been my favourites.The present box contains a splendid Brahms 4th with a Chaconne , at the end that really moved me with its intensity -LRB- Markevitch slows quite a lot in the middle section to allow his woodwinds express themselves and this pronounces much more the forceful brass-dominated outer sections -RRB- . By the way , this set gives quite an idea of Markevitch 's popularity at the time -LRB- recordings in the US with Toscanini 's NBC Orchestra - renamed Symphony of the Air , recordings in Moscow with Brahms and Kodaly plus the 2 great European orchestras
 I am as great an admirer of Igor Markevitch as the reviewers below who rhapsodize over this bargain 9-CD set from DG . But in truth there are few truly great performances contained here , the best of Markevitch 's large output being readily available on DG , Philips , EMI , and Testament . He had the misfortune to suffer hearing loss at the end of his career and also to be associated too often with inferoir ensembles like the Lamouruex orchestra of Paris , caught here in rather awful , wiry sonics that DG has not remastered . So despite the general elation , I think it 's worth examining these 9 CDs one by one . -LRB- I am adding short comments to the list prepared by a reviewer below . -RRB- CD 1
 Since I heard once on vynil the incredible apssionate and to me the greatest version of the First Symphony of Johannes Brahms ever made . And believe me , I love this symphony and I have heard at least one hundred versions
 Markevitch was , once , part of Diaghilev 's `` Ballets Russe '' 's ensemble , and understood Stravinsky , Tchaikovsky , and other Russian composers -LRB- and their intents -RRB- very-well , and very-dynamically . His Philips ' recordings -LRB- 1970 -RRB- of Tchaikovsky symphonies -LRB- plus other works -RRB- are still , some of the best , integral cycles-of-interpretations to be had , and his expertise was not bounded-by Russian works - his -LRB- Berlioz -RRB- Damnation of Faust , among other interpretations - are some of the best that discipline can devise . A MARVELOUS conductor , as was the -LRB- also -RRB- Russian-born , Jascha Horenstein . ... Horenstein , Markevitch , & Sixten Ehrling were some of the BEST of the post-War -LRB- including some pre-War recordings -RRB- era , and very-much of ANY recordings of them are much worth-having ... including the present , DG set .
 I 'm suprised that no one has reviewed this album . This is Prince Far I 's first recording though I believe `` Under Heavy Manners '' was released before . On this CD , Prince Far I reads out a number of psalms over some really raw , heavy and pulsating dubs . This is a must for anyone who appreciates DJ-rap music .
 Of the dozens of John Denver collections on the market , only a few seem the result of much thought and effort : `` The Country Roads Collection '' -LRB- 4CD box set -RRB- `` The Legendary John Denver '' -LRB- 3CD import -RRB- `` The Rocky Mountain Collection '' -LRB- 2CDs -RRB- `` Portrait '' -LRB- 2CDs -RRB- `` Seine grossen Erfolge '' -LRB- 2CD import -RRB- `` The Best of the Rocky Mountain Collection '' -LRB- 1CD import -RRB- `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits '' -LRB- 1CD -RRB- `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits Vol . 2 '' -LRB- 1CD -RRB- `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits Vol . 3 '' -LRB- 1CD -RRB- The three `` Greatest Hits '' volumes contain the key songs of his career , in my opinion . Missing are fan favorites here and there , which is always the case with compilations . Also missing -LRB- for the most part -RRB- are live versions , which is actually a benefit since those interested in this performer are encouraged to check out the terrific live albums available : `` An Evening with John Denver '' 1CD and 2CD `` Live at the Sydney Opera House '' 1CD `` Sing Australia '' 1CD `` The Harbor Lights Concert '' 2CD `` The Wildlife Concert '' 2CD `` The Best of John Denver Live '' -LRB- taken from `` The Wildlife Concert '' -RRB- 1CDWhile `` Seine grossen Erfolge '' has the fewest songs of the 2CD compilations , it does have the value of presenting `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits '' on disc 1 and `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits Vol . 2 '' on disc 2 . However , it is a hard-to-find German import . `` Portrait '' is an odd compilation , including some `` greatest hits '' along with fan favorites like `` The Wings That Fly Us Home '' and songs that would seem to be Denver 's personal favorites . With 34 songs and 4 live versions , `` Portrait '' lives up to its name , but I find that I rarely play it , perhaps because it paints a less memorable picture of this artist for me than the other compilations do , which rely more on his 70s material . `` The Rocky Mountain Collection '' is to my mind the representative compilation on the market , offering 39 songs and -LRB- typically -RRB- exceptional liner notes by Colin Escott . It includes most of the songs from the three `` greatest hits '' volumes in a chronologically organized package . `` The Best of the Rocky Mountain Collection '' is a single disc distillate of `` The Rocky Mountain Collection . '' Its 20 songs include most of `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits '' -LRB- minus ` For Baby -LSB- For Bobbie -RSB- ' and ` The Eagle and the Hawk ' -RRB- , eight songs from `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits Vol . 2 , '' and two songs from `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits Vol . 3 . '' It also includes ` Sweet Surrender . ` In my opinion , `` The Best of the Rocky Mountain Collection '' is the most comprehensive single-disc compilation available . While I miss the missing tracks from the first greatest hits collection -LRB- and would gladly trade ` Thank God I 'm a Country Boy ' for any number of tracks -RRB- , I think it 's great to have ` Calypso , ' ` This Old Guitar , ' ` Sweet Surrender ' and ` Wild Montana Skies ' along with ` Rocky Mountain High , ' ` Poems , Prayers and Promises , ' ` Rhymes & Reasons , ' and the other tracks from `` John Denver 's Greatest Hits . `` My reservations about it are that , at about 75 minutes , it could have included one more song -LRB- say , ` The Eagle and the Hawk ' -RRB- and there are no liner notes.Still , some care went into the packaging , with nice pictures , decent song credits , and original project credits -LRB- audio restoration , digital transfers , etc. -RRB- from the 2CD set . The disc was remastered `` by Andy Pearce at Masterpiece Studios , London 2000 . '' As Pearce has done quite a few remastering projects , it should come as no surprise that the sound on this one is excellent .
 The babyboomers had the opportunity to truly enjoy John Denver in his prime . I 'm a Gen-Xer , so my early memories of John Denver were sunny summer days with the window down , driving in the country with this gentle voice piping through the eight-track of my parents ' stationwagon.Recently I unintentionally caught a documentary on John Denver , and the feelings and memories came flooding back , along with a deep sadness for the man 's passing . John Denver was a beautiful soul , and his deep love of the American wilderness and of the human spirit is reflected so brilliantly in his music . What an amazing storytelling lyricist . I 'm so happy to have found the Best of Rocky Mountain collection , because it 's the perfect re-introduction to the man and his more popular tunes distilled on one CD.If you 're a John Denver enthusiast already , then doubtless you have other favorites of his music , but if , like me , you 're re-discovering the man and his music , you 'd be well served to make the Best of Rocky Mountain Collection one of your premiere purchases . It 's well worth buying . Every track on the album 's a wonderful offering . You 'll play this one often , and even after you put it away for a while , like a `` long , lost friend '' it will invariably find its way `` back home '' to your CD player again and again .
 Talk about an underrated and overlooked singer !! Look no further and grab this incredible masterpiece fast while it is still available as it does not get better than this or rarely as great !! From the opening haunting Lionel Richie `` Hello '' , you know this is singing at it finest !! A brilliant production by Nat Adderley Jr. is inspired and Mr. Adderley more than lives up to his legendary name here !! An exotic trip on `` No Detour Ahead '' is sublime and an exhuberant latin rhythm makes `` Old Devil Moon '' fresh and original . Torchy and soulfully sung is a masterful take on Billie Holiday 's classic `` Do n't Explain '' and `` Everything Must Change '' is simply haunting and mesmorizing !! Stunning and glorious piano and tenor saxophone brilliantly frame a stunningly loose and soulful vocal on the extraordinary `` Free '' which is one of the many in this classic set that you wo n't want to end !! Haunting and gorgeous is the old standard `` My Foolish Heart '' and never before has it sounded quite this incredible . Please come to the West Coast Miss Lynne and grace us with your incredible talent !! What a thrill it must be to see this wonder in a club-WOW !!!!! As incredible as this complete collection is the finale is a whooper !!! Never have I heard a Stevie Wonder cover this brilliant and Stevie must be in 7th heaven whenever he hears this masterful version !!! Miss Gloria Lynne takes `` Too Shy To Say '' all over the place and turns it inside out and into a masterpiece !! I do n't know the background of this classic work as far a Grammy goes as this came out over ten years ago now , but it should have had I hope at least a win in the Jazz Catagory !! This is one of the best ever and do not miss this Classic !!! Bravo Gloria Lynne-you a remarkable singer !!!!!
 I am pretty familiar with the great jazz singers , though not a great jazz fan.A friend shared this with me and I was blown away.Now everyone has different tastes , but I have always thought Nina Simone the best . The sheer volume of Nina 's work gives her an advantage in the expanse of material.But vocally , and in terms of phrasing and lyrics Gloria is also great.And yet she was contemporary more or less with most of the great jazz singers of her era , being born about 8 years after Ella Fitzgerald.Fame is fickle though and for whatever reason Gloria remains way underappreciated.I love all of her songs on this cd.In one she sings like a Buddhist about how everyone gets older , everything recedes into the past in a way that transcends most pop song ditties to say the least.It is in a class with Nina 's Who Knows Where the Time Goes .
 It takes a good voice to sing Tobira Wo Akete , the second opening song for the show . In my opinion , Anza did a very good job singing this ! The first time you hear this song , most people will think , ` ugh ! this song sucks ' , but trust me , in a while you 'll get used to it and love it as much as I do . Yoru no Uta and Tomoe are both sung by Iwao Junko , the voice actress for Tomoyo -LRB- Madison -RRB- . Her voice is very soft and high-pitched , but if you love melancholy songs , you 'll love these two songs . Honey is the ending song , very nicely sung -LSB- by chihiro -RSB- , and addicting too . The Sakura version is similar to the song , Shiawase no Mahou.The only reason you should buy this CD is for Tobira Wo Akete , Yoru no Uta , Tomoe , and Honey . I would only suggest this for die-hard CCS fans . If you 're not one of them , go buy the CCS Best Collection soundtrack .
 I never tire of this music , its relaxing , exciting , and all right wonderful!I especially love track 12 on this Cd !
 This Cd was one of the best I have ever listened too . The songs are really addicting !
 Well Charlie , you 've done it this time . You 've converted another mass of people to good ol' rock and roll . Charlie 's voice has matured expotentially and his songwriting really shows through on this cd , from `` To Love and Be Loved '' to the desperate romp through drug-mania of `` Coping '' . If you have never seen a Charlie show live , go ... look at the tour dates . I 've sent all of my friends to see him and they were instantly hooked as well . You will NOT be sorry . Rumor has it that a new cd is in the works this year too .
 The Charlie Mars Band has come of age ! In their previous efforts -LRB- which do stand out on their own -RRB- , it seemed that these guys were n't sure what to make of themselves . Were they a college band , a rock band , or something else ? On The End Of Romance , CMB figures it out . They 're a solid southern rock n ' roll band -LRB- not like Lynyrd Skynyrd ; CMB has their own sound -RRB- that has talent and the chops to make it big . Obviously a little more time was spent in production , as this recording has a bit more sheen than the previous two , but that only serves to enhance the obvious talent that this band has . On some tracks , Charlie 's voice is a bit shaky -LRB- Walking Years Away , To Love and Be Loved -RRB- , but you find me a southern rock fan that does n't like 40 Watts and Serenades or Stick to Your Guns . I dare you . All in all , this an excellent album that will most likely go unnoticed . It 's a shame . Even the not-so-great songs on here are fantastic . CMB , your time is now . I hope a record label snaps these guys up and throws a whole bunch of money and recognition at them .
 End of Romance is the great new album by one of the best rock and roll bands that no one has ever heard of . The album starts out with the rocking `` I 'm No Angel '' which is a vastly different sound than anything on the band 's previous works . The drum beat to this song will instantly have you pounding the dashboard in your car as you drive with the windows down and the stereo blasting . Other highlights include `` Walking Years Away '' and the best song on the album , `` Northstar '' . The song `` Coping '' which was on the `` Born and Razed '' album makes an appearance in a different arrangement ; one that gives the song a much harder edge , on this record . All in all `` End of Romance '' is a terrific rock and roll album and one that will hopefully garner the Charlie Mars Band the audience they deserve .
 This is absolutely the best of CMB ! The most professionally put together album of their career , End of Romance debuts the sound of the coming years ... real rock . `` I Am No Angel '' -LRB- track 1 -RRB- is my absolute favorite of CMB . You ca n't get any better than this !
 Ok i admit that this cd is n't the greatest for charlie mars , but their first cd is really good and its called broken arrow and i love it . if you are n't from the south then do n't even bother listening to this music .
 This is not the best MF on records , but it has many interesting features . First , and best , is the incredibleSarastro of Josef von Manowarda . His voice descends to the deeps without any loss of volume or quality , and hisway with the text exudes benevolence . You 'd never guess his father was a general in the German army ! Trude Eipperlehad a beautiful voice and wonderful expression -- she sang a lot of Wagner and Puccini , but I like her best hereand in her Haydn . Lea Piltti does what she can with the insane tempo Krips takes for the second part of her first aria , but the rest of the role is sung both accurately and with lots of passion . Schmitt-Walter is a deft , lightweight , pleasant Papageno ; Ludwig is fine as Tamino , too bad he competes with Simoneau and Wunderlich . Georg Hann is a speaker who could have been a fine Sarastro himself . Most of the music -LRB- no dialogue -RRB- comes through well in what is usually a leisurely , gentle performance , though the three boys sound awful . In short , there 's enoughhere for fascinating and pleasurable listening .
 It 's really Little Richard singing some great Little Richard tunes with all the `` woo ! `` s in the right places . But they 're not the original recordings , and while still one hell of a singer and performer , the strain of time can be heard as he slowly but surely goes out of key toward the end of the recording . The back-up musicians do n't seem to have quite the same energy as the original Disturbers , either . That all said , this is a nice collection of some of his best songs an the price is right .
 The Hidden Hand , great heavy music with a lot of groove . Awesome , jamming in the Clutch vein . They really look like there enjoying playing the songs ! No posing , cock rock attitudes ! Just 3 guys , goin off on real music and having a good time doing it ! excellent highly recommended !!!
 I bought this album on vinyl in England when it was first released back in 1978 & it was always a favorite . I just purchased the CD and after listening to it again for the first time in many years , i have to say the album is brilliant & it really is the ultimate Jazz album to kick back with to do some reflecting & enjoy the wonderful interaction with all the musicians.Buster was in great form on this album as the leader & you ca n't go wrong when you have Kenny Barron -LRB- piano -RRB- , Hank Crawford -LRB- alto sax -RRB- , Hubert Laws -LRB- flute -RRB- , Eddie Henderson -LRB- trumpet -RRB- , etc. all on the same album !
 Did n't think a redo on More Today Than Yesterday would work , but it does . He touches on a little Kenny G and does a commendable job on Babyfaces ' Soon As I Get Home . Bro Earland was a master .
 I really like Charles Earland . I was happy with this purchase because the version of Songbird by Kenny G swings along and sounds great even after many repeated listenings . The entire record seems to go by too fast because I enjoyed the way Charles plays the Hammond organ and kicks the bass using his foot pedals . Not much new to be found here on the updated version his first and biggest hit , `` More Today Than Yesterday '' except a more modern sound overall serves to help . Just wish the record 's running time was longer because all of the tunes included here sound consistently good .
 This album is what I consider underrated and had good tracks . Alot more original than alot of music played these days . Slim Thug and Boss Hogg Outlawz had songs that represent what it means to be a Boss Hogg Outlaw .
 SORRY I 'M LATE ! This LP is seriously off the chain . I 've been waiting to order this CD for a long time from bestmixtapes.com ... Word to the wise , DO NOT ORDER from Bayloent.com !!! I was very impressed with how they had different styles of music on every song . It was n't all 3rd Coast beats . For southern rappers to rap on any beat from any producer , really shows the talent base of BossHogg ... they 're not just mixtape affiliates ! They 're doing the damn thang , and this record shows it .
 If ya aint got it go get it . . Slim Thugga and the outlawz doin they damn thang
 there 's a nice little letter from Sibelius quoted on the booklet with his disc - seems he was sent copies of the original LPs from the 50s . Anyway , the letter says he liked them . This is pretty gutsy stuff - a bit raw orchestrally -LRB- it was a London orchestra building itself up again after the War -RRB- - but real performances , very well-paced and pretty atmospheric . ` Tapiola ' and ` Night-Ride ' are probably best -LRB- there was a famous 78 r.p.m performance from Boult and the BBCSO in the 30s , part of HMV 's Sibelius series -RRB- , but there 's no weak performance here . As for the recording , the remastering has given it breadth and ambience - it was always clear and well-balanced . - and it really sounds well . There 's a kind of freshness about the whole approach which probably indicates that the music was still fairly new and unfamiliar and the sound is suitably clear-edged , no softness or glossiness ; pretty Sibelian , in fact . I liked this .
 With this 75 minute CD , the estimable German soprano of long ago Emmy Bettendorf doubles her representation on the Internet . From her discography of about 200 items , Dr Robert Jones has here selected 20 non-operatic recordings made between the years 1925 and the early 1930s . In the Berlin of those days , her recording company Parlophon seemed always to have inexhaustible resources to pour into their cheap label productions . There were arrangers to render popular instrumental works by Tchaikovsky , Grieg , Elgar , Waldteufel and Rubinstein into song ; there was not only a chorus to add but also budding tenors like Herbert Ernst Groh ; and there were conductors like Otto Dobrindt to direct it all . The records had wide appeal in their day , one critic asserting that Emmy Bettendorf 's singing could `` make men go weak at the knees '' . With motherhood looming , Emmy Bettendorf retired in 1932 . It is possible to find on the Internet a letter she wrote , in faulty English , after WW2 had left her in severely reduced circumstances , in which she lists some preferred items that might be included in food parcels . Her fortunes later revived when she became lecturer in drama at the Berlin Conservatory . She died in 1963 . I hope a track listing is provided to accompany this review .
 The German soprano Emmy Bettendorf made her operatic debut in 1914 and in Germany -LRB- she seldom traveled abroad , mostly a tour of Holland -RRB- she was considered one of the most outstanding operatic sopranos of her time . She sang a variety of what in the Italian repertoire is called `` spinto '' -LRB- lyric-dramatic -RRB- and in the German repertoire `` lyrisch-dramatische '' roles . She made a a number of operatic recordings well-known to vocal recording collectors , including one of the best recordings ever of `` Senta 's Ballad '' from Wagner 's Der Fliegende Hollander and duets from his Lohengrin and Tannhauser with the incomparable heldentenor Lauritz Melchior . She even ventured into the heavy dramatic repertoire with the role of Brunnhilde in Wagner 's Siegfried . By the mid-1920 's her voice could no longer sustain such heavy fare and she undertook to sing lighter opera and operetta . It was at this time that she undertook to record much of this popular repertoire for the German Parlophon label . Lucky us.Duttonlabs of the UK has lovingly transcribed 20 of these titles on the CD `` The Lighter Side of Emmy '' . What we hear is a fresh voice that entirely belies its history of heavier usage . It is perfectly integrated between its registers , with beautiful , floated top notes and a sensuous mezzo-soprano timbre in her mid - and lower range ; a wonderful legato and a great sense of phrasing . As well , she treats the text of each song with love and a style idiomatic to this genre of music . I have listened to it many times since I acquired it , just to capture in my mind the luscious sound of the voice.The recording quality and the transfers are first rate . In addition to Emmy , one gets to hear in duets with Emmy a bit of another great light singer of the period , the tenor Herbert Ernst Groh -LRB- though he sings on Track 6 , not Track 5 as indicated by the jacket -RRB- as well as another popular tenor of the times , Hans Clemens . Otto Dobrindt is the classy conductor on many of the tracks . The included biographical notes are excellent .
 I was so excited to find Emmy Bettendorf 's music at Amazon , as she is my aunt 's mother and I never expected her recordings to be converted to cd 's after all this time and be available commercially ! The music on this cd is indeed `` light '' and lovely when compared with the more dramatic opera solos . Love this !
 When this album was cut in 1956 , participants Kenny Burrell , Pepper Adams , Tommy Flanagan , and Paul Chambers were all young modern jazz players just making names for themselves on the scene ; it would n't be long before all were considered stars . All four of them were from Detroit - thus the title -LRB- only house drummer Kenny Clarke did n't qualify in this regard -RRB- . It 's a very relaxed date , with just about all the tunes assuming a medium groove . John Lewis 's attractive AFTERNOON IN PARIS gets an excellent treatment , with Flanagan 's piano solo being especially fine . Tommy is also brilliant on Kenny 's original blues TOM 'S THUMB , a tune that reverses the order of things a bit by starting out with Burrell and baritone saxist Pepper Adams exchanging 4s at the beginning rather than at the end of the tune . YOUR HOST , another Burrell original , is perhaps the most relaxed tune on the date , with everyone producing quiet yet swinging jazz ; Kenny Clarke 's brushwork is particularly delicate and delightful . This is a solid mainstream-modern jazz album from the mid-50s - definitely worth looking into .
 Something got lost in the translation ... . the correct titles for tracks 2,3 , 5 and 6 , respectively , being `` You Turned The Tables On Me '' , `` Apothegm '' , `` Cotton Tail '' , and `` Tom 's Thumb '' . That having been said , this is a very classy sophisticated quintet session featuring good crisp ensemble entries with some well developed improvisations . Four of the musicians had their roots in Detroit , the exception being drummer Kenny Clarke.My favorites are the standard `` You Turned The Tables On Me '' with fine solos by all , the Pepper Adams original `` Apothegm '' with a mellow bop ensemble entry , and Kenny Burrell 's `` Tom 's Thumb '' . When you consider the stature of the musicians , even allowing this is a 1956 recording , these became among the best in the business ! If you like a really good bop session and/or familiar with the talents of any of this group , you will enjoy this session !
 Its the oblivians so of course its good . The sound quality is not great but not terrible , either . Generally , this is a little more laid back than other releases which is not necessarily a bad thing . The highlights are on the first half of this disc with Walter Daniels . Definitely not the place for an oblivians neophyte but if you 're an oblivians fan and have all of their other relases , its worth the money .
 It does n't matter what this Master sings ; he is the best . I have been a fan of BB 's forever . There is no such thing as a bad BB collection of songs .
 The newest CD is some great music . Clay has some great songs and is a great entertainer . Just saw him live a couple weeks ago ... what a performance ! He is quite a handsome man and had some entertaining moves for the ladies also !! Curb Records has made a great choice ! I look for some great things to happen for him . He greatly deserves some country awards ! He has had many great songs that never made it to radio . I love his music !
 Prime Cuts
 Clay 's first album of new material in several years delivers the solid country sound that one has come to expect from Clay . The first single '' ` Fore She Was Mama '' received considerable airplay , and seems to hold up well upon repeated listenings . I am surprised that `` Mama '' topped out on Billboard at around 21 , because its appeal in the Sunshine State was considerably stronger than that . If radio stations still maintained their own charts , I would expect that this would have been a top five song on stations throughout the Southeastern and Southwestern parts of the USA , perhaps tanking north of the Mason-Dixon lineThe album features a nice mix of slow and uptempo songs . One of the slower songs `` It Ai n't Pretty -LRB- But It 's Beautiful -RRB- '' is a bit maudlin , but for me it 's the best song on the album . Another highlight is Clay 's recording of `` Before The Last Teardrop Falls '' , a duet with the late Freddy Fender . Freddy 's death is n't acknowledged anywhere in the CD booklet , but I 'm pretty sure it was his last recording.The current single `` Fall '' is receiving substantial airplay . I would not have picked it as a single , but I can see where its lyrica would have a strong appeal to female listeners with its strongly supportive message to the wife -LRB- or girlfriend -RRB- . `` Average Joe '' is a song that should resonate with many , and it features legendary pianist Hargis `` Pig '' Robbins . Paul Franklin plays steel on all tracks , but several fiddlers share the spotlight on the various tracks -LRB- Rob Hajacos , Stuart Duncan , Larry Frankin -RRB- Welcome back Clay
 This is one of the best , if not the best offering Clay has made . All of the songs are true to life , expressing feelings and emotions that many can relate to . My favorite is the `` It Ai n't Pretty -LRB- But It 's Beautiful '' . The first time I heard it I cried all the way through . It is a truly memorable song with a great message . All of the tunes balance out the album , you have upbeat and slow ballads . I believe the listener will hear that Clay appears to be in a great place right now , both personally and professionally . This comes across in the music . Great CD and well worth the wait !
 Prime Cuts
 Every song on this CD is excellent . Clay Walker has put together a wonderful collection of music . He is truly at his best on this CD . Also he gives us a last chance to hear the legendary Freddie Fender do his signature song `` I 'll be there before the last teardrop falls . '' Even if you do n't like Clay Walker you will love this CD .
 Since Clay has been my favorite Country Artist over the past 15 years I was very excited to hear this new release . Although his previous album was a personal disappointment `` The Fall '' stands as one of his best . In addition to the singles that were released the following tracks were favorites
 was a christmas gift for someone , so can not rate it , you should not have a limit on words required , especially when it is a gift for someone else .
 Awesome cd will be back to get more music great service great music to offer to people really good prices on music
 Clay Walker 's CD is so good he 's got a good voice.I love country music I 've loved Cly Walkers music from the beginning of his career .
 This was an amazing experience . Product was exactly as described . could not have asked for a better experience .
 I do n't leave many reviews but this one deserves one . There is n't a song on here that I do n't like . `` It ai n't pretty , '' is a beautiful song and I wish it had made it to radio . `` You 're my witness '' and `` I 'd love to be your last , '' would make great wedding music . This is a great cd and I hope he will come out with more in the future .
 This is a great cd ... it has a little bit of everything for everyone ... `` Fall '' and `` Fore She Was Mama '' were his biggest hits from this cd but all the songs are great ... just some good ol country music right here ...
 A Brilliant Album that I proudly promote on my shows . I can play any track and loveeeeeee it . `` Average Joe '' is one that has my listeners asking for again . Going to start promoting `` She Loves it in the Morning '' as that is the single Clay has out . If you are looking for great country `` Fall '' is an album you should have in your collection .
 Without a doubt , this is the best release Osmose records has ever put out , not to mention one of the finest grind releases to date . If you like oldschool grind/death metal , this is for you . Fans of Terrorizer ought to take note , this is great stuff !
 Wow . Amazing brutal band that brings such an intense brutality with such passion . If you into grind , death and just plain killer riffs ? Then get Inhume 's '' in for the kill '' i highly recommend .
 Inhume is both brutal and to the point with their music , as well as original too.In for the kill by inhume , showcases fast brutal death/grind that we have n't heard alot lately , and well , thats a relief to hear ... Do n't think twice , if your a fan of the genre of death/grind ? Buy it !
 Inhume is a grind band thats has deathmetal vocas and well their pretty good . Buy or die !
 I am a huge fan of this band and even though they have gone their seperate ways I will always listen to their awesome tunes.I am Australian and I am very proud about how far they have come over the years .
 This is an absolutely fantastic song ... how come its release as a single just slipped past me ? I love the sleepiness and mellow sounds this has and it is easily one of the best tracks on Savage Garden 's debut . If you do n't have this CD or the album Savage Garden , then go buy either one coz you wo n't regret it .
 From the first time I saw the movie El Hijo De Lamberto Quintero to now I 've been a Pepe Aguilar fan . It was the song Esta Tristesa Mia which hit the heart profoundly . If you have n't heard this song , it is in one of his albums con Tambora . This CD along with the rest that he has con Mariachi are simply masterpieces and can not be duplicated . Pepe directs and produces most of his albums , and not even Alejandro Fernandez can do that , nor can he sing con Tambora . I really recommend any of his albums , simply because he is one of the best out there today .
 THIS C.D. BY PEPE AGUILAR IS JUST PROOF THAT HE KEEPS GETTING BETTER WITH AGE JUST LIKE WINE , HE HAS PROVEN INDEED WHY HE IS TO BE CONSIDERED THE BEST SINGER IN HIS GENRE , EVEN THOUGH THERE ARE OTHERS OF HIS AGE RANGE LIKE ALEJANDRO AND PEDRO FERNANDEZ , THEY LACK PEPE 's INTERPRATIVE STYLE . WITH THIS NEW C.D. PEPE AGUILAR WILL INDEED LEAVE A MARK IN THE MUSIC WORLD JUST LIKE HIS WORLD FAMOUS FATHER ANTONIO AGUILAR . CA N'T WAIT FOR PEPE 's NEXT RECORD , SHOULD BE ANOTHER HIT AND BESTSELLER LIKE THE PREVIOUS 3 .
 Esta vez Pepe se paso con las baladas , pero ay que reconocer que son baladas muy hermosas ... y con letras llenas de sentido ... aunque para mi gusto `` por mujeres como tu '' supera a este ultimo CD ... Eso si los arreglos musicales de `` por una mujer bonita '' son muy autenticos eh inovadores ... no cabe duda que Pepe esta buscando un estilo propio y bien definido ...
 Pepe Aguilar did it again another great cd a favorite in my list . he proved again that he 's better than Vicente & Alejandro Fernandez . a better everything Pepe is the total package a great vocalist director producer and a real charro like his father the great Antonio Aguilar the songs in this cd are very good sung the way only Pepe can.nobody even comes close to his style.I especially liked the song titled `` El Zacatecano '' because it mentiones Jerez the city were my parents were born i cant wait for his next cd wich wil be a hit too .
 I agree that this CD is wonderful for a person with such a melodic and sweet voice Pepe Aguilar does a wonderful job singing rancheras . BUT in no way is he beter than Vicente Fernandez , the man is THE charro alegre de mexico he has a strong and raspy voice made to sing ONLY rancheras he 's a national treasure and ca n't be surpassed . Oh and by the way , this CD is wonderful , one of my favorites hope this helped you in your selectoin ; -RRB-
 This man is trully great his song perdonameis so touching who ever dedicates this song to someone deserves the forgiveness .
 I truly enjoyed listening to this album . Pepe Aguilar is one of my favorite recording artists , and by listening to this most recent album , I will keep on listening to him in the future .
 Pepe Aguilar , is one of a kind the way he sings makes one feel every word . The heart he puts into his music -LRB- sentimiento -RRB- . I love his music , He is the WOW ! for singers . Any song Ranchera , Balada , Banda . I have yet to hear a song that will not be done to excellence if he sings it . I Love Pepe .
 Great ! This is a Kent Henry praise and worship classic - you can not go wrong with this one . Do not sleep on Kent Henry . I 've mentioned in previous reviews that he is one of my favorite praise and worship leaders . This man is gifted , anointed and sings many spontanious praise and worship songs . Although there are no spontanious songs on this one , his CDs from his independent labels are loaded with them . He has a talent for ushering believers into God 's presence.The songs are a mixture of upbeat and mellow classics . This is a must have . This CD is out of print and if you can get your hands on one - do it quickly !
 This album is a classic songs like He is Exalted , we bring the Sacrifice of Praise , Let God Arise , We Worship you Almighty God and of course Glorify Thy Name . If it 's any ablum done by Kent Henry it will be worth it .
 The Oginski 's style is very similar to the Chopin 's . Well , they were both Polish and created in the same era . However I think I even prefer Oginski . I only wish that CD encluded the most famous Oginski 's Polonaise
 SKILLED COMPOSER ; SKILLED SINGERS ; MUCH VARIETY ALL MAKE FOR A GREAT LISTENING TREAT!Benjamin Britten 's Canticles were not conceived as a cycle , but were written for special occasions . The word ` canticle ' is not used in the liturgical sense , but indicates works of deep religious significance as three of them were written for memorial services.Canticle # 1 ` My Beloved is Mine ' was written in 1947 , and is scored for voice and piano . The text is an expression of divine love , shown thru the metaphor of physical love . All of the canticles are longer and more involved than simple songs , could be described as miniature cantatas.Canticle # 2 ` Abraham and Isaac ` was written for the English Opera Group 's concerts in early 1952 . This 2nd canticle could be called a miniature opera , such is the dramatic effect of the story . It was first performed by Kathleen Ferrier -LRB- alto-Isaac -RRB- , Peter Pears -LRB- tenor-Abraham -RRB- and Britten , himself , on piano . The voice of God was depicted by the tenor and alto singing together one octave apart . The story , of course , is from the Book of Genesis -LRB- Ch . 52 -RRB- in the Bible.Canticle # 3 ` Still Falls the Rain ' was written in 1955 , and is scored for tenor , horn and piano ; and for his text he turned to Edith Sitwell 's poem ` The Canticle of the Rose ' . Canticle # 4 ` The Journey of the Magi ' was not composed until 1971 , for which Britten chose the poem of the same name by T.S. Eliot . It is scored for countertenor , tenor and baritone , again with piano accompaniment.Canticle # 5 ` The Death of Narcissus ' was written in 1974 , again he chose a poem by T. S. Eliot of the same name . Britten died the following year , and at the time of his writing of the last canticle , he was in the hospital recovering from heart surgery , so just as this Canticle dealt with death , so did his final opera : Death in Venice.All three singers on this disc are outstanding in every way . I was particularly impressed with the precise diction and emotional investment on their part . Combine this with the skillful accompaniment of Roger Vignoles , that adds so much to ther drama ; he is so astute at picking up every nuance of the singer as well as the music . The genius of Britten is herein displayed.The disc concludes with 3 very appealing Purcell songs ; `` Let the Dreadful Engines Roar '' sung by baritone Alan Opie - `` In the black dismal dungeon of despair ' sung by tenor Anthony Rolfe Johnson and MY FAVORITE RENDITION of the song ` An Evening Hymn ' by Michael Chance -LRB- countertenor -RRB- .
 This CD was n't the best I 've ever listen to , BUT it does have really good songs by Li , Sakura , and even a relly funny one by Kero !
 If you are into experimental music then check out El Guapo 's `` super/system '' . This is experimental indie rock that is actually listenable and fun .
 This album is like a world in itself . Great compositions displaying a very wide range of good musical taste from Adam Rogers . To me this confirms the impression I have got from listening to Rogers playing with David Binney , Scott Colley , Chris Minh Doky , Michael Brecker , etc , that means he is a truly innovator in the big field of jazzguitar . His lines represent the perfect match between knowing the tradition and pointing ahead . Original modern lines , as well as his innovative guitar-technique , using alot of sweeping combined with extremely legato picking.On this record also Edward Simon contributes with some amazing piano-playing , soloing elegantly end expressive on complex and harmonic advanced tunes . The band in itself really sounds like a band that has been playing together alot , with good communication between the players , Clarence Penn builds very well up on Adam Rogers and Edward Simons solos.If you like jazzguitarists or if you simply like to listen to good improvising players play well together buy this record !
 A delightful surprise at a bargain price ! After my previous exposure to Baxter 's big '50s show-tune orchestrations , his lounge exotica compositions , and his horror film soundtracks from the '60s and '70s -LRB- all of which I love -RRB- , this album turned me on to yet another facet of this great artist 's music . This album is effectively a re-release of `` Que Mango '' Baxter 's 1970 collaboration with the 101 Strings Orchestra , minus two cuts . The sound is smooth , sophisticated early 1970s at its best , with hints of both Latin and subtle R&B influences , and even a bit of electric guitar here and there . My only complaint is with the omission of the two tunes `` Morning On The Meadow '' and the rather pleasing instrumental cover of Neil Diamond 's `` Soolaimon '' , but at a price of under $ ... , and the unabridged `` Que Mango '' out of print , this album is a great deal and a must-have ! ** Addendum 01/28/2002 ** Clarification , this is * not * a bootleg or take-off release . Madacy is the current owner of all 101 Strings works , and the earlier Scamp reissue was by their permission . So three cheers to Madacy for choosing to keep this Baxter masterpiece available at such a bargain price , even if it is abridged by two tracks .
 I want to second everything said by Mr. Grimlan with respect to this album and Les Baxter 's output in general . Although I am extremely fond of Les 's 1940s-50s work in all genres , some of his 60s pop things -LRB- specifically , VOICES IN RHYTHM and COLORS OF BRAZIL/AFRICAN BLUE -RRB- continue to leave me cold . This 1970 album , however , exhibits none of the shortcomings of those earlier ones - the lukewarm performances , the generic guitar/bass work or the uncomfortably passe doo-wahs . No , this abbreviated QUE MANGO ! has real energy . It crackles - and not only is there not a bad track , but some of them -LRB- `` Que Mango '' , `` Tropicando '' , `` On a Warm Night '' , `` Felicia , My Love '' -RRB- stand easily with the best of Les 's work from his great 50s albums . Highly recommended even as it is at under 24 minutes .
 This is Jay 's best overall work . It contains energy , rhythm , excitement and virtuosity is wonderful bursts . Listen to the amazing rolls in the title song , `` Little Tiger '' as Jay shows off his understanding of several world music styles and rock & roll . Imagine , rock & roll on the vibes ! Buy this one .
 IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THE FUNKY SIDE OF JIMMY REED , HERE IT IS!JIMMY REED JR. . ON THE BASS GUITAR ADDS THE FUNKY TOUCH WITH THE ADDITIONS OF SOME WAH WAH PEDALS ON THE OTHER GUITARS ALSO ! ITS A LITTLE DIFFERENT THAN HIS OTHER MUSIC , BUT ITS IS STILL A GREAT CD !
 Jule Neigel is Germany 's best female singer and her first album was one of the most successful CDs ever released . It has everything good music is about . I would buy the CD again in a heartbeat .
 This box set could/should have come out while Orion -LRB- Jimy Ellis -RRB- was still with us . It presents many previously unreleased songs , some new duets not on his previous `` Duets '' & `` Trio '' lps from 1979 or so and much much more for the avid Orion fan . But if you are n't a fan yet , you surely should be after you hear this set . I understand that it made it all the way to number one best seller on Bear Familys ' charts and it 's easy to see why . If you 've ever been a fan of Elvis Presley , you will most certainly love Ellis ' vocal abilities . He is amazingly similar to Presley in sound , one of the reasons why he was unable to find greater success on his own . But I think you 'll agree , his sound is truly magic . AAA + + +
 This 4-CD Orion box set is missing a number of key cuts . Orion had 13 hits on the country charts during his days at Sun -LRB- two of which were anonymous overdubbed duets with Jerry Lee Lewis -RRB- , and five of them are not included on this box set . Granted , most of these were very minor hits , and some people might not care , but I collect chart hits and would have liked to have them all , especially when shelling out $ 100 for a box set . Overall , the choice of repertoire on the box set is very odd . Many Sun cuts are omitted in favor of the Elvis cover jobs Ellis did for the Boblo label , which are n't as interesting as his performances of songs Elvis did n't record . And if you 're going to include Boblo recordings , why not include some of his unique singles for that label , such as the song `` I 'm Not Trying To Be Like Elvis '' ? I also would have liked to see Ellis ' early Dradco single , his MCA single , and his 1973 Sun single on here , but they 're not . What you get are a hodge-podge of Sun and Boblo cuts , in no particular order , with an apparent emphasis on previously unreleased recordings rather than the commercially released sides . The biography is unusually brief for a Bear Family box set , and does n't have much to say about Ellis ' early life -- it mainly focuses on Shelby Singleton . I enjoy this set , but wish it had been organized chronologically . I also would have preferred having Orion 's complete Sun recordings over this mish-mash , but it 's a small miracle that an Orion box set exists at all .
 This box set is a MUST-HAVE for all Elvis/Orion fans alike . Booklet is fantastic . Songs are great . Ca n't wait till the next Orion box set !
 Orion 's , aka Jimmy Ellis , singing was indistinguishable from that of the great Elvis Presley . Although Orion covered a few of the King 's songs , most of his material was pure Orion . If you loved Elvis , then you must buy , grab , or purloin any Jimmy Ellis/Orion recording you come across . He was simply wonderful !
 IF you liked Elvis you certainly will enjoy any CD by Jimmy Ellis . It really brings back the Elvis sound.I bought a lot of his CD 's and would recommend all of them . When you listen to Ebony Eyes you would swear it was Elvis.As and Elvis fan this is like having new songs by Elvis . You will really enjoy Jimmy Ellis .
 This box set is a DEFINITE MUST for any Elvis afficiando . Great songs , no one does it better than Orion . He 's simply the greatest !
 This collection of songs by Orion -LRB- Jimmy Ellis -RRB- is excellent for anyone who loves the music of Elvis . Jimmy Ellis had a talent and a voice that was his own . In a `` Natural '' style that sounded so close to Presley , even Nipper the RCA dog had to use both ears ! The face of the man was covered by a mask -LRB- the idea of promoter Singleton -RRB- but his talent shines thru . A tragic career of managment problems , and an early death can not stop the great music legacy found in this 4 CD set .
 This cd is just so damm good ... if it was on a major jazz label it would have been such a great seller ... if u like your jazz UPFRONT an to THE POINT go for this ... Ms Dakota knows her way round any jazz blues song AND she sure knows how to bring out of that song what needs to be told.I say Sarah then Dakota in the vocal ranks ... I LOVE IT AND LOVE U MS DAKOTA , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
 What can one say of this wonderful jazz artist , this is another great cd , her articulation is supurb .
 okay what is this ? this is n't bush bush , like sixteen stone bush , right ? could someone please email and let me know ? bushmonkey7@juno.com . thanks .
 Bush is amazing . I just have the CD The Science of thing and I listen it every days.Warm Machine , The Chemical Between Us , Jesus Online and Letting the cable sleep are the best on the CD . If you like Foo Fighters , Creed , Live and Smashing Pumpkins , buy it right now !!! You 'll not be sad about your order .
 What a fantastic combination -- the incomparable Betty Johnson guesting with the Big Band with whom her daughter was a featured vocalist for some time . In hearing Ms. Johnson 's other albums still available on Amazon , we were longing for more up-to-date fidelity . It 's here and we THOROUGHLY enjoyed it , playing it over and over .
 Trey is one of those songwriters , and Sorta is one of those bands ; there 's more being communicated than just the lyrics . Think Wilco . Think Jayhawks . Think Ryan Adams - until he made himself an ass . Think Dylan.In short , think good.Buy the album ; resurrect American music .
 this is what wilco would sound like now if they had not turned into radiohead . first 6 songs are as strong as any record in the last 10 years .
 `` You 've been just about everywhere , except for where you oughta be , '' sings Trey Johnson , lead singer and principle songwriter of Dallas-based Sorta , on their second full-length offering , Little Bay . The line just about sums up the record , a restless romp through anxious , country-tinged alt.rock that evokes the solitary discontent of Exile on Main Street by way of Wilco 's AM . The album builds slowly , from the acoustic opener `` Sink or Swim , '' to the urgent , open-throated anthem `` Tidal Wave . '' Wedged betwixt the two are a batch of tunes as well-crafted as any you 're likely to encounter this year-the baleful drone of `` Fallinlove , '' the bouncy Travis-picking of `` To Jenny , '' and the tense jangle of `` Christmas Day , '' among other choice tracks . Johnson 's weathered vocals are those of a man who knows he ca n't go home again ; and if that meant he 'd stop writing songs like these , here 's hoping he never does.By Dave Sims , pastemagazine.com
 This band keeps getting better . Reminiscent of Dylan , Wilco , and sometimes the Old 97s . Great live and maybe even better on this disc .
 GREAT live !! And catchy tunes , too!Get this record for great `` Americana '' , roots , acoustic , thoughtful , whatever you wan na call it rock & roll.And catch them live if you have the opportunity!Check out their website @ http://www.sortaweb.com/
 PUR , now Germany 's most popular band , had originally never planned on releasing a live album , but by 1992 their audience 's calls for one became too loud to be ignored and PUR Live was recorded during a Germany-wide tour.From older pieces like `` Drachen sollen fliegen '' and `` Fallen '' to the songs that even relatively new PUR fans know by heart -LRB- `` Lena '' or `` Ohne Dich '' -RRB- , the band exemplifies its talents and hard work by producing stupendous songs live and without the benefit of a high-tech studio.PUR Live became the band 's most successful CD only weeks after its release . Now aware of the band and its quality music and lyrics , audiences in Germany and elsewhere have since then turned all of PUR 's CDs into record setting ones .
 A must have for any PUR fan , it is if full of classic songs such as `` Lena '' , `` Prinzessin '' and `` Drachen sollen fleigen '' . Great cd .
 Did you expect anything less than a 5 star rating for this recording ? Joey could do a great tenor-organ recording with one hand tied behind his back . This is swinging , exciting playing that equals any organ group you have heard . Tenor sax player Houston Person adds immeasurably to this group with his soulful playing . Joey 's long-time associates Paul Bollenback on guitar and Byron Landham on drums can not be improved on . The CD title `` All About My Girl '' is somewhat deceptive in that the songs are not all about girls , although we hear about `` Donna Lee '' and `` Sonny Gets Blue . '' To quote Joey , it is more about wanting `` to get together and do what we love , playing blues and standards . '' In fact , Joey calls this one of his favorite albums . Good luck in finding this out of print Muse label recording .
 Classic Jazz Piano was previously owned on a tape which eventually died I was pleased that the same much liked music was still available in cd not only as a download and at a reasonable price this will encourage me to ` up date '' some more of my ageing collection
 Listen up folks if you want to add to your music library . I know a little bit about good music , but of course that 's just my opinion.If any of you our there are fans of classic 70 's kind of music , this is a CD that is obscure but you should n't pass up . I looked for this album for nearly 10 years and finally found it about a year ago . It is now safely tucked away in my safety deposit box . That 's how good it is to me.If you like artists like Gino Vanelli or Steely Dan , you need to check this out . Roger has an absolutely stellar voice , and the musicianship -LRB- sp ? -RRB- on this CD are simply fantastic . These guys , who the heck ever they are are fantastic musicians.My favorite tune is , well you do n't really care about that , but trust me , please try this album , you wo n't be disappointed.Great voice , fantastic lyrics , touching melodies . I ca n't say enough good things about this album that I thought was lost to me forever . I wish he were still recording!A `` 10 '' -LRB- well `` 5 '' to Amazon -RRB- , if ever there was one .
 This early recording of Wilbur Hardin 's group , which featured John Coltrane for the recording dates on Savoy features the spirit of Trane in late bloom . On the verge of taking his own voice out front , releasing his debutGiant Stepsand soon conquering the jazz world . As a sideman Trane is restrained but the energy and intensity of his solos is evident . `` Oomba '' and `` Dial Africa '' features Trane in the early development of his sinewy Eastern sound that would later become part of his signature sound on such tracks as his beautiful rendition ofMy Favorite Things . If one complaint can be made is that Coltrane is not featured enough . This is an odd collection of songs from some Savoy recording sessions . More tracks are available from these sessions but I could not find them here at Amazon . There was an LP released in 1977 entitled `` John Coltrane-Wilbur Hardin Dial Africa The Savoy Sessions '' that features these three songs plus three others . One song in particular is exceptional entitled `` Once in a While '' which is a great ballad reminiscent of later works to come from Trane like the one 's featured onBallads
 Some have placed this music somewhere on the sliding scale between Labradford 's minimalism and Godspeed 's dynamics . An understandable shorthand , but likewise superficial . If you analyze how it 's put together , the music is drawing from a much broader palette . In the guitar i hear the classic R&B ; rhythms channeled by Eggs on their `` Exploder '' LP . And the construction of `` No Memory of the Airshow '' has more in common with Appalachian folk music -LRB- think Hobart Smith -RRB- than with anyone on the Kranky label . Slower , sure , and with radically different instrumentation , but the old feeling 's undeniable.In short , a record that grows more interesting over time .
 If you are only familiar with Josef Greindl 's interpretations of Wagner 's `` cave-man '' roles -LRB- Fasolt , Fafner , Hunding , Hagen , etc. -RRB- you are in for a treat . He has a tremendous brain controlling his gut . Listen to the light , trip-off-the-tongue singing like `` Maedchen Sind wie der Wind '' and parts of `` Die Heinzelmaenchen '' and `` Erlkoenig '' . -LRB- Loewe 's `` Erlkoenig '' is better than Schubert 's . -RRB- Other CDs which show Greindl 's intelligent side include his performance of Hans Sachs under Knappertsbusch in 1960 and his supportive ensemble work in the double CD set that contains Haydn 's St Cecilia Mass and Mozart 's Coronation Mass. . Listen to the phrase `` Dona nobis Pacem '' in the latter work.UPDATE
 Charlie Adams is one of those great artists who some how slipped through the cracks and never quite made it to the fame that he deserved ! But thanks to Bear Family , Charlie Adams is back in circulation with tunes like the title track `` Cattin ' Around '' , which really bounces . Other uptempo western swing numbers like `` T.T. Boogie '' , `` Baby Let Me Kindle Your Flame '' and `` I 'm an Army Man '' are balanced with down right honky tonk tunes that hit the mark that modern day country music ca n't even get close to . Songs like `` I 'm A Railroad Daddy '' and `` I 'm Gon na Put My Foot Down '' are the kind of songs that parallel Hank Williams Sr. in style . Mournful ballads and weepers round out the album 's content with songs like `` My Blue Monday '' and `` I 'll Remember Your Love In My Prayers '' . Two of the songs on this album could probably have been left off but they do speak of the era . I 'm sure that had Charlie Adams known what we know now , he probably would never have recorded `` Hey Liberace '' . This novelty tune is even funnier knowing Librace 's sexual preferences , the lyrics are forgivable knowing the era that they were written and the song itself is a great arrangement . Pistol Packin ' Mama is done very well too , but it 's just a song that 's been done to death - again a reflection of the times . Over all - if your looking for how country music should really sound , this is the disc for you ! This is a disc that you 'll have a hard time taking out of your player !
 I got this movie for my two daughters , and they loved it . Now , they ask to watch Bah ya Bah every day ! My wife and I appreciate the fact that in addition to being entertaining , this movie teaches vaulable moral lessons . This is definately a movie the whole family can watch together .
 Once again the Compost crew devestate with this collection that is sure to please those who refuse to be pigeonholed . With sounds running the spectrum from jazzual house to brokenbeat experimentation . Definately one for the repeat button . Sureshot selections include tracks by super inovator Phil Asher with his Restless Soul project , Austrian beatmeister Earthbound and footstomping mayhem from Japans U.F.O exclusive unreleased tracks ! If you fancy yourself a conniseur of the outernational jazz dance scene then this is the soundtrack for you ! Kinda like an audio edition of Wallpaper magazine if you can catch the vibe .
 My Trans-metropolitan counterpart beneath me definitely describes this cd well . I love the reference to Wallpaper , perhaps the greatest magazines ever -LRB- with Surface , Homme , and maybe Metropolitan Home -RRB- not far behind.But I digress ... This cd , as with all of the releases in this series is excellent . Tosca 's contribution is , of course , amazing . However , the entire width and breadth of this release is one that permanenty stays in the player.However , I would strongly urge you to seek out `` Volume Five '' of this series . It offers your senses two cd 's of the finest Compost has to offer . I found it a local vendor , new , for an amazing price -LRB- under $ 15 -RRB- . A very , very worthwhile release ... will not disappoint you .
 This CD has instrumental experimental Jazz and near trance synthesizer pieces . Some of the rhythm patterns have a Latin flavor and feel very danceable . Others remind me of chill out lounge music . A few selections have some subdued vocals that are more part of the background rather than the foreground . I enjoyed the selections and liked working with them in the background . I have not heard the other volumes in the series and so I can not compare them with each other . My only reservations about this collection is that the mood between selections is not always consistent , some are more mellow and some are more lively . But the mood of the CD is more consistent than a lot of collections I have heard . Some of the pieces are more experimental than the others and are interesting studies . Two of them felt slightly dissident to me , but the experimental sound still felt worth hearing .
 The Westminster Cathedral Choir does consistently fine work
 The choir of Westminster Cathedral righlty enjoy their reputation as world class liturgical musicians and their current Master , Martin Baker , has continued and augmented the tradition of musical and liturgical excellence for which his choir is renown.This disk is not new , but revisiting it at Christmas each year is a pure joy . Whilst it is something of a liturgical melange between the older Roman rite of Vespers and the monastic rite , and is probably not a recording of Vespers as ever celebrated at Westminster Cathedral , it collects the finest elements of the tradition and and arranges them in a liturgical order - which makes for a beautiful CD exsquisitely rendered . Without doubt it is worth its price for the recording of the Christmas Vesper hymn ` Christe redemptor omnium ' alone , but there is much here for those who love the chant and the liturgy .
 Once again the Westminster Cathedral Choir has done a superb job ! I wish there were cathedral choirs like this in the US .
 The Westminster Cathedral choir is renown & every recording I have of theirs seems better than the next . This collection of sung Vespers for Christmas is simply glorious . The mixture of mens ' & boys ' voices is outstanding , as is the mix of Gregorian chant with polyphonic music . The amazing pipe organ pieces were an unexpected bonus . A wonderful way to celebrate the Nativity of the Lord . I may give this as a Christmas gift to my fellow choristers next year .
 I love this sublime , spiritual , reverent , and beautiful recording of sacred Christmas music . If I live long enough to celebrate Christmas in the 22nd century , I will no doubt be still listening to this CD .
 VERY GOOD ALBUM , BUT WOULD N'T PAY THAT MUCH FOR IT . YOU CAN FIND IT ON ITUNES FOR $ 8 .
 IT 'S OLD SCHOOL JAMS !!! I HAVE SEARCHED AND SEARCHED FOR THIS CD FOR THE LONGEST . I HAVE FINALLY FOUND IT !!! NOW I HAVE TO PURCHASE IT .
 A friend shared this record with me after seeing Ela open for another band we enjoy . If you are an indie-rock dork , you should give this a shot . no clue where these guys are from . There are a few great , memorable tracks on this record . `` I Dont Know If Its Helping '' probably made more of an impact than any other for me . If you are into the Dismemberment Plan , Superchunk , Archers Of Loaf etc , this records would fit in your arsenal . And for the LOw Low price on Amazon , why not ? Hell , skeet shooting clay pigeons are more expensive than this cd so if ya end up not liking it ... `` Pull ! ''
 Gerald Barry is in town in Los Angles for the world premiere of his opera THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING ERNEST commissioned by the Los Angeles Philharmonic . Though this is not by any means his first visit to the orchestra -LRB- his opera ` The Triumph of Beauty and Deceit ' was given its US premiere in 2006 with the same conductor - Thomas Ad&egrave;s - who also conducts the current premiere -RRB- it does serve to remind the audience of just what an interesting and unique composer he is . This CD is much different form his operas
 Wow , I 'm surprised to see this available here . Horizont 's `` Silent Moon '' is a classic New Age album from 1986 . It was readily available for a few years , then totally disappeared ; this disc is EXTREMELY hard to find now . This album is a good mix of new age and `` space jazz '' . Most of the synths used here are now obsolete , and they sound great . The title track is definitely the outstanding track on the disc , but others are great as well . If you were to compare to other artists , it would be kind of like combining Vangelis , Jean Michel Jarre , and Dave Grusin -LRB- the more jazzy tracks are Grusin-esque -RRB- . Overall a good listen and a great representation of the greatest era in new age music . Too bad the cover art is not available here , it 's awesome . If I get a chance I will scan my copy and post it . Grab this while you can , you may not see it again for a long long time .
 For years now , whenever I 'm in a contemplative mood , this has been one of my favorite `` go to '' albums . These rich , harmonic melodies will help you relax without having to suffer the banalities of `` muzak . ''
 This is a great one . Fine playing and incomparable singing make this a real treat - it 's rarely out of the CD player at my house . The version of Galway Bay is worth the price of the CD.Update 5 years later
 This is such a cherished CD in my Celtic collection . The vocal harmonies are just incredible - it gives you chills . This is Irish music at its best .
 This recording of Parsifal is one of the best ever made . The sound is excellent , and the Bavarian Radio Orchestra , paced by Kubelik , plays superbly ! The singers are all excellent . James King , in the title role , does not have the vocal heft of a true heldentenor , or `` tenore di forza . '' So his potrayal is not in the mode of , say , Domingo , Vickers , or Thomas . Yet his contribution is quite poignant and heartfelt , and so he makes the role credible . Just listen to his `` Amfortas ! Die wunde ! '' in the second act , and you 'll know what I mean . Yvonne Minton does not have the powerful mezzo-soprano of some of her predecessors in the role of Kundry , such as Dalis or Gorr . But she has a beatiful voice and compelling musicianship . Likewise , Bernd Weikl and Matti Salminen as Amfortas and Titurel , respectively , are in fine vocal estate , and make powerful contributions in their roles . The stand out performance , however , goes to Kurt Moll as Gurnemanz . I own five recordings of `` Parsifal , '' and do not believe there will ever be as great a Gurnemanz as Moll . As a German his diction is flawless . As are his line , tone , and the pathos , depth , and heartfelt characterization he brings to the role . Luxury casting has Lucia Popp as the first flowermaiden.The three best Parsifal recordings I have ever heard are
 If you 're tired of the `` who can conduct Parsifal most slowly '' contest , this is a wonderful recording . Makes the opera sound like a dramatic fifth opera of the Ring rather than a infinitely lugubrious funeral . Orchestral balance wonderfully modulated , very , very good cast . Highly recommended .
 There are many very fine recordings of Parsifal in the catalog . In fact , it 's difficult to find a poor performance . The highlight of this production is the magisterial Gurnemanz of Kurt Moll -- possibly the best rendition ever . He is ablely supported by the poet of the baton Rafael Kubelik and a virile James King as Parsifal , also possibly his best recorded role ever . The recording has a wide and deep sound stage with excellent sonics . I enjoyed listening to this excellent studio rendition . Wagnerian singing of the highest standards.This recording is near the top of my favorite stereo studio editions along with Karajan 's also fine rendition on DG recorded the same year as this one -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . For the historically minded , I would recommend Krauss 's 1953 Bayreuth live air check or Knappertsbusch 's 1951 Bayreuth live recording on Decca . Karajan 's live Vienna aircheck from 1961 on RCA is also interesting , but sounds older than the earlier recommendations .
 Who are the great post-War Wagner conductors ? Knappertsbusch ? Krauss ? Solti ? Karajan -LRB- if that 's your taste -RRB- ? Barenboim ? Goodall ? For the connoisseurs , perhaps , there 's Kempe and Keilberth . Maybe even Jochum . But the list seldom includes Kubelik . Yet on disc there 's a wonderfully conducted Lohengrin , let down by Gwyneth Jones on one of her squallier days , but enhanced by a beautiful Elsa from Janowitz . There 's what is probably the best all round Meistersinger on disc which is again wonderfully conducted . And there 's this Parsifal.This is Wagner conducting of the first order on practically all counts . First , orchestral balance . Kubelik is wonderfully sensitive to the combinations and colours of Wagner 's score , inspired by the unique acoustic the composer had created at Bayreuth . To take just the Prelude , the balance between strings and clarinet , followed by the addition of the cor anglais in the opening theme is judged to perfection . Then the repeat of the same theme on the trumpet over pulsing 3 +2 chords in the upper woodwind and arpeggio strings cuts through just as it should . Come the development section the addition of Horn 1 to Horn 3 at the top of the arch of that same melody enriches the texture perfectly . And so it goes on right through the opera.Then the pacing . Overall , Kubelik strikes a happy median between Knappertsbusch and Boulez . But he understand the ebb and flow of the piece so well , the mastery of what Wagner called ` the Art of Transition ' . So the profounder moments in the Grail Castle have all the space and air they need while much of Act 2 is taken at an urgent , exciting pace . Indeed , unlike most conductors , Kubelik seems to see the Second Act as the crux of the piece . -LRB- In this he goes along with Wieland Wagner whose graphic chart of the Parsifal Cross showing all the action radiating from the kiss is well worth investigating . -RRB- In retrospect , the whole opera under Kubelik seems to be one great , balanced arch with the Kiss as its keystone . And this is the most comprehensive and fulfilling performance of this Act that I know.Finally , Kubelik really brings out the modernity of the piece to the full . Harmonically , much of Parsifal and especially Act 3 mark a huge advance over anything in Tristan . And here you also have all those stark juxtapositions of the chromatic with the squarely diatonic -LRB- e.g. the Faith motif and the Dresden Amen theme -RRB- . What I 've never noticed before listening to this performance is how advanced it is rhythmically as well . So many of those chromatic themes and motifs involve syncopations and tied notes across bar-lines that totally do away with the tyranny of the bar . It is often as hard to tell where you are rhythmically as it is harmonically . Which , of course , is exactly what Wagner intendedThe singers , it has to be said , are not quite in the same league as their conductor . The outstanding performance here is Yvonne Minton 's Kundry . One of the best ` Ich sah das Kinds ' I know ; a very sexy , seductive lead into the kiss ; true tragic angst as she recalls laughing at Christ ; hair-raising and scary when she starts threatening . Her intonation is also wonderfully exact in all those creepy chromatic phrases , slipping up or down by semitone steps . Moll 's performance is streets ahead of what he gave under Levine 's lethargic direction , but he still ca n't quite stop Gurnemanz turning into a bit of a bore with his Act 1 narration in a way that a Weber or a Hotter always avoided . King is a sound Parsifal -LRB- as he is for Boulez -RRB- while never raising the hairs on the back of your neck as Vickers could at points like ` Amfortas ! Die Wunde ! ' . Weikl is good but not great . Mazura sings Klingsor 's part most musically -LRB- no barking -RRB- , but only Hermann Uhde seemed able to turn the character into something more than a pantomime villain . Salminen 's Titurel is impressive but unremittingly forte . The Flowermaidens can be a bit shrill with the exception of the lovely Lucia Popp.The sound -LRB- from a Bavarian Radio recording of 1980 -RRB- is not top flight by today 's highest standards , but more than good enough to hear all of Kubelik 's mastery of this score . And make no mistake . This is masterly conducting , well worth hearing .
 Raphael Kubelik conducts a first-rate cast and orchestra in a performance of Parsifal that is at once profoundly satisfying both emotionally and intellectually . The orchestral playing is wonderfully clear and precise and at the same time rich and deep in sound . The singers have clearly lived into their roles , even though this is not a recording of a staged performance . I suspect that the members of this cast have sung these roles together on stage ; they come across as a seasoned ensemble , used to working together . Some critics have found James King a bit ragged in the final act , but I can not hear this ; I hear only the voice of an empathic artist portraying a man undergoing radical and painful transformation . Parsifal 's healing hurts.Why is this recording , not released until 2003 -LRB- a shame in itself -RRB- , already out of print or at least not easily available in the United States ???? Perhaps Audite , the in-house label of the Bavarian State Radio Orchestra , will pick it up and include it in their ongoing release of masterful performances under Kubelik 's baton .
 I 'm very picky about Wagner recordings , and if the ensemble as a whole does n't work for me , I usually can never give it the stars it deserves . Kubelik 's Parsifal though , deserves all the stars amazon.com can offer . Albeit the fact that this recording was vaulted due to the popularity of the deservedly famous Karajan Berlin set , I can not stop praising the several merits of this recording . First and foremost , the soloists in this recording are simply outstanding . At his age , James King sings an excellently vocalized and dramatically right Parsifal . The voice may not have the bloom of youth possessed by Jess Thomas or Peter Hofmann , but it truly is a golden voice . Kurt Moll is the best Gurnemanz of the discography , and this is his best performance of the role . He surpasses his Gurnemanz under Levine and slightly that of Karajan 's . He uses his ability as a lieder singer to highlight the emotional moments that make this role so distinct that I could n't help but feel moved by this benchmark performance . Yvonne Minton sings the most wonderful Kundry in the discography , and I find that I have never heard a better mezzo soprano act out the role better than her or Christa Ludwig . The dementia and seductiveness is all there , and that soft moan at the beginning of act 3 is to die for . Bernd Weikl sings a typical Amfortas , although he does outshine many other singers in the discography save Jose Van Dam in the Karajan recording . The highlight of this recording though , is Rafael Kubelik 's transparent and emotionally saturated conducting of Wagner 's score . I think that after Karajan 's set , this is the Parsifal to own . Highly recommended .
 I thought that the Karajan was unbeatable until I discovered this recording , long held in the DG vaults for reasons of petty jealousies and politicking . It is superior to every other account by virtue of Kubelik 's masterly pacing ; he achieves both a spiritual dimension somewhat beyond -LRB- what now seems like -RRB- the merely polished achievement of Karajan . Kurt Moll possessed surely the most beautiful post-war Wagnerian bass and he is caught here in his absolute prime ; there is more nuance , more resonance and more drama than in his slightly later assumption of the role with Karajan . The orchestra are superb and although other reviewers have found the sound wanting , I do not ; it seems to me incomparably clear and spacious . Again , some reviewers have found fault with the singing ; I find that Minton 's Kundry , one or two strained top notes apart , achieves the perfect balance between vulnerability and animal passion . King achieves the miracle of making believable Parsifal 's transition from boyish oaf to a hero , enlightened by compassion ; he is very careful in how he enunciates and inflects the text and sings both softly and heroically . Frank Mazura 's Klingsor sounds uncannily like Gustav Neidlinger 's Alberich in the famous Solti `` Ring '' - and that is meant to be a high compliment . The Flower maidens , headed by Lucia Popp , are a seductive bunch ; perhaps the only slight disappointment comes from Weikl 's rather exterior Amfortas , but his was a fine voice at that time - not too much of the bleat which now intrudes - and he makes a fine job of the three climactic utterances of `` Erbarmen '' in his big aria . I stll miss the sheer beauty of Van Dam in Karajan 's set , or perhaps the heft of London - a different approach from Van Dam 's inward , lyrical interpretation , but mightily impressive , nonetheless - but as a whole this recording is by far the most moving , authoritative and absorbing of this towering masterpiece .
 I had decided not to review my favorite studio recording of Parsifal because so many others had already said most of what I had to say . But after listening to the 2nd Act on my lunch hour today , I find I need to blow off some happy steam and share a few thoughts.Much for the same reason as Kubelik 's `` Meistersinger '' was supressed to clear the market for Karajan 's inferior recording , this Parsifal languished in the vault for more than twenty years . It is a great pity and shame that one conductor can wield that much power , to the detrement of his collegues , and the loss of the opera-loving public.Rafael Kubelik 's flawlessly proportioned , profoundly felt reading of this most ephemeral of Wagner 's operas equals the best of Knapperstbusch 's live Bayreuth performances with all the advantages of a studio recording
 Probably the finest Parsifal on CD , and certainly the best sung . The late , great James King pours out streams of magnificent , impassioned tone . -LRB- It 's beyond me why so many reviewers think we need to turn to the relatively pinched , monotonous and unidiomatic Domingo for beautiful Wagner singing . Nein danke . -RRB- Kurt Moll is everything he 's cracked up to be , and Kubelik conducts as authoritatively as in his Meistersinger -LRB- also probably the best available recording , rivalled only by Kempe -RRB- . The clincher is Bernd Weikl , a ringing , virile baritone , a fine actor , and easily the greatest Amfortas I 've heard . Compare the critics ' favorites in the role , Fischer-Dieskau and Van Dam , and you 'll find their top notes painful in way that ca n't really blamed on the character 's wound . -LRB- Let 's hope it 's not long before a DVD release of the Bayreuth video with Weikl and the young Siegfried Jerusalem , Horst Stein conducting . -RRB- A quibble
 While everyone has their favorite studio recording of Wagner 's final masterpiece , this one , sung by Wagnerian tenor James King , is one of the finest ever sung . Today , Parsifal has been interpreted in an entirely different way . Placido Domingo debuted at Bayreuth as Parsifal , and sings it in a more lyrical , relaxed but dynamic manner . Rene Kollo has a similar lyric style . Jon Vickers sang the role on stage and used bravado . James King , with enough experience singing Wagner behind him , sings Parsifal in this 1982 recording which is actually the soundtrack to the controversial and post-modern German film . James King , though in his old age , sings with enough strength and character vitality that we are wholly convinced he is the foolish knight , who journeys from innocence to maturity and spiritual enlightenment . Though troubled by his unknown past , tempted by Kundry and the Flower Maidens , quite possibly has some Freudian/Oedipal love for his mother , he proves to be the one knight , the `` Chosen One '' who can save the cursed land of the Grail and restore peace and heal the wound of the dying Amfortas . The Holy Grail looms large over the story . It brings redemption through compassion . It is ultimately Kundry who is healed and transformed from wild outcast -LRB- she mocked Christ on the Cross -RRB- to a woman so possessed by the spiritual power of God and Christ 's love that she faints in the final scene . Kundry is another voice-killer for sopranos or mezzo sopranos who sing her . Time and again , dramatic mezzos have fared better in the role . Yvonne Minton was perhaps the only mezzo soprano after Christa Ludwig who sings Kundry with enough pathos and power to make her compelling and dramatically appealing . Minton has a voice that is both beautiful and on hte edge . Hers is my favorite Kundry . Her vocal duets/scenes with King are sensational . Kubelik conducts with enough attention to subtleties and color that this is most likely the most lush and expressive Parsifal ever made . It is not religiously bombastic as Karajan 's edition . Many still find Knapperbutsch 's recording the best but Kubelik had a mystical approach to the work that is unlike anything I 've ever heard .
 This is a superlative recording and I dare say , this is the one that takes first prize . I have 8 other recordings of Parsifal -LRB- Goodall , Jordan , Kegel , Knappertsbuschx2 , Krauss , Stein and von Karajan -RRB- . While I find von Karajan 's conducting and the BPO/Chorus to be sheer , unsurpassed beauty , von Karajan 's Parsifal -LRB- Hofmann -RRB- is the worst I have ever heard -LRB- it 's shocking how such a thing could have been permitted to mar such a beautiful recording !! -RRB- . Both Kubelik and von Karajan produced STUNNING stereo , studio recordings and have the best Gournemantz in my opinion
 This Parsifal is the second best stereo Parsifal on disc tied with Solti 's , lesser only to Kna 's transcendent 62 philips with Hotter , London , Thomas , etc. . Among more modern versions , it outranks Barenboim and Karajan . The cast is sensational.Kurt Moll turns in his finest Gurnemanz with a voice in much better form than for either Levine -LRB- CD \ DVD -RRB- . Weikl , as Amfortas -LRB- of course -RRB- perrforms at his usual excellent standard . Salminen is the perfect Titurael and Franz Mazura is tremendously better than his later performance on the Levine DVD . James King is a very good Parsifal , one of the best on disc-though here I do prefer Siegfried Jerusalem only on the Barenboim recording.Despite such a stellar cast , the real star of the show is Kubelik . Wagnerites already know this from his Meistersinger -LRB- also the best modern version-if not the best overall -RRB- and his Lohengrin on DG.His reading is very unique and tender , but never sacrifices any of the natural flow that Levine does-his reading is one of the most profound on disc made immediately apparent even from the opening Prelude when each tutti is done with the utmost clarity and refinement-really I have never heard a finer or more careful -LRB- in a good way -RRB- job by a conductor with the exception of KNA . For those who love Parsifal , like myself , you must get this . It is absolutely a must , as essential as the KNA . I have to admit , the KNA is still my favourite-but this really allowed me to hear this work in a fresh , beautiful way that I hadnt done in a long while.Gurnemanz is one of , if not my favourite Wagner character . I consider the finest to be Hotter and Griendl with Frick for Solti coming in a close second followed by this performance by Moll to be a third -LRB- again I must emphasize THIS performance , not the Levine when his voice is lighter and more strained at times . As Amfortas , I consider Londons 62 to be the most convincingly tender , suffering , and angelic performance ever-just listen to his intro when he sings about the grace of the morning -RRB- , along with Hotter and Thomas Hampson-James King does a fine job as Parsifal-though at times I found him to be , at times and only briefly , a little kitschy . I adore Jerusalems Barenboim account . Here Yvonne Minton turns in a fine kundry , though Waltrued Meier takes the cake-again with Barenboim and Nagano . Niedlinger has always been my favourite Klingsor especially the 54 KNA , along with Roar from the Stein DVD . Hotter , with Solti , and this Salminen interp have been my favoutite Titurels.If you buy only one parsifal , buy the Philips KNA -LRB- 62 -RRB- . If you are going to be two , then buy this one along with that . I also strongly recommend finding a performance of KNA \ 54 with Josef Griendl as Gurnemanz . My DVD preferences include the Horst Stein for tradionalists and the Kent Nagano for those seeking new ways to see Wagner.Buy it before it disappears into the ivory tower in the desert , never to be heard from again . It already happened once .
 Those fortunate few familiar with Kubelik 's Meistersinger know to expect great things from this Parsifal , especially when considering such a bedazzling cast . Salminen plays Titurel , Moll as Gurnemanz , Weikl as Amfortas , King as Parsifal , Y.Minton as Kundry , and Franz Mazura as Klingsor -LRB- Lucia Popp also has several small roles -RRB- . On disc , this surpasses Karajan , Levine and Barenboim , though is not quite as extraordinary as the KNA -LRB- though nothing is . -RRB- What is great about this , for those who have many performances of this extraordinary opera , is how different Kubelik and his Bavarian forces sound . There is more warmth to the strings here than with KNA , yet more of an authentic Wagner sound than the Karajan.Kurt Moll , as always -LRB- at the time -RRB- is about perfect . His voice is hauntingly beautiful and unique and in much better form than the LEvine CD -LRB- where he sounds very strained -RRB- . Wiekl is good , though no one has ever come close to George London -LRB- just listen to the beauty of his opening lines in the KNA and you will see what I mean -RRB- I do prefer the squires here -LRB- as small as their role is -RRB- Their lines arent done in the standard mimeque manner but are sung more beautifully than I recall hearing anywhere else.I have read other places people complaining about Minton as Kundry but that is really non-sense . She is just fine and I am sure you will agree.Dont hesitate to buy this-only the KNA is better.For those seeking a DVD version-I recommend Horst Stein , new remastered on DVD from DG . -LRB- Though Levine 's boring performance has Moll . -RRB-
 One listen to Wilder 's big trumpet sound on the relaxed treatment of `` Cherokee '' , and you will be hooked . Shades of Fats Navarro and Clifford Brown . Stellar support by Hank Jones on piano . A relaxed , happy , well-played session by a group of masters .
 1 . Suerte - Shakira2 . Si Te Vas - Shakira3 . Ojos Asi - Shakira4 . Te Aviso , Te Anuncio - Shakira5 . Objection - Shakira6 . Tu - Shakira7 . Sombra De Ti - Shakira8 . Que Me Quedes Tu - Shakira9 . Te Dejo Madrid - Shakira10 . Octavo Dia - Shakira11 . Ciega , Sordomuda - Shakira12 . No Creo - Shakira
 everybody party with this beach boys cd
 this cd is a very good mix of punk harcore and humar . although its not as good as their last record its still worth buying . i wish they would go back to playing punk though their new stuff isnt very good .
 Once again the Compost crew devestate with this collection that is sure to please those who refuse to be pigeonholed . With sounds running the spectrum from jazzual house to brokenbeat experimentation . Definately one for the repeat button . Sureshot selections include tracks by super inovator Phil Asher with his Restless Soul project , Austrian beatmeister Earthbound and footstomping mayhem from Japans U.F.O exclusive unreleased tracks ! If you fancy yourself a conniseur of the outernational jazz dance scene then this is the soundtrack for you ! Kinda like an audio edition of Wallpaper magazine if you can catch the vibe .
 My Trans-metropolitan counterpart beneath me definitely describes this cd well . I love the reference to Wallpaper , perhaps the greatest magazines ever -LRB- with Surface , Homme , and maybe Metropolitan Home -RRB- not far behind.But I digress ... This cd , as with all of the releases in this series is excellent . Tosca 's contribution is , of course , amazing . However , the entire width and breadth of this release is one that permanenty stays in the player.However , I would strongly urge you to seek out `` Volume Five '' of this series . It offers your senses two cd 's of the finest Compost has to offer . I found it a local vendor , new , for an amazing price -LRB- under $ 15 -RRB- . A very , very worthwhile release ... will not disappoint you .
 This CD has instrumental experimental Jazz and near trance synthesizer pieces . Some of the rhythm patterns have a Latin flavor and feel very danceable . Others remind me of chill out lounge music . A few selections have some subdued vocals that are more part of the background rather than the foreground . I enjoyed the selections and liked working with them in the background . I have not heard the other volumes in the series and so I can not compare them with each other . My only reservations about this collection is that the mood between selections is not always consistent , some are more mellow and some are more lively . But the mood of the CD is more consistent than a lot of collections I have heard . Some of the pieces are more experimental than the others and are interesting studies . Two of them felt slightly dissident to me , but the experimental sound still felt worth hearing .
 It 's great . A dance classic . A must have .
 `` Howyoudoin '' by the late great RSW represents everything that was right about early 90 's electronica . Strictly formulaic & predictable genres had n't quite taken hold yet , and rampant experimentation was the norm amongst these newfangled electronic artists . RSW was one of the most difficult to pin down , as they dabbled in big beat , rap , trance , dub and house , often with an underlying punk rock aesthetic . They had a lot of ideas and knew how to turn them into catchy-as-hell tunes.I consider `` Howyoudoin ' '' to be their best work , as it incorporates so many styles seamlessly into one cohesive album . It 's alternatively funky , dubby , frequently tongue-in-cheek , and the beats kick serious ass . It was released in 1994 , but it sounds fresh . Highly recommended .
 This album , released in 1994 , is a great place to begin to assemble the pieces of today 's garage movement in the UK , probably one of the greates bands no one has ever heard of , Renegade Soundwave made 10 brilliant songs on this album , the only reason it only gets 4 stars is because it 's a little outdatted . The best songs on the album are Renegade Soundwave , Blast 'Em out , and Funky Dropout . This is cool cd to sneak out on ususpecting partiers , and kick it old school .
 Pops Staples ' guitar work and songwriting style is echoed in the MOST unlikely places -- rockabilly , the Rolling Stones -LRB- compare the Staples ' `` the last time '' to the Stones ' version -RRB- . Mavis is one of the least well-known and most powerful gospel singers ever recorded . People used to faint at their concerts.No collection of 20th century American music is complete without the Staple Singers ' early work.And be careful
 Wonderful 50 's recordings originally released on the vee-jay label out of Chicago . This is sparse , blues drenched gospel music at it 's finest . From Pops swampy tremelo laden guitar to the powerful alto of Mavis , the Staples prove time and time again there 's truth in that ol' musical saying , `` less is more '' . Pops humbly display 's his delta roots throughout this sanctified session , serving us sampling after tasteful sampling of the fret work which he absorbed as a youth witnessing the legendary Charlie Patton perform on Mississippi 's Dockery Plantation . It do n't git more honest than this !
 Man , some of the reviewers here are idiots . Did they even watch the piece ? Yeah it is a bunch of non-band members talking about the album , but the people are knowledgable , as well as for the one idiot who said what makes these people experts ... Lets see , one of them was Tony Platt ... the ENGINEER ON THE ALBUM , so I think the guy who put down all of the tracks and was in the studio knows a little something about the album . Tons of stories , archive footage , and if anything the information I have later researched is dead on
 This is a very interesting and historic soundtrack performed by Marcos Valle and their guests -LRB- not called at that time yet -RRB- Azymuth recorded in 1973 ; actually , this was not the first time they teamed up for a recording.Anyway , many of the tracks have clips -LRB- in Portuguese , English and French -RRB- from the movie , mixed with Emerson Fittipaldi 's Formula 1 's engine along with the great music Marcos and Azymuth were already performing back then.Tracks are -LRB- not included here in Amazon 's page -RRB- :1 . Fittipaldi Show2 . Tema de Maria Helena3 . Vitoria4 . Rindt5 . Acidente6 . Vinheta I7 . Vinheta II8 . Azimuth -LRB- Mil Milhas -RRB- 9 . Tema de Maria Helena10 . VirabrequimHistoric and a true collectible ; so if you love Brazilian Jazz , Marcos Valle , Azymuth or Formula One ; this is a must-have all the way .
 This is a very interesting and historic soundtrack performed by Marcos Valle and their guests -LRB- not called at that time yet -RRB- Azymuth recorded in 1973 ; actually , this was not the first time they teamed up for a recording.Anyway , many of the tracks have clips -LRB- in Portuguese , English and French -RRB- from the movie , mixed with Emerson Fittipaldi 's Formula 1 's engine along with the great music Marcos and Azymuth were already performing back then.Tracks are -LRB- not included here in Amazon 's page -RRB- :1 . Fittipaldi Show2 . Tema de Maria Helena3 . Vitoria4 . Rindt5 . Acidente6 . Vinheta I7 . Vinheta II8 . Azimuth -LRB- Mil Milhas -RRB- 9 . Tema de Maria Helena10 . VirabrequimHistoric and a true collectible ; so if you love Brazilian Jazz , Marcos Valle , Azymuth or Formula One ; this is a must-have all the way .
 OK . I like this ep . It 's kinda like if you took team dresch , the need , elastica & sleater-kinney and smashed them all together , this is what it would sound like . I was only gon na give it 4 stars ` cos i think it 's too short but i decided that was n't fair since it is just an ep afterall ... anyway , these grrls rawk so there you go .
 This is not a review , it 's a rave . This is not some piece of self-conscious , tricked out , contempo ironic -LRB- the knowing wink in the voice -RRB- , cooler than thou vocabulary popcorn or breathy lil grrl prom panic whine . This is real music . The full range of expression . It will move you . Watch out .
 OK . I like this ep . It 's kinda like if you took team dresch , the need , elastica & sleater-kinney and smashed them all together , this is what it would sound like . I was only gon na give it 4 stars ` cos i think it 's too short but i decided that was n't fair since it is just an ep afterall ... anyway , these grrls rawk so there you go .
 This is one of the most remarkable piano recordings I 've heard in recent years . Hewitt manages to convey the fierce intensity and structural rigor of these sonatas without , as some pianists do , disdaining the piano 's possibilities of shading and coloration . Her Beethoven never becomes an ascetic , puritanical scold -- as , say , Rudolf Serkin 's occasionally did -LRB- e.g. , his Hammerklavier , impossible not to respect but difficult to love -RRB- . I compared the two early sonatas , op. 7 and op. 10 # 3 , with the recent recordings by Andras Schiff , an artist I esteem highly . As fine as Schiff 's performances are , Hewitt 's are even better . She takes the Largo e mesto of op. 10 # 3 at a daringly slow tempo -- 11 minutes to Schiff 's 8 -- and inflects it with astonishingly delicacy and varied tonal colors . In Schiff 's reading , the movement looks back toward Haydn ; in Hewitt 's , it points forward toward Chopin . Both are legitimate approaches , but Hewitt 's simply took my breath away -- she infuses this movement with a magic I do n't find in Goode , Nat , or Schiff , three first-rate Beethoven players . In the slow movement of op. 7 , Schiff 's tempo is slightly slower than Hewitt 's -LRB- 8:56 vs. 8:28 -RRB- , but Hewitt 's reading is a little bit more lyrical and spontaneous-sounding . In the faster movements , honors are more evenly divided
 In the past decade , Pianist Angela Hewitt has developed quite a following from her dedication to her favorite composers and going deep within their repertoire . First a monumental Bach cycle , then the complete works of Ravel and three CD 's of wonderful Couperin pieces along with the Chopin Noctures and a brilliant rendering of Chambrier 's fascinating music . Hewitt now turns her attention to the legendary piano sonatas of Beethoven -LRB- but makes no promises for any complete cycles according to Gramophone -RRB- . All the above quality recordings has earned Hewitt the coveted 2006 Gramophone Artist award -LRB- as voted by readers -RRB- . In this set of three sonatas , Hewitt thankfully avoids the standard formula of first going after the `` name sonatas '' and treats the listener to two other less famous , but quite remarkable earlier sonatas . At over 28 minutes , the Op. 7 -LRB- Sonata # 4 -RRB- is the longest of the early sonatas and clearly shows Beethoven as a master composer already . Hewitt is known for bringing out the charm within a piece and surely does this in the frolicking Allegro and lilting Rondo movements . However , in both the slow movements of both works , her pace is notably slower and more reflective than most , which some listeners may find unfitting . Her explanation is that its the pace she felt within the music.The Piano Sonata No. 7 -LRB- Opus 10 no. 3 -RRB- is a gem . The emotional core is certainly the deeply pensive D-minor Largo - one of Beethoven 's greatest slow movement . Here , Hewitt brings out its mystery and passion with the wide resources of her resonant Fazioli - albeit at a slower pace than others . The elegant Meneuetto that follows is pure delight in her hands while the effervescent final Rondo is hard not to like.Of course , its mostly the famed Appassionata Op. 57 that is the draw - and it does not disappoint . What you will most hear here is a crystaline clarity of line and tone - perhaps the result of a lifetime with playing Bach . True to herself , Hewitt brings out its passion but without bravado and haughtiness . It is not a rough-around-the-edges Beethoven , but a deeply pleasing , clean yet powerful reading . Hewitt lets her impeccable , quick-silver passage work speak for itself without excessive hammering that can lead to `` microphone shattering '' that deminishes some otherwise great recordings . It is a more fiery performance from this lyrical pianist than I expected.All-in-all , this is top-caliber playing that is hard to fault . Rightfully so , Gramophone gave this recording a nod of approval upon its release with a `` Editor 's Choice '' citing . As in her Chabrier and Bach Concerto recordings , Hewitt plays her beloved Italian Fazioli , which was recorded in a hotel venue in Italy . The sound is better than average , fairly resonant but falls short of best-in-class - kind of the opposite end of the spectrum compared to the old DG stark sound and close projection . Compositions - 5 stars ; Performance - 5 stars ; Sound quality - 4 stars .
 Beethoven
 There 's a reason Art Blakey chose Mr. Brown to play in his esteemed band . One of the greats of his time .
 Oleg Caetani earned a good deal of praise for this pairing of the Shostakovich Fifth and sixth , and one can see why . He has a natural , expressive way with both works . He also tries an unusual tactic of softening Shostakovich 's bite , which would seem to promise failure . But instead of declawing this music , Caetani finds tenderness and lyurical dreaminess where foew others do -LRB- in the opening movement of the Fifth , for example , and the middle section of the same work 's finale -RRB- . Quirky as his approach is , I found myself moved by passages that I had taken for granted before.The recorded sound is quite good . I know many lsiteners will find it queer to hear Shostakovich from Italy , even if Caetani is the son of the russian meastro Igor Markevitch -LRB- he took his mother 's maiden name for the purposes of non-competition with his father -RRB- . But it must be said that the Giuseppe Verdi Orch . of Milan is n't a first rate or even second rate orchestra -- a good bunch of conservatory students in New York or Philadelphia could easily outplay them -- but they are expressive and sincere , which perfectly suits Caetani 's vision of this music .
 After being suitably impressed with Caetani 's Shostakovich 11 , this was one of the first of the other discs in the series that I sampled.It 's a difficult one to review , so let 's take the performances and interpretations first . The playing is gutsy and highly committed throughout ; maybe not exactly polished -LRB- this is no ` perfektion orkester ' , after all -RRB- but the sense of an orchestra straining to do justice to the music is actually quite exciting!Interpretations are good , aside from some occasional unnecessary changes of gear.Notably , in the finale of the 5th , Caetani manages to achieve just the right balance between the two opposing schools of thought of how this piece should end - the fast/triumphant and slow/false victory conductors.I belong to the latter school of thought . Shostakovich is , after all , the master of the forced grin through tears , so I find Caetani 's slow -LRB- but not TOO slow , as in Kreuzberg/Pentatone -RRB- coda just right.The 6th is cleverly balanced - the second movement slower than usual , providing a thoughtful transition from the deep first movement to the crazy high jinks of the finale . This symphony really is weirdly structured!Now to the sound . The 6th is just right - transparent , neutral and with good staging and dimensionality -LRB- stereo -RRB- . So much for the good news , and I am happy to report that much of the 5th is also excellent . There is , however , a very blatant piece of poo in the sandwich . Maybe the producer or recording engineer is a xylophone fetishist . Anyway , whenever this appears , a giant 60-ft wide man-eater of an xylophone materialises mid-speakers and slaps you in the face . It 's so blatantly close-miked and out of proportion that it 's almost comic . Seriously , this is a blatant lapse of taste . Magically , in the 6th symphony , the xylophone recedes to its proper , discrete place at the back of the soundstage.This issue is not isolated in this cycle , unfortunately , and a pattern starts to emerge . There is also a teeth-clenchingly horrible instance of a balance glitch with the celesta at the very end of the 4th symphony in this series . It 's arguable moreover , that the stunning bells which close the 11th symphony are rather too much of a good thing , and cover the rest of the orchestra too much.The morale of this ? Arts recording engineers - CUT IT OUT - and please resist the temptation to muck around with spot mikes to ` help ' the basically superb overall balance.There is a touch of PCM-itis with all these recordings -LRB- 24b/96kHz -RRB- , so DSD would certainly help out with the occasional brazen quality to the brass and strings - although some of this may , of course , be the orchestra itself.Given all this - and coming back to the present disc - I give it 4.5 stars for the performances , 4 stars for the sound on the 5th -LRB- it would have been five if it were not for the giant xylophone on steroids -RRB- and full 5 stars for the sonics on the 6th .
 I bought this CD a few years ago . I could of saved a little money by buying the whole set when it was released . Caetani 's Shostakovich cycle is certainly one of the most notable to come out in year of Shostakovich 's centenary of 2006 even compared with his son Maxim 's set on Supraphon.The 5th is very fine and well balanced . It does n't seem to have the evils of either Bernstein , on one hand , and Rostropovich , on the other . But the 6th is just superb . A proper tempo in the Largo which is n't rushed . Of course , this leaves the symphony of balance , but then again so is Brahms Violin Concerto and Tchaikovsky 's 1st Piano Concerto . The following scherzo and rondo finales are not taken to extreme fast speeds either . Instead you wallow in the poetry of the music . As I 've said before to my friends the 2nd movement of the 6th symphony is like F-16 jet fighters on manuevers , but this is 1939 ! To me the finale says in futility `` No matter what I do nothing changes . '' I guess that was the frustration of living in the USSR in 1939 ... we may never know.Don ' t have any second thoughts about the Giuseppe Verdi Orchestra of Milan either . They are a never heard of top notch orchestra.Go for it ! Be bold and get one of the CD gems of the 20th century !
 This DVD is another collection of classic Thomas episodes , from when the series was shot with live-action models , not computer animation.Stories :1 . A Big Day For Thomas - Thomas finally gets his chance to manage coaches all on his own - only to pull away accidentally leaving his entire train behind .2 . Percy Runs Away - New friend Percy is making himself right at home on the Island , but runs away terrified when Gordon nearly crashes into him with the Express .3 . Thomas Breaks The Rules - A policeman is convinced Thomas is a public safety hazard for not having cowcatchers and side plates .4 . Henry 's Special Coal - An ailment causes Henry to need special coal .5 . The Flying Kipper - Henry is doing well with his new special coal , but a switch failure causes him to have a terrible accident .6 . Trouble For Thomas - Thomas is eager to handle freight cars for the first time - and quickly learns what trouble they are when he loses control of his train .7 . Toby The Tram Engine - Toby is a tram engine who is sad that his line is closing down , and he will soon be out of work . But then he meets Sir Topham Hatt , who gives him a new chance at life working on his Railway.Special Features :1 . Character Gallery2 . 2 Sing-Along Songs
 This does not come with a Thomas and gold Thomas as pictured , but rather with a black wooden Donald engine and matching coal tender car with the number `` 9 '' on the side . If you look closely you will see on the DVD box pictured that it says `` Donald '' above the pocket that holds the trains so I was expecting this and was not disappointed , however , if you want the trains in the picture you wo n't get them . That said , the video is a Thomas video and our 2 year old loves it , it contains 7 episodes and a running time of 39 minutes , plus 60 minutes of `` bonus features '' such as 2 sing-along songs , a `` DVD game '' called Sodor Spelling Game and a `` chracter gallery '' . I have n't checked these out . Overall a great deal as long as you are expecting a Donald set !
 My three year old grandson is fascinated with choo-choos and he would watch this and the other Thomas titles all day long if allowed . I actually wore out an inexpensive DVD player on this title -LRB- it was continuously running in the background just a single click away -RRB- . The lessons imbedded in the stories are positive -LRB- we all would like to classified as `` really useful engines '' -RRB- and the characters are quirky and memorable . My only issues with this and the others in this collection are that the added features -LRB- such as the games -RRB- are pretty lame and the individual chapters are sometimes out of order in relation to the story arc . But I would highly recommend this for those with train-loving small children .
 I chose the theme Thomas the train for my son 's bedroom and thought I should buy the movies too . He did n't like them very much but they are great products for those who do !
 Bought this item for my son and he loves it !!! I ordered it for Christmas and was a little worried it would n't make it to my house in time , but to my surprise it arrived very quickly !!
 My grandson played and replayed the video many times . He also loved the trains .
 Playing Time - 73:26 -- Rahim Alhaj is a master of the oud -LRB- Arabic lute -RRB- . All but one of the nine tracks span between 7-11 minutes . Alhaj 's original taqsim -LRB- instrumental improvisations -RRB- provide a contemporary interpretation of maqams -LRB- the unique pitches on the Arabic musical scale along with their melodic movement -RRB- . Alhaj 's material is also rooted in and derived from this Iraqi musical tradition . For example , `` Taqsim Maqam Hijaz '' includes a rendition of the famous Iraqi song `` Atop the Palm Tree . '' In fact , each piece includes improvisation followed by a famous song . While it might have been more interesting for some of the pieces to be arranged with a fuller maqam ensemble sound of spike fiddle -LRB- joza -RRB- and dulcimer -LRB- santur -RRB- too , some of the cuts do feature percussionist Souhail Kaspar plays goblet drums -LRB- tablah , dumbak -RRB- and small tambourine -LRB- riqq -RRB- . Apparently , he did n't use a frame drum -LRB- daf -RRB- that maqam ensembles sometimes include . In `` Taqsim Maqam Sika '' and `` Taqsim Maqam Hijaz , '' the riqq -LRB- or daff -RRB- makes its most prominent appearance and provides for a colorful expression in that piece . Born in Lebanon , Kaspar studied music in Syria but now makes his home in Los Angeles . While the 32-page CD booklet could have said more about Kaspar 's instruments , the bilingual musical explanations for each track are educational.A prodigy who began playing oud at age nine , Rahim Alhaj subsequently graduated from Baghdad Conservatory in 1990 . He also holds a degree in Arabic Literature . In 1991 , after the first Gulf War , Alhaj 's activism against the Saddam Hussein regime led to is forced move to Jordan and Syria . The political refugee relocated to the U.S. in 2000 and now lives in Albuquerque , N.M. There , he won the 2003 Albuquerque Arts Alliance Bravo Award for Excellence in Music.On this album -LRB- his fourth overall -RRB- , the accomplished and proficient musician says that the intent of each piece is to reflect the maqam tradition and , in doing so , to settle the soul . He does a fine job of introducing us to the musical and aesthetic of the Iraqi style . Rahim 's music has both delicate and forceful moments . Its full-bodied essence speaks forcefully as he combines traditional Iraqi maqams with more contemporary inspiration and insight . While this kind of improvisational global sound may be novel to many westerners ' ears , its strength is its creativity and imagination that take us on an impressive 73-minute atmospheric journey . His closing number , `` Taqsim Maqam Saba '' is an emotional expression of sorrow and grief . There also seems to be a prevalent thread in his compositions for peace , hope , optimism and compassion in the future . Undoubtedly , Rahim misses his homeland , but he also makes soul-settling and cathartic musical statements about his musical rejuvenation and personal renewal in the United States . -LRB- Joe Ross , Roseburg , OR . -RRB-
 This CD of traditional Iraqi music , including songs , maqams and improvisation featuring Rahim Alhaj , the Iraqi oud master taught by Munir Bashir in Baghdad , with Souhail Kaspar , Lebanese percussionist , is exceptional . Through his music and high level virtuosity , this brilliant artist is able to portray a wide-range of emotions -- from haunting sorrow and angst to joy and passion . This album is such a delight to listen to that it has become one of my very favorites . Rahim Alhaj 's musical message of compassion , peace and understanding between cultures is furthered in this recently released CD . I really enjoyed hearing his personal and musical story featured on NPR All Things Considered this week . This CD is a `` must-have '' !
 This has become one of my new favorite CDs . Very soothing and sophisticated music . Excellent production . Makes you feel good to listen to it and quite danceable too . Bravo !
 We play music every night as we go to sleep . This is excelent for an enjoyable and engaging lsten that wo n't wake you as you drift off .
 I have very little to add to these semi-enlighted reviews -LRB- above -RRB- . However , of all his albums , I prefer the immediacy and dialogue here between these masters of string & percussion.We 're blessed here in Land of Enchantment to have Alhaj in our midst , and on Music faculty of state university , UNM . It 's a secret , but he also has a delicious sense of humor ...
 Another enjoyable album by the very gifted Rahim Alhaj !! Soulful and passionate music . Be sure to see Rahim Alhaj and Souhail Kaspar when they are in town - they light the stage on fire with their music . You will never think about the Oud and Percussion music the same way again - a thrilling duo !
 Charles Brown is an American treasure . His blues piano stylings are the perfect compliment to his unmistakable vocals . The selections on this cd are typical of the high quality music that CB has produced his entire life . Buy this cd . Buy any cd by Charles Brown . You wo n't regret it .
 This is one of several recent Beach Boys vinyl reissues from Capitol . Some of the albums -LRB- Sunflower , Surf 's Up -RRB- have the `` newly remastered for vinyl '' sticker , while others -LRB- Today ! , Summer Days , Pet Sounds -RRB- boast a sticker that simply says `` faithfully restored . '' The sound on this one is clean and clear , all the original artwork and 16-page song book has been preserved , and the 180 gram vinyl has a nice , substantial feel.The sound on this Stack-O-Tracks release is just like it appears on the double-album CD
 I have owned this album in vinyl since it 's initial release . It 's karaoke 20 years before the word had been invented . Just having a `` sing along '' is the most obvious use of this disc but for Beach Boys fans it is also an excellent chance to hear the backing musicians and Brian 's productions without the vocals . You really get a chance to hear some of those great `` Wrecking Crew '' performances and see how Brian arranged the music with the overall sound firmly etched in his mind . You can hear how bass lines -LRB- from the likes of Carol Kaye -RRB- and the various other instruments are arranged and presented in just the right octave and with the right timing and expression to reinforce the still unrecorded vocals . It 's a peak into the genius of Brian Wilson that he could create these perfect backing tracks for those luscious Beach Boys vocals that never overpower those dense four part harmonies .
 They are at a party playing mostly acoustic guitars and bongo drums . They sing some Beatles tunes as well as their own . They have allot of fun on this and it 's an unusual album.It says instrumental but they do sing and they sing acapella 's too that 's where the other tracks are . There are 2 different albums and one does have 20 + tracks
 I bought this CD originally when I was in junior high , to accompany me while I practiced my saxophone -LRB- I preferred to practice to Beach Boys music over the school fight song -RRB- . Anyway , it 's also good for karaoke . However , be careful listening to the previous reviewer , who either ca n't count or has a different CD . There are 15 tracks on the CD , which last I checked is * not * over 20 .
 It 's the best !!! Over 20 songs and it 's kind of cool to hear what was actually going on behind the vocal and harmony parts !!! So if you really love the beach boys I would recomend this album !!!!! 100 %
 this is the first album from the band and it 's surprizingly excellent . The music they play is very popular in Europe nowadays - it 's a mix of gothic-rock -LRB- or metal-think Paradise Lost `` draconian times '' -RRB- with deep clean vocals and almost pop tunes -LRB- think HIM -RRB- . The mixture is perfect here . The band delivers a collection of highly memorable songs based on strong vocal / melody lines . In difference from HIM , here you can find more elements of metal -LRB- real metal -RRB- - stunning guitar work , intensive drumming and deep bass . It 'd sound heavy if they wanted so ... but they prefered not . And the final thing is even more interesting ... Keyboards add atmosphere , but do not play a main part . Yet keys are highly distinguishable and catchy . as with HIM , the most memorable part here is vocal . Very deep and i 'd say unique-tembered voice . the lyrics are all about love and it 's another point common to HIM . It 's not TOO great , but fits the mood of the disc . The songs are mid-tempo or fast plus a couple of gothic ballads . The closing one features two female vocalists , one of which is THE ALMIGHTY kimberly Goss of Synergythis cd would be highly popular if was released on a major label throughout the world . I believe that TO/DIE/FOR will do so one day ... anyway , it 's just their first ... for those who 're in love ... dont miss this one for all others
 to/die/for is a cross between sentenced and HIM . the music is glam rock with a shape of metal sound -LRB- or is it metal with a shape of glam ?? -RRB- . the vocals are amazing -LRB- little girls will faint !!! -RRB- although the lyrics are too `` soup opera love '' for my taste ... best song in the cd
 This is TDF 's first album ... and is their best -LRB- comparing to all of them . . including IV -RRB- Just two words . . BUY IT !
 A lot of folks are compairing this band to H.I.M. I have never listened to HIM , but I believe maybe it should be the other way around unless HIM has been around longer . This band has very 80 ` sNew Wave sound not to mention covering 3 80 's songs on two albums . With that in mind , they come from an age when Metal wentDoom , Gloom , and Gothic . Most notable for this are bands like My Dying Bride , Anathema , Theatre of Tragedy , the Gathering -LRB- later after adopting female vocals -RRB- Lacuna Coil , yes they are older then Evenescence or what ever they 're called , The Third and the Mortal , Thor 's Hammer , Seven Witches , Left hand Solution , Sacrilege and Type O Negative to name a few . What I mean by this is the choice of themes and presence they have adopted to their sound and look . This bands ' Pop sounding influence sugar coats the whole Sad vibe they have adopted from the aforementioned bands . Its different , and worth listening to . Considering most Metal bands imitate their Idols , its nice to see one that adds a little spice to the ingredience . They avoid the age old Metal cliches a lot of Metal bands and rock in general follow .
 San Francisco is where I experienced it in the wails on the streets outside my Market Street window late at night when the rain was pouring down and the saxophone cried me to sleep , knowing that it knew me . How was I any different from `` Joe '' who did n't have one dime and lived in a corner bar to make it through the next day . A kind of reverence overcame me as I made my way through the years of hardship myself struggling to remember the peace that only Mingus could bring to me . And although I could pay my rent , I too was scarred by a hungry soul and a humanity that could n't find its place . But Mingus found it .
 San Francisco is where I experienced it in the wails on the streets outside my Market Street window late at night when the rain was pouring down and the saxophone cried me to sleep , knowing that it knew me . How was I any different from `` Joe '' who did n't have one dime and lived in a corner bar to make it through the next day . A kind of reverence overcame me as I made my way through the years of hardship myself struggling to remember the peace that only Mingus could bring to me . And although I could pay my rent , I too was scarred by a hungry soul and a humanity that could n't find its place . But Mingus found it .
 San Francisco is where I experienced it in the wails on the streets outside by Market Street window late at night when the rain was pouring down and the saxophone cried me to sleep , knowing that it knew me . How am I any different from `` Joe '' who did n't have one dime and lived in a corner bar to make it through the next day . A kind of reverence overcame me as I made my way through the years of hardship myself struggling to remember the peace that only Mingus could bring to me . And although I could pay my rent , I too was scarred by a hungry soul and a humanity that could n't find its place . But Mingus found it .
 THe biggest problem with this DVD is the order of the episodes as someone has complained about in many other video reviews . Several episodes specifically refer to an episode where a bootstrap is used on James 's brake line . The episode in which this actually occurs is one of the last on the DVD . It would have taken like 10 more minutes to have the videos play in chronological order . Other than that it is a good DVD with 8 Thomas and Friends stories in which James is prominent . I have a personal complaint too . I purchased this in a store not online . Even though the box said it includes a bonus WOODEN train . My box actually had a TAKE ALONG Bertie in it . My son did n't have a Bertie so I was eager to get it but I did n't realize it was a metal take along kind not a wooden series . My son has no other take along items because we think the wooden series is far better .
 What We Live is a cooperative Bay Area trio that was formed sometime in the early 90s . They wanted not only to explore their music as a free improv trio but to experiment with various guest artists as a quartet . In this they serve as an update on local mainstream piano trios that function as a rhthym section for various out of town guests.The basic trio is formed of Larry Ochs -LRB- the O in ROVA -RRB- , Lisle Ellis on the bass and Donald Robinson on the drums . The guest are Wadada Leo Smith -LRB- right channel -RRB- and Dave Douglas -LRB- left channel -RRB- . One of the great things about this group is that so many of them have worked on or within compositional structures for group improvs . Smith is one of the innovators within jazz on coming up with structures for free improvs so as to avoid the dreaded group skronks where everyone is blasting away . With these players , the idea of compositional structures has become so engrained that they do it on the fly . They are able to do this by deep listening to the others and by having an egoless approach to the creation . The point is never individual but group brilliance.The result is music that is uncluttered and quite beautiful . Ochs has a wonderful tone -LRB- I would love to someday hear him play a ballad -RRB- . Smith and Douglas fit in with each other and the others seamlessly as if they had been playing with them for years . -LRB- By the way , the most recent CD by this group is called Trumpets and features What We Live with Smith and Douglas seperately -RRB- . Ellis sounds good whether bowing or strumming his bass . Robinson -LRB- who plays a similar role in the Bay Area as Hamid Drake does in New York -RRB- is the perfect drummer for this music - he can play very quietly and outline rhythmic ideas very succinctly.By all means , listen to the sound bites . But with group improvs like this , the proof is in the overall piece and within the overall program . It is only by listening to an entire piece that you can judge whether the group was successful is creating a structure on which to base their improv . Was there a sense of something being developed and explored ? Hard to tell in 20-30 secs . Was not just one piece successful but all of them and did they exhibit variety ? Again hard to tell from sound bites . So listen to the sound bites if you want and hear what you think . But if you find intriguing the concept of the spontaneous creation and exploration of a piece by a group of musicians then simply take a chance on these guys . You may not like it -LRB- see the reviewer below -RRB- but taking a chance is frequently the only way to find new forms of musical beauty .
 This is a good sampling of bruce and miss nelson , but if you get into the weirder aspects of them like me , you 'll want to hear the original records or tapes because the `` deep album cuts '' -LRB- hehe deep childrens ' cuts -RRB- are full of all kind of weird bits both thematically and musically . You can actually still get the original tapes -- I did -- from miss nelson herself at www.grannypress.com , after discovering their www on ... actually , this very record . I was thrilled to be able to get the tapes , although they are a little edited with some substitutions or alternate takes of songs on the LPs . The only place you can find the LPs is all scratched up in public libraries lol -- that 's where I first heard '' The Electronic Record for Children , '' which got me goin ' on Bruce . Bellingham Public Library . If you really want to hear the genius of Bruce Haack goin wild and minus the childrens ' act , I very highly recommend you get `` electric lucifer book 2 . '' Its an beautiful , amazing peice of electronica , recorded in 1978 . EL 1 was released in 1970 i think , and is good also , but has a little too much hippy-dippiness0 . Bruce is beautiful on el2 . Its available on CD only . I guess there 's also a couple of recorded but as-yet not released records out there , like `` Skullastic '' and `` electric lucifer 3 -- identified flying object '' -LSB- !!!!! -RSB- We can only hope to ever get to hear those . EL2 remained unreleased until just a few years ago itself . Bruce died fairly young at about 60 , just two years before I first heard him .
 I loved this album ! I 'm only 15 , but i know my music , and this music is something i am definitely glad to know . It 's different , it 's fun , it 's interesting , and it 's one of a kind ! If you do n't have it , get it ! Share it with everyone ! I guarantee it will give you a whole new meaning of music . With Bruce Haack 's inventiveness , and Esther Nelson 's expressiveness , you will want to listen to it again and again !
 This CD is a magical tour of music and movement concepts that invites creative response from the listener.Particular favorites are `` Motorcycle Ride '' , `` American Eagle '' and `` Army Ants in Your Pants '' . I would expect this record to be very useful for teachers , especially at the Elementary School level .
 ... for a wall-to-wall landing . '' To paraphrase a line in Bruce Sterling 's `` Crytonomicon , '' Bruce Haack was the beard and Esther Nelson was the suit . Their unlikely union produced a dozen or so of the wonderful , incredibly strange children 's records from which the CD has been compiled -LRB- most of the full albums are still available on cassette -RRB- -- basically , some strange , obliquely educational situation is set up , narrated by egghead Haack and the ever-clement Miss Nelson , and backed by BH 's primitive synth contraptions and whirring oscillators . `` The Jelly Dancers '' is absolutelt infectious , as are `` Army Ants In Your Pants '' and the long , sad tale of `` Coco the Coconut '' -LRB- both of them among the many songs featuring Miss Nelson 's own children -RRB- , and `` Upside Down '' is so out it alsmost does n't belong here , one of those stratospheric Haack compositions which take you so far into neverneverland you have to actually think about it to back down to earth when it 's over . Hours of fun for the whole family -- buy an extra copy and send it to that stiff , dry old Calvinist who calls himself your father-in-law .
 I bought this CD after hearing a friend of mine use it for her general music classes . My students request it often , so I use it as a special treat . I 'm amazed at how they respond to and dramatize `` Motorcycle Ride '' , `` Popcorn '' and `` Army Ants '' .
 bruce haack is a guy that never truly received all the recognition he deserved . the sounds he created from the limited resources he had were stunning . the only bad thing i have to say about this record is that its too short ! if you like this compilation , you should try the `` hush little robot '' cd , another recent haack retrospective collection that focuses on his more `` mature '' recordings ... ok , robot . that is all .
 I received this record as a gift and have listened to it over and over with my friends at school . Many of the items are great for kids , but my friends and I love the psychedelic music and sound effects . My current favorite is `` Army Ants in Your Pants '' ... very imaginative !
 This disc kicks dragon man ... check it outb4 yo microwave starts talkin ' 2 U when your ` reasleep ... namean ?
 Contrary to the opinion of some , putting out a hard techno release is n't a piece of cake . Over the course of the past couple years , I 've heard loads of releases that are content to just bang away with heavy beats and not offer much up in terms of variety and by putting it under the label `` hard techno '' or even as a mix , they think they 're supposed to get away with being boring . Collabs 3000 is actually the work of DJ and producer Chris Liebing and Speedy J , a talented artist who has been releasing great electronic music for well over a decade now.Jochem Papp -LRB- aka Speedy J -RRB- has dabbled in lots of different areas on his releases , but his past couple efforts have found him getting increasingly louder and more aggressive . Loudboxer was his last release and the banging release was about as far away as one could get from his melodic early classics Ginger and G Spot . As one might guess from the title , Metalism is much closer to his last release in terms of overall edge , and it might even push things faster and harder than that release , as it seems like he and Liebing keep trying to leapfrog one another in terms of how far they can push things.Of course , the above is just speculation , as there 's no specific credit given to any of the tracks , but listening to Metalism one can almost imagine them smiling and laughing and saying `` oh yeah ? '' as they come back with even more relentless pieces . The short `` Lego '' opens the disc with some ambient spaces and a hint of what 's to come , as `` Modish Ride '' uncorks things with a cracking beat and some wobbly bass lowend before `` Triflon '' punches things in a more tech direction with some almost two-step bass growls and all kinds of skittering glitches . From there , things get downright ruthless as hilt clangs away with harsh , almost industrial beats and `` Tunox '' piles on the gritty thump for almost seven minutes . The latter track is one of the best on the album , with just enough breathing room to keep it interesting.To be fair , the album is n't one big slam bang boom , but this definitely is n't the sort of thing to be listening to it you do n't like it hard and minimal . Other than the opening track , about the only place they take it down a notch is on the deep ambient wash of `` Eventide , '' but even that track has a bit of harshness to keep you on edge . This is one of the better things I 've heard like this since Richie Hawtin 's Decks , EFX and a 909 . Judging from the crowd frenzy captured on the last track -LRB- a live recording of `` Trikco '' -RRB- , it 's some of the better stuff they 've heard as well . -LRB- from almost cool music reviews -RRB-
 I REALY LIKE THE NEW ALBUM DESNUDAME EL ALMA BY ALMA POLIDO . IT BRINGS BACK A LOT OF MEMORIES OF THE TIMES ME AND MY BABY JOHNNY WHERE HAVING PROBLEMS KEEPING A LONG DISTANCE RELATIONSHIP GOING . I WAS BEGINING TO THINK WE WERE FALLING APART BUT THE THOUGHT OF THAT SCARED ME . I MEAN WE HAD BEEN THROUGH ALOT TOGETHER AND WE ALWAYS MANEGED TO OVERCOME ALL OUT PROBLEMS BUT NOW WE WERE REALY STARTING TO FALL APART . WELL ONE DAY AS I WAS PLAYING IN THE ENTERNET I CAME ACROSS ALMA POLIDO 'S SONG DESNUDMAME EL ALMA I KNEW I HAD TO CALL HIM AND PLAY THAT SONG FOR HIM .
 Here is , finally , a dream-combination of both wonderful song + voice . I always refer to my two favorite mexican pop divas , Graciela and Selena when comparing , because i feel it is a must . Alma Pulido blew me out of the water with her strong , beautiful vocals and fun , infectious music . She has the brilliant music of Selena combined with Graciela-like bright soprano vocals , and a tear-drop-of-honey to top it all . This is her second album after her self-titled debut , Alma Pulido in 1997 . That album too , was fabulous , i 'd say her best , with my 3 favorite songs to date , Quien Crees Que Soy , Enamorada De Ti , and Dime Que Me Quieres . From this album , my favorites were Locamente Enamorada , Desnudame El Alma , Enamorada , Nadie Me Habia Hecho Llorar , A Quien Merezca Mi Amor , Andale Andale , Quien Te Hizo A Ti Dios , and Es Imposible . All were `` dance-pop cutsie cumbias '' except Es Imposible - that 's a gorgeous ballad ! it has major american pop influence which makes it pretty and also familiar ! wow , this song was definitely a landmark for the album - her precious raspy and yearning vocals add a soulful flavor to the song while the brightness of her voice gives the song a drop of hope . I 'd say mainstream right now - let 's go . Its perfect and yet it has the gorgeous sound of spanish words to drape the song in decadence and delicacy . Quien Te Hizo A Ti Dios is actually a mariachi number ! but it has a fast-paced beat to it with guitar . The other mariachi song , Amor Derecho was a more familiar , typical slow-sounding ballad , yet i did n't care for it - she sang a duet with a man whose voice i was n't in love with . Dejala Por Mi is a sappy tejano ballad - though i 'm not using sappy as an insult - i always love so-called `` sappy '' sad love songs . this is very typically tejano . however , it was its melody which i did n't like . so i 'd say , excluding the final mariachi track and the slow tejano number , the rest of the songs on the album were my favorite ! i really ca n't choose ! i would really recommend this album because it is nice and light with a spicy , peppy flavor . Think sugary bubblegum pop songs with Mexican zest . A Dream Come True .
 This is a great introduction to Khachaturian even if the inclusion of the 3rd Symphony instead of the 2nd -LRB- `` The Bells '' -RRB- is an odd choice , but nonetheless , I 'm glad Chandos has made this `` love-to-hate '' symphony more accessible . Stokowski was an advocate of this work and introduced to the West in the late 70sStokowski Stereo Collection
 My title says it all . Love this CD . Khachaturian is a great , great Artist and he always thrills and touches you . You 'll love this one .
 I love Khachaturian . His music comes from ` another ' country and to me passes on the culture of Albania , totally different from European and Russian music . The Sabre Dance is magnificent as is Waltz . I can recommend this as a favourite , have a listen and decide .
 what a fantastic presentation of Romancing Rebellion , definitely on my Christmas mailing list for my top 100 customers ; recommended for corporate christmas gifts , Larry
 I 'm glad here at Amazon you can hear a sample of the CD before you buy .
 Like this is breath of fresh air in the dance music world filled with meaningless Technobeat with no specific direction . This song brought back the good memories of the 70 's by using a sample of the classic `` clean up the ghetto '' . Monday Midnite 's freestyle story about his experience at a London underground discotheque is unique and his succintly clear and distinctive accent is rare and I like it a lot . Plus , the song keeps you dancing till the last beat . Love it .
 Julie 's classical background training is evident in her compositions , but at the same time her music is very contemporary . Her lyrics are easy for many of us to identify with , and her melodies along with the instumentation are absolutely gorgeous ! Her vocal range is very extended , and she puts so much feeling into her music . Her technique on the piano is stunning . Her songs take you on a ride with images that are sometimes beautiful and at other times heartbreaking . One can tell that Julie is a woman with much experience , and it is breathtaking the way she can make this listener look into her own life and understand the happiness or misery Julie 's songs convey . Here is a true musician and woman that could become better known after listening to her music . Julie can make others see into their own lives as well as hers . Her lyrics are honest and frank . Her melodies and arrangements of each song are so pleasing to listen to as her lyrics tell it all .
 This is typical Nik Kershaw . I have been a fan from his earliest days and love his toe-tapping refrains . If you like non-nonsense lyrics and tuneful songs , Nik Kershaw is for you . I am very pleased with 15 minutes .
 I 've been pining away these last 10 years for some new Nik Kershaw material . I got a little relief when I happened upon Tony Banks ' 1992 album , `` Still '' , which contains 3 songs sung and -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- co-written by Nik . Now this wonderful thing comes out of the blue !! I just wish his people would stop advising this particular `` one-hit-wonder '' to put his one hit -LRB- `` Would n't it be Good '' -RRB- on most of his albums . -LRB- It showed up on both his first and second albums - at least on the vinyl U.S. versions - and now on an uncredited 13th track on this one , his 5th . -RRB- He 's got loads of songs that are better than that one , and ** at least ** a half-dozen of them are on this album ! Buy it ! Now !
 I * knew * there was a reason I liked Nik Kershaw . You 're always looking back at your past and thinking `` Are my memories coated with nostalgia ? '' After crossing my fingers as I slid the CD into the player , I found that I love Nik 's new work just as much as ever . Clever and real lyrics , great melodies & unique chord progressions that few people could pull off so cleanly . All his songs have a very strong sense of purpose ; unlike a lot of pop , Nik 's songs progress and do n't just `` get into a groove '' . His earlier idealism seems to have been softened a bit ; his song `` God Bless '' has both the lyric `` Heaven help old Joseph Bloggs in his cardboard box '' and `` God bless the stock exchange '' . However , songs like `` Your Brave Face '' seem to just be a recycling of his thoughts in `` She Cries '' . Generally , though , his themes are modern , such as `` Billy '' , a wonderful study in the difficulties in marriage ; and `` How Do You Like It So Far '' , a statement about ones dreams and accomplishments in life . `` Have a Nice Life '' is a wonderful father-to-son tribute , and the opening song `` Somebody Loves You '' is not only a great piece of pop , but also allows `` 15 Minutes '' -LRB- the song and the album -RRB- to come full circle cleanly.The early part of the album is just superb , but the latter part drags a bit . Unlike his earlier albums , there are n't many change-ups in style and tempo between songs . However , still one of the best albums I own , and one of Nik 's best ever . There 's no nostalgia at work here -- he * is * that good .
 I first heard Nik Kershaw 's 15 Minutes CD at a listening station at a record store when it first came out . I am not a big fan of his , but I remember him from the early/mid 1980s and was interested in what he was doing currently . Boy , was I surprised . The first track is unbelievably catchy . The chorus is wonderful . `` Have a Nice Life '' is nice in a sing-along sort of way . `` Find Me an Angel '' is hauntingly beautiful . `` Your Brave Face '' is an addictive rocker . `` What Do You Think of It So Far ? '' has one of the best choruses I 've heard in a long time . `` God Bless '' is a different-sounding song with some interesting , and strangely familiar , guitar work . `` Fiction '' is a pleasant , slow number with more nice acoustic guitar and lyrics like
 Even though Nik Kershaw was something of a one-hit wonder in the United States -LRB- with `` Would n't It Be Good '' -RRB- , he actually landed many hit singles in the UK . My family got hooked on his albums in the 80s . After his first two albums , his sales faltered , ending with the tragically ignored _ The Works _ in 1989 . For ten years , Nik Kershaw did n't release any new albums , although he did produce several other artists , lending his writing talents , and had a few `` featuring '' positions on some lesser-known artists . Unknown to the public -- and certainly unknown in the States -- Nik had suffered badly from his meteoritic rise to fame and fortune and the sudden deflating of his `` 15 minutes . '' This 1999 release , so appropriately titled , essentially consists of material he worked on over the ten year gap since his last album -- as he put it , it was material too personal to really lend to other artists , and it was more of a healing process than a commercial effort . It 's obviously Nik Kershaw , but he 's moved on from the 80s and the obvious pain that the `` one hit wonder '' branding caused him . Every single track on this album is outstanding and not to be missed .
 I could n't buy this CD fast enough when it came out . He had good press coverage in the UK , with some excellent reviews prior to the album release . The single ` Somebody Loves You ' was released towards the beginning of 1999 , but it was not a great success . Funnily enough , if there had to be a weak track on the album -LRB- and I do n't think there is -RRB- it would probably have to be that track . No one writes tracks like ` Have a nice life ' , ` Billy ' , ` What do you think of it so far ' , ` Made in Heaven ' , and ` Shine ' any more . You 'll be singing and humming before the end of the first play.I am pleased to see that there were such positive reviews from the States and elsewhere , which begs the question ` What does he have to do to have a hit nowadays ? ` Let 's hope there is a record company out there that will have enough faith and resources to give Kershaw the further success he deserves .
 Artists like Nik Kershaw , Andrew Gold and Jude Cole are part of tht select club whose magic seems obvious to music afficianados but obscured to the mass of the music buying public . I do n't know what justice there is in being a musician 's musician or a songwriter 's songwriter , but Nik Kershaw is both . I was of course familiar with Nik 's 80 's output - `` The Riddle '' being a class pop record that is still very listenable today and `` Radio Musicola '' that followed , revealed a sharp wit and keen observations , as well as an artist that did n't take himself too seriously . That , however is no excuse for us not to !! Buy `` 15 Minutes '' and hear the musings of a mature artist , blessed with a great pop sensibility .
 I remembered `` Would n't it Be Good '' and `` The Riddle '' as the ultimate pop-songs from my childhood . Many , many years went by and then suddenly I saw an ad of the album `` 15 minutes '' on a local paper . I was scared
 I 've owned 15 Minutes for about a year or so to date and it remains one of my favourite albums . Even if you do n't remember Nik Kershaw from the 80s this album is excellent in its own right , and the style of music differs so sharply that it -LRB- almost -RRB- might as well be a different artist altogether . Only his lyrical genius and witticism remain and this is something for the most part desperately lacking in much contemporary music.The CD begins with Somebody Loves You , a look into the importance of your fans . With lines like `` Who 's gon na love me , when they 're gone ? '' we get an idea of what it must have been like for him at the end of the 80s when his popularity slumped and he stopped releasing CDs . Much of this CD is very personal and reflective , as we can see in tracks like Have a Nice Life , Billy , Fiction and Shine On . The tracks are all acoustic , some such as Your Brave Face and What do you think of it so far ? having a faster pace.The overall theme of the album though revolves around Kershaw 's fascination / obsession with his instant rise to popularity during his heydey of commercial success and then rapid decline . This has been evident in past songs such as Wide Boy `` He got no sense but he got money ... '' and Take My Place `` The time has come for abdication ... '' from The Works . It works very well however and the theme is palpably reminiscent throughout the CD , especially in the title track 15 Minutes which closes the album beautifully with an alarm clock ringing , indicating his time 's up.It 's not for everyone , but 15 Minutes is a great album on the whole and an especially good choice if you 're looking for something a bit different and with contrived lyrics . Great to see him back after a decade with such a fresh sound .
 At first I was going to write this review and say how there is no justice in the world when this guy can write twelve fantastic songs and they will be heard by so few people.I 've changed my mind , there is justice in a way , that the majority will spend their money on garbage like westlife and celine dion , but those people who are prepared to take a chance on this record will get much more than they pay for.I bought this three years ago , and still listen to it now , it 's honestly brilliant , please give it a chance !
 Getting older is harder than I thought ... and part of getting older is feeling alienated from the mainstream of popular music . Man , talk about a generation gap ! And yet , there are those times while wandering through the desert one finds an oasis , like Nik Kershaw . Relief at last!What I enjoy most about Nik 's music , especially 15 Minutes , are the excellent melodies , progressions , and lyric . There is a subtle mystery in this music , not unlike Roy Orbison 's , in that the music tends to always be moving forward . Roy Orbison has a way of progression that mixes and melds melodies in such a way that negates the need for a chorus , sometimes starting over here and ending over there.Nik manages to produce same Orbison-esque feeling in his music , but he retains a center , never letting his listener get lost-you know where it began and where it ends . Nik uses fine melodies , thought-provoking lyrics , and rich productions to draw you in , and he keeps you there with a complex construction of sounds and rhythms . The more you listen , the more you hear , the more you like , the more you want . The Zen of it all is , it 's just plain great music . And I 'm looking forward to his next release . Soon , I hope !
 Well , Nik has undoubtably proved himself to be a true guru . This album is nothing less than brilliant . Every song is a true inspiration , the lyrics are , as usual , art ! I love `` Find me an Angel '' , `` What do you think of it so far '' and `` Made in Heaven '' as well as the title track , but every song is excellent . Nik - wherever you are - congratulations ! If you ever consider coming to Australia I will be there !
 I 've been waiting over 10 years for a new album , and now I can say it
 I m Nik 's crazy fan for 15 years.I 'm glad he came back.Really , he made an great album again.I liked it!Espesially Somebody Loves You and Made In Heaven ... His sound excellent.Really you have to listen ... He is usually GREAT !
 I was delighted to find this newest incarnation after digging about for his other albums/CD 's that were not released in the States and having to get them as imports . The guy would be big here with a little publicity . His lyrics are as ususal clever with twists and turns not found in most artists work . The fave so far is `` Billy '' -LRB- which probaby could have been named `` Sally Wants '' just as easily -RRB- . Keep it up !! and keep cranking it out into the 00 's !! Valkomen back !
 I found this entire disc to be truly a pleasure to listen to . Nik Kershaw 's wonderful mix of unique , flowing melodies with driving rhythms stands as one of the best I have heard - ever . Also , I was pleasantly surprised at the end to hear his remake of `` Would n't it be Good '' as well . I highly recommend this fresh and novel disc . Well done !
 Lock me up and throw away the key !!! I am a prisoner to this CD ... I 'm slowly becoming a useless individual , I tried initially to put the CD away , but to no avail . Nik Kershaw , you are truly an amazing songwriter . Thank you so much for 15 minutes , so appropriately titled for that 's the only spare time I have daily to get anything done . I 've recently purchased two more copies of `` 15 minutes '' for friends . Why should I be alone in my uselessness ... OOPS !!! Go to go , the CD just ended - I must hit play -LRB- my repeat button is out of commision -RRB- . BUY THIS MUSIC !!!
 Except for the not-all-there WORKS , Nik has managed to put out exceptionally listenable albums . I was slightly worried by the track listing - `` Find Me an Angel '' , `` God Bless '' and `` Made in Heaven '' brought up visions of a dull Christian-radio sound . Nope . Nik again manages catchy numbers on non-pop topics . Favorites first time around - `` Billy '' , `` Somebody Loves You '' and `` God Bless '' . Recommended to all pop/rock fans .
 He 's grown musically and has n't lost his talent for interesting -- almost arresting -- lyrics . Fans of the Nik Kershaw who came to fame in the early 1980s will appreciate this album .
 Kershaw waited 10 years since his last album , and in the off time he really found a nice style , leaving the synthesizers behind and picking up a guitar . `` Stick Around '' , `` Your Brave Face '' are excellent . There is also a secret track 13 - an acoustic version of the classic `` Would n't it be Good . '' Great , refreshing and long over-due .
 It seems like it has been forever since his last album , but this CD is worth it . The sound is more mature while still retaining the feel of his previous work . From the opening of `` Somebody Loves You '' to the acoustic version of `` Would n't It Be Good '' , listening to this disc was pure delight . This is a must have disc for any fan .
 Nik Kershaw , famous in the US only for his 80 's hit ` Would n't It Be Good ' has put together an album full of great songs . While some such as ` Somebody Loves You ' are catchy melodies , there is much to be appreciated on this album . ` Billy ' is among a favorite of mine , but the whole album is absolutely fantastic !
 Nearly 20 years on since the so-called New Wave crashed on American shores , it 's become apparent to me that my biggest problem with many of the songs and artists is that the production values were seriously suspect . Also , some of the biggest acts unfairly linked to the Eighties , such as Duran Duran , always had much more of a link to their predecessors than was recognized by the average music fan of that time . This is also true of Nik Kershaw . Nik 's newest album , 15 minutes , goes further than almost any other comeback record from an Eighties star ; in fact , the Eighties are nowhere to be found on it . Instead , you get powerful , exuberant songs showcasing a sound that , freed from the notorious electronic-sounding drums and sometimes cheesy keyboard lines , reveals itself to have had more in common with classic power pop groups like Badfinger and modern practitioners such as the late , lamented Caulfields , Toad the Wet Sprocket , and Semisonic . Other songs , `` Billy '' and `` God Bless '' , are rather pastoral and would n't be out of place on Paul Weller 's Wild Wood album . But it 's those utterly incredible anthems that really leave one at a loss for words and evoke several differ - ent types of emotions . `` What Do You Think Of It So Far '' is a worthy successor to Nik 's defining moment , `` Would n't It Be Good '' , while `` Made In Heaven '' threatens to level mountains in the manner the best Big Country compositions might . '' Shine On '' finds Nik soaring to his greatest heights yet , and I do n't think that I 've ever heard anything quite like it in my entire life . Finally , `` 15 minutes '' can only be described as ` haunting ' , and getting it out of your head will prove to be almost impossible . It 's also quite chilling to hear the title track plummet with the crash of an alarm going off into an uncredited acoustic version of `` Would n't It Be Good '' , giving the listener a poignant insight into what those 15 minutes of fame were like for Nik
 I picked up this cd after hearing `` Have a Nice Life '' as credits started to roll at the end of ` Park ' -LRB- the movie -RRB- . I figured , regardless of how good or bad the balance of the cd was , this one song alone was worth the investment . Having received the cd , I have concluded that I was right
 Uh-oh , here comes that dreaded `` comeback '' album , where the sheer joy of hearing new music by an old favorite distorts your viewpoint . Except , the more I listen to this album , the more I prefer it over his -LRB- excellent -RRB- 80s work . The incredible `` Billy '' is the best of the best , but `` Somebody Loves You '' and the haunting ballads `` Made in Heaven '' and `` Find Me an Angel '' also get more than their fair share of CD play time . A few tracks here may be too Adult Contemporary for some tastes -LRB- `` Have a Nice Life '' , f ` r ` instance -RRB- , but taken on their own terms , they 're quite good as well . Nik tackles the music , lyrics and production chores with amazing aplomb . All pop-rock fans should pick up a copy before it slips out of print !
 This man is the best kept secret in music ! If you like unbelievably catchy pop songs , intelligent lyrics and amazing guitar work then buy this CD right now because it 's all here . Stand out tracks would have to be ` Have a nice life ' , ' Somebody loves you ' and ' Your brave face ' but they are genuinely ALL good . How often can you say that about an album ? Buy now and if you do n't like it you have my permission to come round my house and get a refund ! Somehow I do n't think I 'll be paying out ...
 To echo the sentiment of the other reviews , this CD is 100 % pure EXCELLENT ! I discovered Nik Kershaw back in the days of Human Racing and the Riddle was and is on of my alltime favorites . Anybody who remembers the way his music captured you back when you were in 9th grade -LRB- like I was -RRB- will undoubtedly love 15 Minutes . We should count ourselves as lucky to be familiar with Nik 's music , even if you have to hunt for it .
 It is truly a thrill to have Nik back after the 10 long years of waiting since his last album , the brilliant but undeservedly ignored ` The Works ' . And I must admit that the waiting is well rewarded with this new outing ! The little man with the great sonmgwriting talent has returned with a completely new and fresh , more guitar-oriented sound , and he still has an incredible flair for writing catchy , intelligent songs with some surprising chord changes and interesting lyrics . My favourites are ` Somebody Loves You ' , ` Shine On ' , ` Your Brave Face ' , ` Fiction ' , and the title track , but there is not one bad song on this album . And to all of you stateside
 like I said in the title ... Nik is BRILLIANT . this guy ... he takes a melody and makes it his own testament to the human condition . 15 mins is a GREAT album full of beautiful melodies and lyrics . no song is wasted or filler.for those of us who love and crave REAL MUSIC in an era where the recording industry has all but forgotten about looking for new TALENT and true musicianship , Nik Kershaw is an oasis in the desert of CRAP -LRB- HIP HOP for one example ! -RRB- that seems to be ever present on the airwaves.I just recently bought his new CD , `` you 've got ta laugh '' via his website , from Shorthouse records and he picked up right where he left off in 1999 . there might be the better part of a decade between albums but HIS MUSIC IS ALWAYS WORTH THE WAIT , FOLKS !!! BUY HIS ALBUMS !!!!!
 Kershaw reminds me of a lot of other pop/rock singer-songwriters like Aimee Mann , Elliot Smith or Glenn Philips who are never appreciated to the degree they should be , because -LRB- especially young -RRB- people are always looking for the excessiveness in popular music . It is n't exactly something you say ... `` check out 15 minutes , this f & * % n rocks man '' . But repeated listens reveal a man who has a gift for writing this kind of music that is only shared by a handful of people on the planet -LRB- think Paul McCartney , Sting in the Police years , etc. -RRB- . Beatiful , moving , perfect songs .
 This is by far Nik Kershaw 's best work yet and one of the best albums I 've ever bought . Nearly every song on the album is one you 'll want to hear over and over . I 've always liked his songs but I was not prepared for how much Nik has improved over time and it was a great surprise . Nik
 I 've been a Nik Kershaw fan from his first album , through the 12 '' singles and even a Kershaw calendar ! Of all the `` 80s icons '' to recently release albums , Nik 's new 15 Minutes is the most refreshing of all . Fans wo n't be disappointed , especially by the new version of `` Would n't It Be Good '' that is an unlisted bonus on the CD . The track `` Shine On '' is particularly powerful in every aspect . Listening to an album like this keeps my faith alive in music . With all the processed tunes being forced on us by MTV and VH1 , it 's time to feel good again with artists like Nik Kershaw , Sinead Lohan , and Aimee Mann ...
 Like other reviewers below , I NEVER thought I 'd see another Nik Kershaw album , but I kept checking periodically nonetheless . Boy , did it pay off ! From the opening song , `` Somebody Loves You '' to the surprise-closing , an acoustic rendering of `` Would n't It Be Good , '' this CD is a rare find - full of satifaction from beginning to end . `` Billy '' and `` Shine On '' are early favorites.I consider Nik to be one of the best kept secrets in music -LRB- Lowen & Navarro would be the other -RRB- . And what little his first two albums lost in longevity because of the synth-heavy production , `` 15 Minutes '' will overcome . It has the same clean , clever , original writing , but with mostly guitars and drums . Reading the song lyrics alone is a moving experience . Seeing what a previous reviewer said about Nik 's home life , I 'm ready to nominate him for sainthood.DO buy this CD - it 's about time a nice guy `` finished first ! ''
 This is a front to back cd which is a rarity . Kershaw puts together intelligent , thought-provoking lyrics with layered music that always has a lot going on.His creativity in terms of sounds that he comes up with is incredible . One can hear a little radiohead influence on this album.His transition from 80 's alterna-pop to his now contemporary 90 's acoustic-based sound seems so natural and is actually an improvement on his earlier stuff . I ca n't wait to hear what he comes up with next .
 I waited so long for this album and I am glad that I did . I am sooooooo excited that Nik is back and hope he plans to come to the U.S. soon so I can see him live . The album captures so many emotions and I LOVE `` Somebody Loves You '' . The lyrics remind of `` Faces '' and I feel almost as if it was meant as a sequel to it . I had to ask my brother to take the CD away from me for a bit so I did n't wear it out , I keep playing it and playing it . Nik Kershaw has definitely aged gracefully . He gets better each year . I am so glad I never lost faith in him making a comeback . Wherever Nik is now , God Bless -LRB- and try to come to New York soon !! -RRB-
 What can I say ?! Nik Kershaw produces something surprising , and definitely refreshing once again ! Those who would buy this CD just because songs like `` Would n't it be Good '' just wo n't escape their heads clear back from the 80 's , and ca n't get enough of Nik will be pleasantly surprised to hear a completely new twist to Nik 's classic sound . Nik seems to have found his own `` 90 's '' sound without compromising his incredible , and original song-writing talent . I have n't found many 80 's artists that have been able to successfully make the crossover to the 90 's -LRB- without sounding like they 've been assimilated by the Borg -RRB- like Nik does with this production of perfect tracks . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've have always thought that ` Violet to Blue ' from ` Radio Musicola ' was one of Niks ' best accomplishments . However , after listening to this new album , there are some new contenders . Every track on this album is refreshing and complete . I can hear some sounds that resemble a ` Crowded House ' feel -LRB- which is all good -RRB- , but apart from that , this album still sounds like Nik , but newer and more developed . It 's all I could have hoped for , and if people listen to this with a clean ear , I am sure that they can break free of the 80 's stigma that has plagued other artists efforts to re-establish themselves in the 90 's . Throughout his work in the early 90 's Nik continued to progress in his musical style , however this has been with other artists and not as a ` lead ' . Therefore people may have not seen Niks ' development in his musical style . This CD is the end result , and shows that he is a `` Musicians ' musician '' . Nik has an amazing ability to write tight , memorable songs , and this ability has , in my opinion , grown greatly . These are not just catchy songs ; They are great songs ! , with mature lyrics and all well produced.All in all , a great CD . Great work Nik .
 Not only has Nik not lost his touch over his ten-year absence , this album is so full of excellent playing and writing that it could easily pass as a best-of in its own right . The melodies take such interesting turns from minor to major that you will be hooked from the very first listen . Nik , this confirms that your 15 Minutes were NOT over with the eighties . Fantastic work .
 Some musicians are better known for quality over quantity and Nik Kershaw is definitely one of them . What a welcome and enjoyable release this is ! Two thumbs way up . My only wish is that Nik will come to the states sometime soon and play his wonderful music . Would n't that be good !
 I remember him in the 80 's . I found some new tracks of his on youtube . Those tracks grew on me and I bought the CD . It 's true , just about every song is great.Slower pace and slightly more acoustic than his 80 's work . The songs are more from his heart , which is where every good song comes from.It 's that type of album .
 Of course most of us , myself included , first heard ol' Nik with `` Would n't It Be Good '' . And then most of us , myself included , promptly forgot about ol' Nik even though we wore the grooves off the Human Racing album in the meantime.But this one kind of suprised me in that it was a Nik Kershaw who had lived a little and gotten a little more of life experience under his belt to where there was more things to write about in his life - and life in general . 15 minutes -LRB- the song -RRB- takes on a whole new meaning when you consider his short-lived popularity way back when.But the song the brings it all together for me is `` What Do You Think Of It So Far ? '' This is a song about a guy who is realizing that life may be halfway over and what do you have to show for it.And most of us who remember Human Racing are in the same boat . What do you think of it so far?With music like this , I think it 's been a pretty nice ride so far .
 This is what I listen to when I 'm in my Adult Contemporary mood . -LRB- Well it 's Kershaw more often than it is Springsteen -RRB- I 've heard of all Nik 's old 80 's albums , and this really makes them sound bad . I mean , of course , songs such as `` The Riddle '' and `` Would n't It Be Good '' are better than anything on earth , but this new material is consistently impressive . `` Billy '' is instantly likeable , while songs like `` Shine On '' and `` Made in Heaven '' are the slower favourites . `` God Bless '' is the only stinker , while every other song entertains us with cool guitars and songs that really grow on you over time.I guess all I 'm trying , to say , it 's worth the wait when an artist perfects their art instead of churning out rubbish twice a year .
 Bryan Wilson 's solo album is just in words I ca n't explain but breathtaking . He is truly anointed by God . If this brotha keeps doing albums like this , he is going to tear the scene in gospel music .
 I saw Bryan on BET one morning and I really enjoyed it so I just had to come to his website and listen to some of his music and learn more about him . It is great to see someone else my age that is not afraid to tell the world that he loves The Lord and I hope that more young people like me will come to his website and get something out of it like I did !
 bryan wilson is da bomb ! I am a singer myself and i know good talent when i hear it . and when he sang `` His Eye is on the Sparrow '' , it blow me away ! He is phenomenal and I love to hear him sing because he feels what he is singing about and what singing really is -- the anointing you put into it , not the show so many people try to put on . I wish you much success in the future to come . Maybe I 'll get to sing with you when I come out . May God forever bless you in your music ministry ! Much love , Your sister in Christ , constantlysingin@dixie-net.com
 bryan wilson is da bomb ! I am a singer myself and i know good talent when i hear it . and when he sang `` His Eye is on the Sparrow '' , it blow me away ! He is phenomenal and I love to hear him sing because he feels what he is singing about and what singing really is -- the anointing you put into it , not the show so many people try to put on . I wish you much success in the future to come . Maybe I 'll get to sing with you when I come out . May God forever bless you in your music ministry ! Much love , Your sister in Christ , Connie
 This cd is great . I love him and his style of singing . Every song on his cd is touching . U ca n't say that about many cd 's .
 This cd is great . I love him and his style of singing . Every song on his cd is touching . U ca n't say that about many cd 's .
 After watching Bryan this morning on BET , I just had to come to his site and tell him how wonderful and awesome he is and that he is truly an inspiration to todays youth . I hope that the lord will continue to keep him at the hem of his robe .
 Bryan is a young man with a very BIG voice ! I love his four contemporary cuts -LRB- # 2,3,4,5 -RRB- . His traditional and choir cuts are sure to be sung by soloists and choirs the world over . Another voice change of Bryan 's is evident but , the quality and powerful presence of professionalism is even MORE evident !! The anointing of the Spirit rests heavily on this !! Great job by the producers and the incomparable ... Bryan Wilson !!
 Bryan , I had the opportunity to meet you last year at my church . It had been so long since I heard any thing from you , that I was totally blown away , when I came to realize who you were . I must tell you that the `` Lord Thy God '' really is on your side , and that you really have been called to do all that you do ; Singing , Ministering , and blessing the lives of such young girls and boys in ways that you will probably never know . You and your songs are a gift to both me and my children , Cierra and Maliek . Thank You ! I would also like to let you know that I just recently found out that my father is a big fan of yours . That makes me feel really good because he is a hard one to please . You are an ispiration to Maliek because he wants to be able to sing just like Bryan -LRB- his big brother -RRB- . By now , I hope you know who I am and remember , You are Loved . Keep living for God , doing his will , and you will receive an even greater anointing on your life . Jesus Cares For You ! I can truly relate to every song on the Cd , `` Growing Up '' , especially , `` My God '' . You were so right when you said that the devil wants us to believe that God does n't care and that he wo n't forgive . But for anyone , that may be in doubt , just know that God is true to his word
 bryan wilson is da bomb ! I am a singer myself and i know good talent when i hear it . and when he sang `` His Eye is on the Sparrow '' , it blow me away ! He is phenomenal and I love to hear him sing because he feels what he is singing about and what singing really is -- the anointing you put into it , not the show so many people try to put on . I wish you much success in the future to come . Maybe I 'll get to sing with you when I come out . May God forever bless you in your music ministry ! Much love , Your sister in Christ , Connie
 Bryan is really being used by God . I have the opportunity to know him in person and he is the same on tv as he is in real life . So if you have n't brought the cd Go and get it Now !
 The product sounds very grown up now . I have heard him with the Mississippi Mass Junior Chorus when he led `` His Eyes on The Sparrow '' He has changed very much . He sounds more grown up . I am going to buy the product '' Growing Up '' . I 've been looking for his album called `` Bryan 's Songs '' . And another one where he sings with Shawn Pace.Keep on Keepng on Bryan
 Praize Da Lord
 I enjoy your music so much and every last one of your songs touch my heart . As a teenager I consider you a positive appearance and influence to all the other young people that they can be used of God and that they can stay saved . Be Blessed and keep looking up because your help cometh from the Lord and if you acknowledge God in all you do he will direct your path and give you the desires of your heart . God Bless You , take care , and continue to let God use you !
 When the CD got to my house , it was security packaged with the original cover and the CD was in excellent condition . When I played the CD , the sound was crisp and the songs played just like new . I love this CD and have been waiting for it for a long time .
 This album is in the studio/live-split format that has worked for other artists , like Karen Clark-Sheard . The studio tracks show off the shapeliness of Wilson 's voice , while one really feels his flow in the live tracks , which are highlighted by audience responses a-plenty and some very classic impromptu moments.One of my favorite songs is `` God Will Take of You , '' which features that oh-so-emotional guitarist James Dubose , who is crazily fresh , and energetic in his stunning guitar riffs . The other musicians and the singers in the live section are also very skilled , a very fitting pedestal to Wilson 's monumental voice.Let 's talk about that voice . This recording seems to have been done while Wilson was still redeveloping his voice after it changed . Those who have heard him lately know that he has recovered and fully mastered a very strong counter-tenor range in addition to his natural tenor . There are times when Bryan 's voice could have been more to the forefront during the live tracks , but even then , there is no doubt about the excellence of his style and the way he does n't overdo it as many singers tend to . The late Rev. James Moore left a thumbprint on `` Yes , God Is Real , '' which places Wilson in what may have been his most comfortable musical environment , a hymn . Listeners may wish that the album had n't ended so soon when Wilson 's voice begins to fade away . But we are favored with a little bit more of the headbanging vamp of `` God Will Take Care of You '' to speed us off.Of the studio tracks , my favorite may be `` God Is On Your Side , '' but all of them are well done , singable , and memorable . The first actual track is an spoken word introduction to the album that uses a clip of the song that pushed Wilson to the forefront , `` His Eye Is On the Sparrow '' with the Mississippi Children 's Choir . The production team is not slack ; indeed , they seem pretty ambitious , sampling a track that Tupac made famous -LRB- his `` The Way It Is '' becomes Wilson 's `` He is '' -RRB- . But their strength shows not in remixing but in original songs , like `` Only You '' and `` It 's Jesus ' Time . '' Wilson 's voice pours like a mellow , golden wine into each of these songs.Of course the Bryan Wilson you hear on this album , for all the praise that his work here may afford , is still not half as charismatic as the Bryan Wilson he is today . Energetic and riff-inspired as ever , he has developed a style that at least in a category of musical excellence with the likes of Tonex and Smokey Norful with an anointed ease . Hopefully , the world will soon hear of what has become of '90s gospel 's greatest boy genius and realized what an anointing they have missed .
 This album has truly been an inspiration to me . It 's not often that I see a young adult in the spotlight who has such an anointing and a calling from God , and who is willing and excited about proclaiming the gospel of God and trying to win souls for Him . Being only 19 , it encourages me and lets me know that God can use me even in my youth and that He can anoint me and have His way in my life . It has truly been a blessing to me and I 'm sure that it will bless others as well . I pray that God will continue to get the glory in Brian 's life and that He will use him and bless him even more .
 Praise the Lord , The songs Bryan sings touch me in a way that I ca n't express.I really enjoy his singing and I hope god keep blessing him in that and his preaching BE BLESSED
 Having just reviewed XTC 'S Wasp Star , I thought I would check out previous reviews of their works.Only to find out that unless you live outside the USA , then anything of true Englishness will slip you by.Come , Come , you can not seriously quote from Andy & Colin 's alter-ego 's when reviewing XTC , it 's called satire/parody . This may not be Nonsuch.Oranges & Lemon 's , or to think of it any other work by the guys.But who cares , poetry , prose are all any works by these 2 Swindon guys , is all it is about.Having not heard from them for so long , any offering is gratefully accepted.This work is a step back to earlier days , without the guitars and as such does not suffer one iota for it-Brilliant . Buy it or else face the wrath of Mark Lamaar -LRB- that 's an in joke for us Brits and will no doubt have slipped you by !!!!!! -RRB-
 Yes , the arrangements are almost identical to the studio release . But in many cases the performances are superior . Vocals come through clearer ; ideas are more obvious . It 's a real testament to their musicianship/professionalism that the songs are so similar in demo and final form . Clearly , they are their own producers , rather than pretty faced fools who let others turn their songs into hits . Have some heart , pundits . They need the money . I read a long -LRB- and entertaining -RRB- interview where they described how much it cost to rent the orchestra for one day . It wiped out almost all the money they had . Yes , their own money . So if you wan na hear the second Apple Venus , quit yer yappin . This demo CD is for supporters and fans of musicians , rather than record companies .
 One of the biggest problems I have with XTC is that so few people realize that Andy Partridge and Colin Moulding are Britain 's greatest gift to songwriting since Lennon and McCartney . But you see , you ca n't really tell people this without them reacting as if you just blasphemed God.That being stated , my reaction to those detractors who consider this release to be self indulgent would have to be something like , would you say something like that if The Beatles released a collection of rough demos of songs before being produced as polished albums ? Imagine Abbey Road before the orchestral arrangements and segues were worked in.If anything , hearing the rough takes of these magnificent songs gives a deeper appreciation for each one , if you happen to adore the album as much as I do . Actually , before buying this version I was expecting a tad more rough edges ; I was n't aware that much of the `` orchestral '' arrangement on Apple Venus was sampled sound . So let the buyer beware ... this is not exactly the `` unplugged '' approach.Homespun could indeed be considered a for-fans-only release . Or maybe directed towards `` limited edition '' suckers like myself . I guess I just appreciate this album because it 's sort of an invitation into the musical world of a songwriting team I happen to respect very highly , especially after such an admirable comeback effort as Apple Venus . I have already sung its praises in another review of that album . Hopefully THAT wo n't be considered too self-indulgent .
 I think a couple of people are missing the point ... The reason this is out is -LRB- I heard -RRB- they did n't have the cash to finish AV Vol 2 , so this would generate some cash AND be of interest to their core fans . Plus , the demos ~ are ~ a good insight to their creative process ... . I ~ love ~ to see the rough drafts ... If you 're just waiting for Vol 2 , why did you buy this in the first place ?
 This unique ` home demo ' cd offers a rare insight into the creative process of writing and recording the Apple Venus Vol . I album and it is an essential purchase for every xtc fan .
 Clearly designed for the XTC fan , Homespun probably is n't the best place to be introduced to the band . Still , the variations -LRB- minor though they may be -RRB- are interesting between final draft and rough sketch . Both Partridge and Moulding have a fairly clear idea as to what they want the final product to sound like.The packaging is actually superior to AV1 with reproductions of lyrics , etc. , that make this a much more attractive package than the average `` rarities '' package . The cover art , a visual pun on the AV1 cover , is quite clever . A bonus that might have made this disc a little more fun for the XTC fan would have been to include the spoken word portion featured on the singles about how each song was created.Oh , well , for that you have to get the Japanese import -LRB- it features the previously released `` How they came to be '' sections -RRB- .
 first of all , the whole ` obscene abomination of a song ' thing does not paraphrase The Dukes Of Stratosphear -LRB- XTC -RRB- it is simply a line in one of thier songs taken from a radio interview of a guy whining about the lyrics of an unrelated 1970s anti-war song . . they just liked the line . secondly ... any TRUE XTC fan would know exactly what they are getting from a demo album ... if you had ever listened to any ` recorded live ' / radio performance you would be impressed with the quality of thier sound ... . particularily ` acoustic ' performances , so what is your logic ... they are demos ... so they have to sound rough and scratchy ? go record all your cds on to poor quality audio tape if thats what you want ... . the fact of the matter is . . the only time i have EVER heard a poor XTC performance is when there has been TOO MUCH electronics used and ruined thier own ` natural sound ' the reason these particular demos sound as good as the CD is because A
 First thing 's first , `` Homespun '' is an album of demos for `` Apple Venus '' . If you do n't have that record , look there first -LRB- although if you 're new to XTC , `` Skylarking '' is the usual recommendation -RRB- . So a collection of demos , what to expect ? Essentially it 's a track-by-track match for `` Apple Venus '' . Sonically , you could n't tell it 's so much a set of demos except in a couple places -LRB- `` Frivolous Tonight '' -RRB- because it sounds so complete , in fact to the point where some pieces sound virtually identical to their final takes -- even in places you would n't expect it like orchestral workouts `` River of Orchids '' and `` Green Man '' . Is it interesting ? Yeah , extremely , and in a lot of places it can be as good or better than the original -LRB- `` Knights in Shining Karma '' -RRB- , but truth to be told , unless you 're a diehard , you probably do n't need to hear the work versions of this material . More casual fans definitely want to check out `` Apple Venus '' , it 's a fine record .
 -LRB- ... the cover currently displayed belongs to the `` parent '' album , Apple Venus . Homespun 's cover is similar , but is an embroidery of the peacock feather . -RRB- I purchased both Apple Venus and Homespun the same day . It could be argued this is a little like buying two copies of the same album , but as has been stated elsewhere , Homespun 's principle appeal is to people interested in the creative process of Mssrs . Partridge and Moulding.For my tastes , I actually prefer the production decisions -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- made for Homespun -- but then I am predisposed to liking rougher , rawer music . I prefer polaroids to digital photographs , for that matter.There are tiny scraps of `` raw acoustic demos '' scattered here and there over the course of Homespun , but generally the songs are presented in fairly finished form . -LRB- The `` single drop of water '' that opens `` River of Orchids '' is missing , so every review of Homespun does n't begin with some sort of reference to it ! -RRB- Only a few songs are significantly different than how they appear on Apple Venus V. 1 . Either version is a great purchase . If you like things lusher and more pristine , get Apple Venus . If you like mapping the songcrafting process , you 'll enjoy Homespun . If you really like XTC anyway , you should just get them both .
 Probably one of my favorite albums ever is Apple Venus pt . 1 . Therefore , the demos were a welcome addition to my collection . Its great to see how the songs came into being , and how a studio mix , production , etc. , can take wonderfully raw music and transform it into a masterpiece . Try it !
 If you like Doo Wop , like I do , then this is the Cd for you . A good mix of songs , well recorded/manufactured , will enable you to sit and listen for hours .
 This CD is typical of what your would expect from Idle Cure , good , old fashioned rock 'n' roll with Christian tones and themes . The music is inspirational and makes you feel good as you listen to it . I think any Christian rock fan would enjoy this . Idle Cure has a unigue sound that sets them apart from other bands . Give it a listen - you will like it .
 There 's alot going on here . I like the fact that there is n't just one vocalist in this band , or for that matter , one sound . Little champion 's indie pop meld might sound like quasi on one song then sound like gang of four on another . The song structures are intriquing ... maybe , at some times a little arty . Yet , this is a very listenable release that does n't sink into the ocean of obvious indie pop .
 1 . Complicated - Avril Lavigne2 . I 'm With You - Avril Lavigne3 . Naked - Avril Lavigne4 . Things I 'll Never Say - Avril Lavigne5 . Mobile - Avril Lavigne6 . Sk8er Boi - Avril Lavigne7 . Losing Grip - Avril Lavigne8 . Unwanted - Avril Lavigne9 . Tomorrow - Avril Lavigne10 . Anything But Ordinary - Avril Lavigne11 . My World - Avril Lavigne12 . Nobody 's Fool - Avril Lavigne
 I 've listened to many hypnotic sessions from many authors aimed at sports performance , and this is the best that I 've found . Singer 's voice is quite soothing and the techniques that he uses to get you into a trans-like state are more effective than all the others I 've listened to . In order for hypnosis to be effective , you need to be very relaxed , calm , and open to suggestion . If you are not used to being hypnotized , he may sound unenthusiastic at first , but it is much more effective at getting you into a trans state than lively speech . I 've been listening to this daily for a couple weeks and have been feeling much more enthusiastic and confidant about my sports performance . If you are truly open to hypnosis as a real performance booster , then I highly recommend this CD .
 This is a good sampling of bruce and miss nelson , but if you get into the weirder aspects of them like me , you 'll want to hear the original records or tapes because the `` deep album cuts '' -LRB- hehe deep childrens ' cuts -RRB- are full of all kind of weird bits both thematically and musically . You can actually still get the original tapes -- I did -- from miss nelson herself at www.grannypress.com , after discovering their www on ... actually , this very record . I was thrilled to be able to get the tapes , although they are a little edited with some substitutions or alternate takes of songs on the LPs . The only place you can find the LPs is all scratched up in public libraries lol -- that 's where I first heard '' The Electronic Record for Children , '' which got me goin ' on Bruce . Bellingham Public Library . If you really want to hear the genius of Bruce Haack goin wild and minus the childrens ' act , I very highly recommend you get `` electric lucifer book 2 . '' Its an beautiful , amazing peice of electronica , recorded in 1978 . EL 1 was released in 1970 i think , and is good also , but has a little too much hippy-dippiness0 . Bruce is beautiful on el2 . Its available on CD only . I guess there 's also a couple of recorded but as-yet not released records out there , like `` Skullastic '' and `` electric lucifer 3 -- identified flying object '' -LSB- !!!!! -RSB- We can only hope to ever get to hear those . EL2 remained unreleased until just a few years ago itself . Bruce died fairly young at about 60 , just two years before I first heard him .
 I loved this album ! I 'm only 15 , but i know my music , and this music is something i am definitely glad to know . It 's different , it 's fun , it 's interesting , and it 's one of a kind ! If you do n't have it , get it ! Share it with everyone ! I guarantee it will give you a whole new meaning of music . With Bruce Haack 's inventiveness , and Esther Nelson 's expressiveness , you will want to listen to it again and again !
 This CD is a magical tour of music and movement concepts that invites creative response from the listener.Particular favorites are `` Motorcycle Ride '' , `` American Eagle '' and `` Army Ants in Your Pants '' . I would expect this record to be very useful for teachers , especially at the Elementary School level .
 ... for a wall-to-wall landing . '' To paraphrase a line in Bruce Sterling 's `` Crytonomicon , '' Bruce Haack was the beard and Esther Nelson was the suit . Their unlikely union produced a dozen or so of the wonderful , incredibly strange children 's records from which the CD has been compiled -LRB- most of the full albums are still available on cassette -RRB- -- basically , some strange , obliquely educational situation is set up , narrated by egghead Haack and the ever-clement Miss Nelson , and backed by BH 's primitive synth contraptions and whirring oscillators . `` The Jelly Dancers '' is absolutelt infectious , as are `` Army Ants In Your Pants '' and the long , sad tale of `` Coco the Coconut '' -LRB- both of them among the many songs featuring Miss Nelson 's own children -RRB- , and `` Upside Down '' is so out it alsmost does n't belong here , one of those stratospheric Haack compositions which take you so far into neverneverland you have to actually think about it to back down to earth when it 's over . Hours of fun for the whole family -- buy an extra copy and send it to that stiff , dry old Calvinist who calls himself your father-in-law .
 I bought this CD after hearing a friend of mine use it for her general music classes . My students request it often , so I use it as a special treat . I 'm amazed at how they respond to and dramatize `` Motorcycle Ride '' , `` Popcorn '' and `` Army Ants '' .
 bruce haack is a guy that never truly received all the recognition he deserved . the sounds he created from the limited resources he had were stunning . the only bad thing i have to say about this record is that its too short ! if you like this compilation , you should try the `` hush little robot '' cd , another recent haack retrospective collection that focuses on his more `` mature '' recordings ... ok , robot . that is all .
 I received this record as a gift and have listened to it over and over with my friends at school . Many of the items are great for kids , but my friends and I love the psychedelic music and sound effects . My current favorite is `` Army Ants in Your Pants '' ... very imaginative !
 This disc kicks dragon man ... check it outb4 yo microwave starts talkin ' 2 U when your ` reasleep ... namean ?
 I 'm the artist that designed and created the pamphlet and layout of the CD . Why do n't you show the cover on your web site ?? German Arbelaez
 When Inge Borkh at the age of 53 said her farewell to opera , hardly anyone would guess that she turned back to stageplay and as something new to become a chanteuse . Her first invention , ` Inge Borkh singt , was sie weiss ' was never recorded , but so was No. 2 , ` Inge Borkh singt ihre memoiren ' , an allegory of a singer 's start , career and withdrawal . It 's done with a lot of charm , -LRB- self -RRB- - irony and wit . Knowledge of German is required , but with such a luggage you get a most inspired view into vocal and lingual exercise , theatre colleagues , keeping up a career , considerations as to whether and when to stop and finally the positive resignation that whatever you do , you wo n't get rid of the theatre as such . The final allegory song ` Ich komm ' vom Theater nicht los ' is a real masterpiece . Inge Borkh whom I have the great good fortune to know personally told me of this record already in 1990 , and the following year I had the luck of finding it in a Viennese shop . With the best recommendations!Uffe LindumDK-8300 Odder
 Label
 Michelangeli reminds me of Heifetz in that he had a stupendous technique , but did n't seem to have any special insights into the music 's depths . This performance of Mozart 's 20th is in much better sound than his recording with GiuliniMozart
 I too , was a fan of this group . `` Why Did You Run Away '' , was oneof the better freestyle songs in local airplay during it 's time . I took them for granted a little bit , and now I regret never buying their greatest hits CD , figuring I would pick it up another day . About 10 years later ... . I am still lookingto find their greatest hits CD . I can still remember seeingthem play at Casanova 's in Hialeah . Suerte !
 Why 5 stars ? While a vast majority of the populace has probably never even heard of Secret Society , I hold the band close to my heart for several reasons . First , they were a Miami phenomenon during the Freestyle years which occurred in my late teens and early twenty . These hometown boys were , for a short time , appearing absolutely everywhere in the south Florida club scene . These were the days before South Beach became the nightlife Mecca it is now , and cruising The Grove -LRB- check it for those who know -RRB- was at the peak of popularity . To my knowledge , only the -LRB- ever changing -RRB- duo Lime was more ubiquitous . Second , here was a local band that mixed dance music with New Wave , and threw in a little Latin-culture-afro-Cuban influence into their musical Cuisinart . An outstanding and novel feat for a group of this kind during this relatively short-lived musical movement . From Cuban-Jazz jams like `` Da Boyz with Da New Look '' to impeccable ballads like `` Too Blind to See '' , with a sax riff as memorable as the one from Geroge Michael 's `` I 'm never Gon na Dance Again '' -LRB- heady praise indeed -RRB- , this band had a style , a flair , and a range rarely seen today .
 Incredible CD and amazing group ! ... you wont be disappointed .
 They were good.Early Miami Club Sound . Later to be imitated by others . Listening to their music makes me want to be back and re-live my youth , my club scene days . Saw them perform live.Before the Beach as we called it became `` South Beach '' . If you want fun dance music then find this cd.If you were around at that time it will bring back memories .
 The ONLY drawback to this Delta Leisure Group offering on one of the legends of R&R ; is the complete absence of a proper discography and the haphazard alignment of the 40 tracks which offers no chronological order whatsoever.Certainly , any fan who is familiar with Little Richard 's Specialty output , will recognize many of the tracks as among his more prominent cuts with that label after he seemingly burst onto the scene out of nowhere with the immortal Aw Wop Bop A Loo Bop A Wap Bam Boom ... Tutti Frutti in early January 1956 , just as many tracks might draw some puzzled looks . When and where were these recorded ? Were they also part of the Specialty catalogue?They are , in fact , among his output for the giant RCA Victor as well as for the tiny Peacock label long before he assailed the public conscience with his wild on-stage antics on national TV in 1956 . Indeed his first single came way back in 1951 on RCA Victor 20-4392 , with Every Hour b/w Taxi Blues , followed in early 1952 by Get Rich Quick b/w Thinkin ' ` Bout My Mother on RCA Victor 20-4582 . Later that year he had Ai n't Nothin ' Happenin ' b/w Why Did You Leave Me ? on RCA Victor 20-4772 . Towards the end of 1953 , Peacock released Ai n't That Good News ? b/w Fool At The Wheel , followed early in 1954 by Rice , Red Beans And Turnip Greens b/w Always , both billed to The Tempo-Toppers featuring Little Richard on Peacock 1616 and Peacock 1628 . Also in 1954 they issued Little Richard 's Boogie b/w Directly From My Heart under the billing Little Richard with The Johnny Otis Orchestra on Peacock 1658 . That same year RCA tried again with I Brought It All On Myself b/w Please Have Mercy On Me on RCA Victor 20-6025 . None of these made any national charts , never mind a splash with the public , but it alerted some of the more daring and enterprising operations that here was a potential force for this `` new '' music being called Rock 'N' Roll , but which had actually been around in one form or another for a number of years - just under different labels -LRB- Jump , R&B ; , Boogie Woogie -RRB- . Of course it took white artists like Bill Haley and then Carl Perkins and Elvis Presley to bring it into mainsteam airwaves . And then the flood-gates opened.But these are done very much in the same manner as some of his later hits and is a must for any serious collector of the origins of R&R. ; Of course , his Specialty releases like Tutti Frutti , Long Tall Sally , Lucille , She 's Got It , Good Golly Miss Molly , Ready Teddy , Jenny Jenny , Miss Ann , etc. are enshrined in the R&R ; Hall Of Fame with him , and these are available on any number of excellent Little Richard compilations -LRB- although you might wish to take note of two that appeared in his first Specialty LP 199 and EP 401 in 1956 , rhese being Oh Why and Baby , the latter also reappearing in December 1959 as the single Specialty 681 -RRB- . But you wo n't find those RCA and Peacock sides in too many excellent compilations such as this , which has great sound and three pages of liner notes by Neil Kellas . If they had only included a proper discography/sessionography and placed the selections in proper order . For that it loses 1 star .
 Very pleased w/this video.Good views of pianist while he performaned . A guality video . The orchestra and piano really complemented one another.Thank you .
 Really about a 4.7 , but definitely closer to 5 than 4 . Orchestra was very good although not a rival to Berlin . Photography was extremely crisp . My biggest gripe is that on several occasions during Beethoven 's Emperor Piano Concerto the camera cut away from the pianist just as he was reaching a crescendo . Otherwise , direction and camera work were fine . I really could n't list any flaws in the performance of Brahms ' Symphony # 3 . In addition to the DVD-video , there is also an hour + of DVD-audio performances of Brahms Piano Concerto and waltzes.All together , a good value given the total amount of music and worth a spot in your collection .
 This DVD has rare footage of Steven De Groote -LRB- 1977 Van Cliburn competition Gold Medalist -RRB- playing Chopin Piano Concerto No. 2 in 1983 when he was 30 years old . De Groote died in 1989 at age 36 . While visiting relatives in South Africa , he was hospitalized for pneumonia and influenza , eventual cause of death was inflammation of the liver . We lost one of the most promising pianists of his generation.The program on the DVD is : Schumann
 I 've admired Maria Tipo for some time , since I got her recording of the Bach Partitas for keyboard in the mid 90 's . And recently most of her recordings have become available again . To see her on video is a special treat . Everything she plays ranks among the best with me . Her interpretations are masterful -- beautifully considered yet always with an air of spontaneity . I have all her recordings that I am aware of and am always on the lookout for more .
 Frans Br&uuml;ggen has been a major presence in the `` authentic '' and period instrument performance movement for decades . His CD recordings , including outstanding interpretations of Beethoven 's Eroica and Mozart 's Requiem with the Dutch Orchestra of the Eighteenth Century , are sought out by his fans . I was curious to see him in action and found the experience of this 1991 Lugano film highly rewarding . The Lebrun Oboe Concerto is not very memorable , but pleasing to the ear , and the soloist Omar Zoboli is excellent . The concert 's highlight is Mozart 's Haffner Symphony , presented with all repeats , in a gripping , dramatic and what might be called `` semi-authentic '' performance . Br&uuml;ggen has his musicians , the very fine Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana , on their toes throughout , playing with minimal vibrato , sharp accents in the brass and the timpani , and a stylishly lean classicist string intonation . On all accounts , this is a bargain as well as a collector 's piece .
 This is a 1986 concert performance of the Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana conducted by Christof Escher with piano soloist Mikhail Rudy . Compositions are Mozart 's Clemenza di Tito Overture , Piano Concerto 21 , Rondo from Piano Concerto 16 and Schubert 's Symphony # 3 . Program length is 77 minutes with an additional 53 minutes of dvd audio . Dolby Digital 5.1 sound.Recorded in Lugano , Switzerland for broadcast on tv . All technical aspects are good but not exceptional.This will not be one of the top classical dvd 's in your collection but I recommend buying it if you 're looking for fine performances of these particular works .
 This was a true bargain and mainly because of that i give it 5 stars . The performances are not five star but all in all no one should complain at this price . You want great perfomance ? it does n't generally come at this price but the performance is worth what this is priced at without doubt . A good one to introduce yourself to classical music if you are not an expert looking for star quality . These pieces are not especially thrilling to me but i am replacing my vhs library . Admittedly , this was n't on my list but when i saw the price I jumped at it .
 This was a good opportunity to study the 2 great composers , Each one with wonderful talent and a diffrent style/approach to each composers work .
 Well ... This is definately one of the better Pitchshifter albums , in my opinion ... It has a great combination of metal , punk , industrial , goth , and techno , which makes for yet another interesting experience as it is not heard much nowadayz ... . While not as direct and soul-driven as the lyrics of previous albums , the lyrics of `` Deviant '' still get the point across and smash the windows of any illusory ideas as to what they feel . The music itself is masterfully recorded and played with much more maturity while still bearing the intensity and angst of the Pitchshifter everyone knows -LRB- if you know who they are -RRB- . My favorite tracks would have to be `` Wafer Thin '' , `` Hidden Agenda '' , `` Scene This '' , and `` Everything 's ... -LRB- Again -RRB- '' ... . All worthy tracks that are definately worth a listen ... . Almost sheer perfection in their form ... . If I had to compare them to anyone it would be my favorite band , Ministry , because of their -LRB- Pitchshifter 's -RRB- intelligient lyrics that still somehow remain vague at times , their beautifully crunching , stop-motion , de-tuned guitar riffs , and electronic out-of-this-world technoish drum beats ... If you need a new fix , or something that will grab your attention -LRB- along with everyone else 's attention -RRB- , then get a copy of this . I will guarantee that you wo n't be disappointed in any way .
 Pitchshifter are definitely one of my favorite bands these days . They are one of the most original bands out there , and although Deviant is not their best work -LRB- Infotainment by far -RRB- it still packs a sonic and quirky punch . Each song is really quite different , but they all fuse the same kind of styles together
 A great CD to follow www.pitchshifter.com , and an excellent CD to proceed P.S.I. , i enjoy everything from Pitchshifter . This CD is well worth owning and rocks from beginning to end .
 after been told time and time gain what a great band they are , I thought I 'd check them out for myself and sure enough I was ` nt dissapointed . Firstly I would say before prasing or critising this album listen to it about 6 or 7 times , absorbe it and you 'll find it 's not poppy , but at the same time not too hard hitting for songs to be irrievent.I must say if this is ` nt one of their best albums , then I 'm buying all the rest , straight from the first track you get this feeling johhny rotten , jimmy page and jello biafra have formed a band and jello 's spoken word on `` as seen on tv '' and johhnys mention on `` dead battery '' make it all the more better.Stand out tracks will depend on your tastes , but I 'd go for the up and downy `` Hidden Agenda '' the brilliant `` everything f*cked again '' best sum up of the new millenum and the sheer cheak of `` waffer thin '' with it 's abusive whisper all in all a great album that should appeal to a wide range of fans , buy it now!oh and I only gave it 4 stars as I hear I have ` nt even heard the half of the mavel that is pitchshifter !
 again Pitchshifter has changed more or less completely of style.they have been doing black metal at their beginnings , then a fusion of punk rock and drum and bass
 Once again Pitchshifter seems to have outdone themselves . With cuts like `` Hidden agenda '' and `` Condescension '' How can one go wrong . With Pitchshifter 's hard-edged combination of punk , techno , and metal ; and the brutal social commentary , this easily became one of my favorties .
 As far as accessible pop-metal goes , Pitchshifters ` deviant ' is up there with the likes of Spineshank 's ` Height of Callousness ` and Fear Factory 's ` Digimortal ' . First of all i have to say that the cover art is great . Secondly the music is great and individual . Tracks 3 , 4 and 12 really impress while tracks 1 , 2 , 7 and 9 are all very good . Infact there is n't really a bad song on this radio friendly album.They appeal to diversifying nu-metal fans and have a industrial dance style going on which works very well . This is also much better than there previous effort -LRB- although others tend to disagree -RRB- . Thoroughly recommended , but if you like girlie singing stick with Lost Prophets and Incubus .
 i agree that pitchshifter has changed from their previous album , but i wouldnt go so far as to say they sound anything like limp bizkit -LRB- thank god -RRB- , as one of the previous reviewers said . the entire cd is listenable , but some are quite a bit better than others . i would choose tracks one and seven as my favorites . as good as this cd is , it isnt as good as www.pitchshifter.com . i hope their style of music influences some other bands , because it can be a beautiful thing . heheh .
 I eagerly anticipated the release of this album , knowing whatever came out of it would be excellent . Musically , it was a dramatic change when compared to other albums such as pitchshifter.com , or infotainment ? I like the somewhat mellow approach to many songs , but dont get discouraged , they still have the heavier stuff like `` keep it clean , '' `` dead battery , '' and `` wafer thin . '' -LRB- my personal favorites -RRB- They just keep getting better and better after every release . people complain that they are going mainstream , they change for the times , and what not . At first they resembled one of my favorite bands , ministry , but look at them now , they have stepped away from that , and now have their own unique blend of techno , rock , industrial . they are on a plain all by themselves . lyrically and musically , they can not be outdone by any rock , or industrial band out at the time . This album is their best to date . PSI ROCKS
 Condescension -LRB- 3:11 -RRB- 3.5 / 5Wafer Thin -LRB- 3:31 -RRB- 3/5Keep It Clean -LRB- 3:49 -RRB- 4/5Forget the Facts -LRB- 3:16 -RRB- 5/5Hidden Agenda -LRB- 4:15 -RRB- 4.5 / 5Scene This -LRB- 3:52 -RRB- 4/5Dead Battery -LRB- 3:44 -RRB- 4/5As Seen on TV -LRB- 2:53 -RRB- 5/5Everything 's F **** D -LRB- 4:26 -RRB- 3.5 / 5Chump Change -LRB- 3:45 -RRB- 5/5Stronger -LRB- 3:38 -RRB- 4/5P . S.I. Cological -LRB- 4:38 -RRB- 3.5 / 5CD Runtime
 its fast & crazy like a skank @ mardi gras , simply put good FUN
 ... a more generic and rock based follow-up that lives up tohigh expectations . The highlights for me have to Wafer Thin , HiddenAgenda and Condescension . Each song to the point mixing electronic sounds with punk rock attitude . I do not expect this album to become a major seller simply because it 's not mainstream enough or to everyone 's taste . But for the rest - just discover .
 This album was recorded at the legendary VAN GELDER STUDIO , NJ on November 14 , 1989 and the musicians are : Houston Person
 Bryan Wilson 's solo album is just in words I ca n't explain but breathtaking . He is truly anointed by God . If this brotha keeps doing albums like this , he is going to tear the scene in gospel music .
 I saw Bryan on BET one morning and I really enjoyed it so I just had to come to his website and listen to some of his music and learn more about him . It is great to see someone else my age that is not afraid to tell the world that he loves The Lord and I hope that more young people like me will come to his website and get something out of it like I did !
 bryan wilson is da bomb ! I am a singer myself and i know good talent when i hear it . and when he sang `` His Eye is on the Sparrow '' , it blow me away ! He is phenomenal and I love to hear him sing because he feels what he is singing about and what singing really is -- the anointing you put into it , not the show so many people try to put on . I wish you much success in the future to come . Maybe I 'll get to sing with you when I come out . May God forever bless you in your music ministry ! Much love , Your sister in Christ , constantlysingin@dixie-net.com
 bryan wilson is da bomb ! I am a singer myself and i know good talent when i hear it . and when he sang `` His Eye is on the Sparrow '' , it blow me away ! He is phenomenal and I love to hear him sing because he feels what he is singing about and what singing really is -- the anointing you put into it , not the show so many people try to put on . I wish you much success in the future to come . Maybe I 'll get to sing with you when I come out . May God forever bless you in your music ministry ! Much love , Your sister in Christ , Connie
 This cd is great . I love him and his style of singing . Every song on his cd is touching . U ca n't say that about many cd 's .
 This cd is great . I love him and his style of singing . Every song on his cd is touching . U ca n't say that about many cd 's .
 After watching Bryan this morning on BET , I just had to come to his site and tell him how wonderful and awesome he is and that he is truly an inspiration to todays youth . I hope that the lord will continue to keep him at the hem of his robe .
 Bryan is a young man with a very BIG voice ! I love his four contemporary cuts -LRB- # 2,3,4,5 -RRB- . His traditional and choir cuts are sure to be sung by soloists and choirs the world over . Another voice change of Bryan 's is evident but , the quality and powerful presence of professionalism is even MORE evident !! The anointing of the Spirit rests heavily on this !! Great job by the producers and the incomparable ... Bryan Wilson !!
 Bryan , I had the opportunity to meet you last year at my church . It had been so long since I heard any thing from you , that I was totally blown away , when I came to realize who you were . I must tell you that the `` Lord Thy God '' really is on your side , and that you really have been called to do all that you do ; Singing , Ministering , and blessing the lives of such young girls and boys in ways that you will probably never know . You and your songs are a gift to both me and my children , Cierra and Maliek . Thank You ! I would also like to let you know that I just recently found out that my father is a big fan of yours . That makes me feel really good because he is a hard one to please . You are an ispiration to Maliek because he wants to be able to sing just like Bryan -LRB- his big brother -RRB- . By now , I hope you know who I am and remember , You are Loved . Keep living for God , doing his will , and you will receive an even greater anointing on your life . Jesus Cares For You ! I can truly relate to every song on the Cd , `` Growing Up '' , especially , `` My God '' . You were so right when you said that the devil wants us to believe that God does n't care and that he wo n't forgive . But for anyone , that may be in doubt , just know that God is true to his word
 bryan wilson is da bomb ! I am a singer myself and i know good talent when i hear it . and when he sang `` His Eye is on the Sparrow '' , it blow me away ! He is phenomenal and I love to hear him sing because he feels what he is singing about and what singing really is -- the anointing you put into it , not the show so many people try to put on . I wish you much success in the future to come . Maybe I 'll get to sing with you when I come out . May God forever bless you in your music ministry ! Much love , Your sister in Christ , Connie
 Bryan is really being used by God . I have the opportunity to know him in person and he is the same on tv as he is in real life . So if you have n't brought the cd Go and get it Now !
 The product sounds very grown up now . I have heard him with the Mississippi Mass Junior Chorus when he led `` His Eyes on The Sparrow '' He has changed very much . He sounds more grown up . I am going to buy the product '' Growing Up '' . I 've been looking for his album called `` Bryan 's Songs '' . And another one where he sings with Shawn Pace.Keep on Keepng on Bryan
 Praize Da Lord
 I enjoy your music so much and every last one of your songs touch my heart . As a teenager I consider you a positive appearance and influence to all the other young people that they can be used of God and that they can stay saved . Be Blessed and keep looking up because your help cometh from the Lord and if you acknowledge God in all you do he will direct your path and give you the desires of your heart . God Bless You , take care , and continue to let God use you !
 When the CD got to my house , it was security packaged with the original cover and the CD was in excellent condition . When I played the CD , the sound was crisp and the songs played just like new . I love this CD and have been waiting for it for a long time .
 This album is in the studio/live-split format that has worked for other artists , like Karen Clark-Sheard . The studio tracks show off the shapeliness of Wilson 's voice , while one really feels his flow in the live tracks , which are highlighted by audience responses a-plenty and some very classic impromptu moments.One of my favorite songs is `` God Will Take of You , '' which features that oh-so-emotional guitarist James Dubose , who is crazily fresh , and energetic in his stunning guitar riffs . The other musicians and the singers in the live section are also very skilled , a very fitting pedestal to Wilson 's monumental voice.Let 's talk about that voice . This recording seems to have been done while Wilson was still redeveloping his voice after it changed . Those who have heard him lately know that he has recovered and fully mastered a very strong counter-tenor range in addition to his natural tenor . There are times when Bryan 's voice could have been more to the forefront during the live tracks , but even then , there is no doubt about the excellence of his style and the way he does n't overdo it as many singers tend to . The late Rev. James Moore left a thumbprint on `` Yes , God Is Real , '' which places Wilson in what may have been his most comfortable musical environment , a hymn . Listeners may wish that the album had n't ended so soon when Wilson 's voice begins to fade away . But we are favored with a little bit more of the headbanging vamp of `` God Will Take Care of You '' to speed us off.Of the studio tracks , my favorite may be `` God Is On Your Side , '' but all of them are well done , singable , and memorable . The first actual track is an spoken word introduction to the album that uses a clip of the song that pushed Wilson to the forefront , `` His Eye Is On the Sparrow '' with the Mississippi Children 's Choir . The production team is not slack ; indeed , they seem pretty ambitious , sampling a track that Tupac made famous -LRB- his `` The Way It Is '' becomes Wilson 's `` He is '' -RRB- . But their strength shows not in remixing but in original songs , like `` Only You '' and `` It 's Jesus ' Time . '' Wilson 's voice pours like a mellow , golden wine into each of these songs.Of course the Bryan Wilson you hear on this album , for all the praise that his work here may afford , is still not half as charismatic as the Bryan Wilson he is today . Energetic and riff-inspired as ever , he has developed a style that at least in a category of musical excellence with the likes of Tonex and Smokey Norful with an anointed ease . Hopefully , the world will soon hear of what has become of '90s gospel 's greatest boy genius and realized what an anointing they have missed .
 This album has truly been an inspiration to me . It 's not often that I see a young adult in the spotlight who has such an anointing and a calling from God , and who is willing and excited about proclaiming the gospel of God and trying to win souls for Him . Being only 19 , it encourages me and lets me know that God can use me even in my youth and that He can anoint me and have His way in my life . It has truly been a blessing to me and I 'm sure that it will bless others as well . I pray that God will continue to get the glory in Brian 's life and that He will use him and bless him even more .
 Praise the Lord , The songs Bryan sings touch me in a way that I ca n't express.I really enjoy his singing and I hope god keep blessing him in that and his preaching BE BLESSED
 Silver Ginger 5 . SILVER GINGER 5 . Say the words , over and over again , roll them around on your tongue . Like the way they feel ? Good , ` cos they 're here to stay . And this album is the reason why , brothers and sisters . You put it in your CD player , firstly noticing the tasteful packaging , and glorious cover , and then prepare yourself for the sounds that will issue forwith . And let me tell you , brothers and sisters , the sounds are good . Sonic Shake explodes in your ears , making you grateful for everything , making you thank the lord you can hear the beauty , and making you expell any thoughts of inferior bands from your mind . Sonic shake will make you dance , brothers and sisters , with it 's choirs of schoolgirls , and guitars that sound like they were forged from the same ingredients as ` Snapple ' ; Made from the best stuff on earth . And then , Divine Imperfection , with its huge Kick-Horn section , and Gospel choirs , and OH ! A CHORUS THE SIZE OF A PLANET ! And then you remember that this man , this SILVER GINGER used to be in the Wildhearts , used to make rock music for people to rock to , and ANyway but Maybe , track 3 reminds you of this ! The Girls are better than boys , which IS Slade , and Brain Sugar , the catchiest song ever written , and Rock N Roll Girls , and Monkey Zoo , and Inside Out -LRB- Country and Western -RRB- and ... . And then , Brothers and Sisters , you regain yourself , and you see the album through , and you realise that it is up there with the greats , up there with KISS and the MC5 and the Clash and the Stones and the Beatles and David Bowie 's ZIggy Stardust and Mott the Hoople and CHeap Trick and Aerosmith , and just about anything good and fun in the last fifty years . And you smile when you hear the Bee Gees cover that closes the album , and you reach over and push Play again , and when , Brothers and Sisters , when Church of the Broken Hearted comes on , and sums up the feeling you 've all felt of being left alone , you smile , and thank God that you heard this album . Taht is all . Go forth and Love Silver Ginger 5 . SG5 Bless you .
 SIMPLY PUT , THIS IS THE BEST ROCK RECORD I HAVE HEARD IN OVER 10 YEARS . I CAN NOT TAKE IT OUT OF THE CD PLAYER . IT COMPELLS ME . EVERY SONG IS A R-N-R MASTERPIECE . IT IS THE PERFECT MELDING OF CHEAP TRICK , MOTT THE HOOPLE , OLD KISS , BLUE OYSTER CULT , AND OLD AEROSMITH WITHOUT EVER BEING A RIP-OFF . THIS IS THE PERFECT MEETING OF EXCELLENT SONGWRITING , PRODUCTION , PLAYING AND SINGING ABILITY . IGNORE THE PRICE ... IT IS PENNIES IN RESPECT TO THE SHEER JOY IT WILL BRING YOU IN THIS SAD WORLD WALLOWING IN MEDIOCRE ROCK BANDS . THE CURRENT STATE OF ROCK MUSIC HAS BEEN BEGGING FOR THIS RECORD .
 In The year 2000 a leather-clad , axe-weilding musician named Ginger risked absoulte commercial suicide and major criticism by releasing a rock album that was more suited to the glam-rock era than anything this side of 80 's . It sounds like Cheap Trick have organised a gang bang with Slade and Kiss and a million groupies . It should n't work , and if anybody else had done it , it probably would n't have . But it works , my god does it work.For me , This was THE album of 2000 . I listened to it religiously everyday for months , and still love it to bits now . It 's pure rock n roll that just do n't care and thats what makes it work . From the pounding opening track ` Sonic Shake ' you know you are in nothing less than Rock N Roll Heaven . Its evident much of it is dedicated to Gingers rather lovey Missus Angie , from the Lyrics to ` Divine Imperpection ' and the brilliant ` Anyway but Maybe ' . It 's soppy lovey-dovey stuff , yet i ca n't think of anything better placed as lyrics . ` Girls are better than boys ' is a slade-esque stomp along and contains some classic lyrics , ` They got the sweetest feet and never -LSB- pee -RSB- on the seat of the toilet ' i mean who else could get away with lyrics like that ? lolThe album never lets up from ` Brain Sugar ' to Gingers Question Song ` What Ever Happened To All The Rock N Roll Girls ' . The album ends in an energetic explosion of stadium rock . I ca n't rate this album enough , it 's a modern classic that will no doubt be missed by 99.9 % of the world.Buy It Buy It Buy It , if you are poor and all you own is a CD player and Batteries Go and steal it ... ;-RRB- . Whatever you do just get hold of it . You should be issued this when you are born as a lesson in how to rock.So overall , i think you know my views on this album . ; -RRB-
 Former Wildhearts frontman Ginger has been in the studio for a while in hopes of recording something really unique . The result is incredible and almost indescribable . How do you describe this record , besides that it really kicks ? There is a little bit of everything in there , from the fun , poppy hard rock songs like `` Boys Are Better than Girls '' , not unlike something you 'd expect Eve 6 or Marvelous 3 to play , to poppy catchy tunes like `` Sonic Shake '' . There are pipe hittin ' songs in here , too , like `` I wan na Be New '' and `` Too Many Hippies -LRB- In the Garden Of Love -RRB- '' . even ballads , such as `` To Love Somebody '' . The range of music included in this disc is amazing and the songwriting is as good as any . The whole `` rock star '' attitude really comes through , and it contains the showmanship and hype of KISS , Cheap Trick and Def Leppard . Which is not to say that it is a ripoff at all . Each riff is unique and resembles nothing like you 've ever heard before . The whole disc was written and produced by Ginger himself , with a little bit of help . But the album really displays his skills as a producer to the max . You can listen to this album and not be sure of exactly which era it was from . Simply the best rock record of the year , and also one of the better of the past decade . It 's an import right now and therefore really expensive , but well worth it .
 When did they stop making records like this and why ? This album comes out the blocks smokin ' and does n't let up until three songs after the record is over . Imagine Cheap Trick meets Slade with Bob Ezrin and Phil Spector at the mixing console . Produced to the hilt , but not overdone . Well arranged songs as only Ginger can do . A must have for any fan of music where the ` ROCK STAR ' attitude is still alive and well with musical substance to back everything up . Ca n't wait to experience this thing in a live concert setting !
 In The year 2000 a leather-clad , axe-weilding musician named Ginger risked absoulte commercial suicide and major criticism by releasing a rock album that was more suited to the glam-rock era than anything this side of 80 's . It sounds like Cheap Trick have organised a gang bang with Slade and Kiss and a million groupies . It should n't work , and if anybody else had done it , it probably would n't have . But it works , my god does it work.For me , This was THE album of 2000 . I listened to it religiously everyday for months , and still love it to bits now . It 's pure rock n roll that just do n't care and thats what makes it work . From the pounding opening track ` Sonic Shake ' you know you are in nothing less than Rock N Roll Heaven . Its evident much of it is dedicated to Gingers rather lovey Missus Angie , from the Lyrics to ` Divine Imperpection ' and the brilliant ` Anyway but Maybe ' . It 's soppy lovey-dovey stuff , yet i ca n't think of anything better placed as lyrics . ` Girls are better than boys ' is a slade-esque stomp along and contains some classic lyrics , ` They got the sweetest feet and never piss on the seat of the toilet ' i mean who else could get away with lyrics like that ? lolThe album never lets up from ` Brain Sugar ' to Gingers Question Song ` What Ever Happened To All The Rock N Roll Girls ' . The album ends in an energetic explosion of stadium rock . I ca n't rate this album enough , it 's a modern classic that will no doubt be missed by 99.9 % of the world.Buy It Buy It Buy It , if you are poor and all you own is a CD player and Batteries Go and steal it ... ;-RRB- . Whatever you do just get hold of it . You should be issued this when you are born as a lesson in how to rock.So overall , i think you know my views on this album . ; -RRB-
 Wondering what happened to big British guitar rock after punk and metal stomped all over it ? Black Leather Mojo is the answer . It crams the killer riffs and melodies of Cheap Trick with the monster guitars of Slade and flings the results at you with the attitude of punk . This is the rock that should be splashed all over FM rock stations . It 's not retro ; it 's not dated ; it 's not gloom and doom metal . Silver Ginger 5 writes articulate , concise , well-arranged songs with huge hooks and riffs
 Although David Walls p/k/a `` Ginger '' is perhaps one of the most miserable and depressed human beings roaming this planet today , this album is perhaps one of the best and joyful rock/pop albums of the last ten years . With the exception of the unfortunate cover of the Bee Gee 's tune , this set is a well crafted songwriting tour de force highlighted by his `` Girls Are Better Than Boys '' . If I was stranded on a deserted island - and said island had a really good stereo - and I could only have one album from the last ten years this be the one I choose - provided that Mr. Walls by contract remained at least 5,000 miles away at all times .
 I had to go through all sorts of hell to get hold of this album and MY GOD it was worth it . Ginger is the greatest songwriter since John goddamn Lennon . Reviews on amazon seem to be led by the heart rather than head , but just know that after i listened to this album you could not have removed the smile from my face with a a chisel and a bucket of acid . Objectively speaking of course ...
 To put it mildly this cd ROCKS , take what you like about the WILDHEARTS , and multiply by 10 . Whatever did happen to rock and roll girls ? This cd is worth all the wait . The choir adds a totally mature feel to a great , and beautiful group of songs . A must for any fan of great music . RAMONES , meet KISS , and the SEX PISTOLS , and make a record and it would still pale to this .
 The CD was exactly what I was looking for . It arrived early . It was in pristine condition . I 'm very thankful that I found this vendor as this was a very rare CD . I will use this vendor again .
 Look . It 's really quite simple . I have both of their CDs . They 're both outstanding releases , but From One is a little more heavy than Duality . If you liked From One , but thought it was a little too heavy , then you will love Duality . If you 're more of a heavy metal fan , then you 'll probably enjoy From One more . But they 're both great albums in their own right .
 I 'm honestly a musical snob . I ca n't stand most pop music that 's out there right now and consider most if it to be complete crap . Then a band comes along and gives you a flash of hope in music . Ra is a band like that . They are just a phenominal band . I can honestly say I like every song off their main two albums . Up and down , Duality is more than worth the purchase .
 Wow . . thats basically all i can say . I bought the cd , then realized that they were playin live like 20 minutes from my house . They put on an amazing show ! They closed it with do you call my name , then went backstage . The crowd started chanting , `` ONE MORE SONG !! '' The drummer came out and started playing again . Then all the rest came back out and played one last song . Ra is underrated and a great bunch of guys . I got my cd autographed by all 4 and i got a picture with them . Buy From One , Duality , and SEE THEM LIVE !! My ears are still ringing .
 I discovered Ra through a friend that knows one of their roadies . This is a great album and work of musical art . Every song , including their cover of Stings `` Every Little Thing She Does is Magic '' is worth listening to over and over again . The lyrics of Sahaj Ticotin are heartfelt and sincere , but also have the depth that many modern alternative rock groups lack . Expect a well-rounded listening experience , with some songs that create a ` metalish ' mood , while others such as `` Swimming Upstream '' that can bring tears to your eyes at the right times with full-sounding acoustic guitars and stripped-down producing relative to the rest of the album.Overall , I would recommend this album to any fans of alt . rock and even people used to listening to lighter pop-rock . I hope Ra 's success from this production is enough to allow another record in the future .
 Hearing the song `` Rectifier '' immediately hooked me on these guys , they offer an amazing , solid , and most importantly new sound to the rock world . I loved their first album From One and I couldnt be less dissapointed by this excellent follow up . Catchy melodies , penatrating harmonies , and a hell of alot of talent make this band and the music they produce some of the best I 've ever heard .
 I have been waiting for these guys to release another album with anticipation . Now here it is . This album is a solid album by a band that , in my mind , is one of the most original bands I have ever heard . Their Egyptian style elements are heard throughout the whole album . The singer sounds like Sting on steroids -- in other words , he sounds a lot better . The guitars are a mix between rock/pop/metal / blues/egyptian and the bass and drums play a perfect rythm section for support.I am quickly becoming a huge fan of this band . If they never reach commercial success , I will be suprised . Somebody needs to destroy the stagnant music on radio . Hopefully these guys are the ones to do it . Pure rock with emotion mixed with a little bit of Egypt . A must buy !!
 Ra is really underrated rock band . They have great melodies , good arganments , middle eastern vibe here and there , a singer who is really influenced by Sting and the Police . They even cover one of their songs . If you dig Breaking Benjamin or Alter Bridge , this band is for you . Every song is great , really no weak tracks . I highly recommend this cd .
 Ra was a band that came out of nowhere for there debut album , and really got people to take notice , now they release a great sophomore album , and they are still under the radar . They are an excellent band that has incredible diversity and incredible potential . First off , Sahaj Ticotin is an extremely good vocalist , and is one of the most overlooked , I love this guy . There music is right on , and in my opinion , this is the second best album of the year , other than System of a Down.This is a great album , and I find myself listening to more songs on this one than the last one , it 's not often when you can say that the second one is better , but this one is.Go pick this up.They use alot of ethnic drums and really use the `` Egyptian '' stuff , to make this one stand out , trust me , you will not be disappointed.Keep it up Ra !
 RA has made another fantastic album with Duality . I can not believe this band is so underrated ! They are one of the best rock acts recording right now . You can listen to the entire album of Duality on www.raband.net ! Listen for yourself then go pick this CD up !
 This CD is absolutely great . They have some great full sounding tracks . I had heard a few songs on the radio , and so I bought the CD and absolutely loved virtually every song on the CD.Also had a chance to see these guys in concert , and personally thought they were better live than on the album . Dont pass up a chance to buy the album or see them live !
 Ra is an amazing rock band , and it is definitely overlooked . I was hoping their new CD would be as good as the first , and it was . Some bands kind of sell out after a while and put together CD 's that they think will sell instead of sticking with the kind of music they originally sounded as or the music they loved to perform and/or write . Ra definitely has stayed with their unique sound as a band , and has n't sold out . I think they are an even greater band now because of that.It 's my new favorite CD .
 Duality is a great follow up to Ra 's first offering `` From One '' . It was a long time coming but Sahaj and the boys got it done and the result is another quality album that I ca n't bring myself to take out of my CD player . Ra has an unbelievable unique sound and their lyrics are , for the most part , very thought provoking and well written . If your thinking of picking this one up , buy one for the car and one for the crib because these guys are amazing and they deserve our support . I 'm already looking forward to the next disk . Keep it up Ra !!!!
 Ra has to be one of the most underrated band in rock music.When I heard their first cd I was blown away . These guys are amazing . The whole feel of this band is just is so different than anything I have heard in many years . This cd is really good and I would hope the world would sit up and take notice.These guys are talented musicians and in modern music that can be rare.The music is angery and powerful and then it is smooth and melodic.Tell Me , I lost everything today , The only one , and got me going are some of the ones that stand out to me.The cover of the Police 's `` Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic '' is one of the more interesting covers I have ever heard.If you liked `` From One '' the buy this disc . I would love to see these guy live .
 First off , if this is the best CD you have ever purchased -LRB- see review below -RRB- then you are buying the wrong albums . While it is a strong effort , it wo n't make many all-time best lists . However , ` Duality ' will be spending a lot of time in my CD player over the next few months.That being said , I have been impressed with Ra since I first heard them a few years ago . Sahaj is an amazing musician . His songs , while at times formulaic , are generally captivating . I was glad to see Ben Carroll get a chance to step out into the spotlight with a few tactful but impressive solos . The addition of acoustic guitar -LRB- something missing on Ra 's debut -RRB- was also a nice touch.My only complaint about the album thusfar is their cover of Sting 's ` Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic ' -- I realize that Sahaj lists Sting/The Police as a huge musical influence , and I also realize that they do make this song ` their own ' -- but I do n't agree with it being on the album . Ra is such a unique band , they do n't need to record Sting songs . Their originals stand on their own and Sting does n't need the homage.In addition to ` Duality ' and ` From One ' I suggest checking out '12 Year Silence ' from Dark New Day .
 this is a really tight album . it sounds like Incubus-meets Perfect Circle - meets the Police . It does everything a good dalbum should do . it stands up to repeat listenings very well , it 's both vapidly entertaining AND insightful ... I ca n't figure how they pulled that one off , but they did , and it 's more accessable than their first effort , From One . From One is a great album , but it 's a bit heavier and more confined . Duality is both more tightly arranged and more open . a much better produced album . I really ca n't wait for the follow up . track 11 -LRB- yes , the Police cover -RRB- really is the lowest point on the album , but they matched so many of the original production values that I ca n't help but think it 's an homage ' to a group that has clearly had an influence on Ra 's fantastic vocalist . taken in that context , it really feels more like a midpoint in the complete work and actually can be quite fun to listen to at high volume when you have the desire to irritate your neighbors or fellow motorists . I really hope these guys understand that whatever equation they put this album together with really works and carries it over to future efforts . it 's not so heavy as to be metal , but too heavy to be pop/rock ... ok . . ok . . it 's radio friendly pop oriented metal for people who have been waiting for an album like this to be recorded , but just did n't know it yet . Just buy the album already ... then buy it for your friends . they will thank you .
 Ra is one of the most underrated bands out there ! THey are amazing live ! This new CD shows there musical and vocal ability . Its just a great CD ! Everyone should have it !
 This CD is spectacular from start to finish . If it were marketed well , this could have been huge and Ra would be a new major force in the Rock world . Unfortunately , this CD was not promoted AT ALL . It makes me sick that excellent artists and records do poorly because of lack of promotion while inferior artists get promoted to the masses and are extremely successful . In my opinion , that is a major reason why the record industry is dying a slow death . Maybe these big industry moguls that put millions of dollars behind Kid Rock and Nickleback should reevaluate their music taste and look at talented bands like Ra , Dream Theater , and Alterbridge , just to name a few .
 I enjoyed this album . At first glance it appears that it is your standard post-1990 's rock album . But after a good listen , you realize that they have succeeded in forging a rather good and unique album . It 's well done and has a good shelf life due to its distinctive sound .
 Now I never really got into Ra 's first cd for some reason-it just did n't sink in . `` Fallen angels '' came into my life in about April and I knew it was then that RA 's new CD was gonan be mind blowing-it was by far the catchiest rock track I had heard so far this year , other than `` Remedy '' by Seether.So out comes the CD , after having heard not a single second of any other cut ... and I 'm floored.I PROMISE you there is not one bad song on here . . even the two intro thingys are cool -LRB- the CD is divided into the `` fear '' and `` love '' sides ... hence the song titles for each section -RRB- . `` Fallen Angels '' was a great standout and good foot forward for the disc . `` Tell Me '' is mind boggling in its goodness , `` Take me Away '' is infectious as it gets , `` I lost Everything today '' shows off Sahaj 's true vocal talent . `` The Only One '' has sort of an early 90 's feel to it.Of course , there is the cover of Sting 's `` every Little thing she does is magic '' , which is absolutely fabulous . `` Far enough '' follows and is easily one of my favorites just catchy and hooky as hell.Now seriously , I am beating the crap out of this CD in my stereo but it does n't bore me ... ever.Not once have i told someone to skip a song or pop in a new disc whent his one is on.A TRUE MODERN ROCK MASTERPIECE-THIS IS RA ... THIS IS ART ... THIS IS PERFECTION
 While ra 's first cd is alot heavier , this one is more laid back . I like both heavy and lighter styles of music . I would have to say that this cd is better musically than the first one.visionclothingco.com
 Ra is a very interesting band to watch grow . Their first release -LRB- From One -RRB- was an excellent debut that showed off their potential . Its an album that can immediately be digested and have you loving them in no time . With `` Duality '' the band is still lyrically strong , if not stronger . However , instrumental-wise , the band has fallen into a very generic hole that they need to climb themselves out of . Not to say the instrumental on this album is awful , no , not by any means . It just does n't stand out nearly as much as their debut album had . I 've had this album since the first week it came out . There are a few tracks that you can immediately get into , mostly on the first half , but the rest will fall away from your first listen . Over time though you will grow to appreciate the rest of this album , I did at least .8 / 10
 This album is excellent , It could do without `` Every little thing she does is magic '' It sucks , really bad . That song does not sound like the Ra I know . Also , `` I lost everything today '' SUCKS . HORRIBLE vibe for a Ra album , why ? WHY ??? Anyway , the complaints out of the way this album is excellent for the most part . Fallen Angels , Tell Me , Love , SUPERMAN SAY YOU WILL UNDERTAKEN TAKEN everything is just awesome . I do notice however that the group shied a little bit away from the defining Egyptian roots that made them who they are . Hopefully , Black Sun will patch that gap .
 I picked up both From One and Duality at the same time and I have to say that the band has matured with the release of this cd . Not a bad song on this cd . This has more of a melodic flare , but still rocks out . Another cd that stays in the player for a long time .
 I 've been into Ra since they came out with From One a few years ago - since I first heard `` Do You Call My Name '' on the radio , I was hooked . That CDs probably towards the top of my list just in terms of how much I listened to it.That being said , I have n't had Duality for long . I actually only knew it was out after I saw them perform at Locobazooka last summer . It was pretty much the next CD I bought , and it does not fail to deliver.Like on their first CD , Ra continues to play interesting , unique music , backed up by Sahaj 's amazing vocals . A friend of mine once said `` you know a band is great when they have their own sound - when you can hear them and instantly recognize them , even if you do n't know them well . '' I 've always believed this , and for Ra , it 's certainly true . They have a very distinctive , unique sound , and that is something which is becoming increasingly hard to find in the music industry these days.Put simply , Duality is incredible . It starts off with a semi-odd track of a man talking which segues into `` Fallen Angels , '' a hard hitting song that sets the tone for the rest of the album . This CD stays strong towards the middle and end , and does n't get boring . Especially interesting on this CD -LRB- to those of use that remember this song -RRB- is Ra 's cover of `` Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic . '' It 's well done , and puts a smile on my face every time I listen to this album.Overall , this is a great CD that does n't fail to disappoint . For those of you that have n't heard Ra , this is great for fans of Pulse Ultra , Chevelle , Memento , and old Incubus .
 I was a huge fan of Ra 's first album ` From One ' - it stood apart from anything else in the hard rock genre due largely to the strong songwriting and memorable melodies . Ra is truly an original band in that sense . ` Duality ' did n't grab me as quickly though it shares the same strengths as their previous effort - strong songs , big vocals , excellent musicianship , pop sensibility . The songs are a bit deeper here , and after about the fourth listen I started to pick up the Sting/Police vibe that was hinted at on the first album . It adds a slightly different - and more mature - color to ` Duality ' and I 've grown to enjoy it even more than ` From One . ' A must have for fans of ` From One ' , Sting , the Police , King 's X , or just solid melody ridden hard rock .
 Once this album was realsed i wasnt expecting alot from it , these days its hard to find bands who have continued their big sucess to the next album . With RA they managed to bring out very powerful lyrics and good songs , they had more slower songs which were very good and diffrent from their last album which had some questionable lyrics.If you enjoyed their first album youll deff have a blast with their second !
 I am a big fan of Ra from the moment i heard Do you call my name off the from one record . i didnt even know they had another cd coming out . i saw it in the store and had to have it one of the best cds i own prolly it has great songs on it and i can sit and listen to the whole thing but to me the stand up song would have to be swimming upstream that song is so amazing i have not had one person i 've showed it to not like it my girlfriend even likes it and she loves rap that is far from a rap song but if u dont own this album i would prolly have to go out and get it one hell of a cd
 I was an extremely big fan of Ra 's first cd , `` Frome One '' , it got contstant play time , at times it was the only thing i wanted to listen to . So just yesterday i found out that Ra has a new one , and it was coming out today . So i gave it a listen , so far i 've listened to it about twice , and it 's just as good as the first one . It 's a bit harder than `` From One '' but i tend to like hard music anyways . I do n't know how i didnt see this one coming , but i 'm glad i did . My only complaint was that it sounded a bit like `` From One '' but thats hardly a complaint , personally , i dont mind another cd like `` From One '' . Overall excelent album , I absolutely love it . This is definately one of the most underrated band in all of music , and i hope that they get big and reach alot of people , as long as they dont get too big and start flooding the airwaves and make everyone sick of their music .
 Okay , I have figured out why some people do n't like Ra . The answer is , some people do n't have ears . I firmly believe that anyone is entitled to his or her opinion , but I 've seen a lot of people on here who seem to be cutting Ra down simply to be different . That having been said ... I really love this album . I appreciate the work that Ra puts into their music . Sahaj 's vocals are exceptionally unique , the only way that my friends and I have been able to describe what listening to him sing is to liken it to flying . It 's airy and fluid , making you feel like you 're looking down on the rest of the world.I also appreciate the fact that this band can actually PLAY their instruments . There are too many bands nowadays who decide that just pounding away on the drums as fast as they can and ripping on their guitars as loud as they can will be sufficient . Ra is different . They have enough respect for music to take their time and put all of their love and thought into what they create.This album , like their first , is superb . I think that their cover of `` Every Little Thing She Does is Magic '' is one of the best I 've ever heard . It follows in the footsteps of Disturbed 's cover of `` Land of Confusion '' and Metallica 's treatment of `` Turn the Page . '' This has truly become a new song . I also recommend listening to -LRB- of course along with the rest of this album -RRB- `` Fallen Angels . '' It will make you feel as though you can see Sahaj singing these heartfelt and powerful lyrics.So , in short , buy this album . You will not be disappointed .
 This band , through some act of God , continues to live in obscurity . This album is easily going to be the best cd released this year . It features a whole slew of music , which demonstates Ra 's musical prowess . From Fallen Angels , their first single , which features hard riffs and strong vocals , to I lost everything today , which is quick paced , with an electric solo , to Superman , which slows down , and shows the bands depth , this CD has everything.I would definitely recommend this CD , and their freshmen album
 i just do n't get it . `` from one '' -LRB- ra 's first release -RRB- was not a great record , at all . it had 5 or 6 average songs , and 6 or 7 pure filler tracks . `` from one '' lacked the emotion or musical variation of `` duality '' , and the production was terrible . so here we are in 2005 , and Ra has just released `` duality '' . `` duality '' may be the best record to come out in 05 ' , with beautiful melodies , unique lyrics , great hooks and slick , powerful vocals . every song has a distinct vibe to it , never sounding like the one before it , and track arrangement is flawless . the music is much more accessible -LRB- radio-ready -RRB- than anything on `` from one '' , but at the same time , it 's not like the repetitive pop you hear on top 40 stations . It seems as if `` Ra '' has found that perfect balance between hard-driving rock and pop sensibility , and produced by bob marlette means it 's ready for platinum success . You 'd think the good reviews would be pouring in right now , right ? Wrong . all you see is a flood of 3 star reviewers talking about the same thing ; sophmore slump . lets get one thing clear ; `` duality '' is NOT `` from one '' . It is much , MUCH better ! You -LRB- 3 star -RRB- people obviously know nothing about modern/alternative rock and what makes it memorable . please stop reviewing and misleading people .
 Let me start by saying I am not stuck in any decade and that I enjoy Hard Rock and Metal from all eras . From Dragonforce to Skid Row to Black Sabbath , I like it all . To be honest , I have been checking out alot of these ` modern ' bands and I think they pretty much all suck and sound like carbon copies of each other -LRB- Staind , Creed , Nickelback , Story of the Year , Default , Taproot , Cold , Dark New Day etc etc -RRB- - it 's all mindless forgettable garbage that nobody will give a s + it about in 10 years ... but then I find Ra !!! What a gem ! REAL singers -LRB- no yelling , barking , whining crap -RRB- , talented musicians , and most importantly GREAT songs that sound unique !! If you 're like me and have a leaning towards 80s Hard Rock and Melodic music in general then PICK THIS UP NOW !! This is what King 's X SHOULD be doing 20 years later . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 There 's a lot of mixed reviews on this album , I see . Personally , this album is a no-brainer . Get the album and be prepared to be floored by some of the greatest musicianship you 've ever heard . Sure , not every track on here is going to appeal to everyone , but the ones that do will make this album worth its weight in gold ! Seriously.But ... if you want the ultimate experience , you need to go see these guys live . How many bands , and be honest with yourself here , how many bands can pull off their material live without the singer being out of key , etc. ? Sahaj is the most incredible vocalist you 've ever heard in your life ... and he pulls it off LIVE . That 's so key , these guys NEED THE CHANCE to become known for their live skills , there 's simply none better !!! The last band I heard to pull off a perfect performance was Rush.Yes , Rush is truly great but with the chance and the opportunity , these guys have the potential to hit the same plateau . Do n't go into listening to this stuff with a negative mindset . Go into listening to these guys with an open ear . Look for something , because whatever you 're looking for , it 's on this album somewhere and it 'll blow you away . Period . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A good rock album , and worth listening to . However the sound changes a bit from the better sound they had going with `` From One '' The newer sound is not quite as good though . The album was just as expected , right in between `` From One '' and `` Black Sun '' .
 Considering how much bad music is out there these days , this was nice to come across . Covers a wide range of topics and moods , musicianship is pretty good . I 'd recommend it to just about anyone . My tastes are usually heavier and more progressive - Rush , Dream Theater , Iron Maiden , Queensryche . But I like this disc too .
 With a completely distinctive sound , catchy songs and strong musicianship , it escapes me why these guys have n't gotten what they deserve
 Sorry , that was as predictable a sun-god reference as the tracks on this album are to a band trying to expand its audience . So why the five stars from the apparent naysayer?Ra simple has a powerful sound . Its unique , even when the lyrics are totally formulamatic -LRB- not always , but frequently -RRB- . I think its the mixture of distortion and harmonies , throwing in a little almost international flair . Not as strong as the first album , its better in different ways . I realize this doesnt appear to make a lot of sense , but if you are a fan of the first , you will most likely find some things to like on the second album . Or not . Damn , this album has me all confused.Its more commercial , definitely not as heavy . More musical , less intriguing . And I do n't care what the other reviewers say , I 'm a Police fan , and Ra 's cover stomps the orginal . It is , however , out of place on the album , but it has enough of Ras sound to still blend . Its not a straight cover , its far more rockin ' . Perhaps Duality WAS the perfect name for this album ...
 For those of you that read my review for `` From One , '' pretty much what I said in that review is a repeat . This is an excellent CD , though toned down `` From One , '' it still rocks . You ca n't go wrong with ordering BOTH at the same time -LRB- that 's what I did -RRB- . BTW , I think RA does `` Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic '' BETTER than Police originally did it !!! ; ^ -RRB-
 Ra 's second album duality is quite impressive half of the album is dedicated to songs relating to fear and the other half love.The single ` Fallen Angels ' has good lyrics and a good song.other good songs ` Tell Me ' , ` Take Me Away ' , ` The Only One ' and ` Say You Will ` Although this is not the best album it still has a great base of solid music that never dies down but has its limits on some songs.I would be looking foward to ra 's next album because it should be an absoloute hit with the potential theve got .
 I 've been a fan for quite some time . I 've seen many shows by these guyz and they blow me away each time . Sahaj has such a unique voice that makes this band unique in it 's own way . You can classify Ra as Hard Rock , Heavy Metal , Progressive , Alternative , ect. , but I see them as having a unique sound that can not be put in a certain genre . I lot of bands nowadays sound alike , and thats why I love Ra . They have many musical influences , but develop their own unique sound around those influences to make them great . OK , enough babbling on ... This CD is all around the best CD I 've ever purchased . I really like different types of music , but have never in my life called a band my favorite until these guys came along . I 've even picked up some extra copies because I know that I 'm going to play the hell out of my first one . I strongly suggest that u give them a listen to , then go out and buy this album because it will blow you away . If you think their CD is great , then you have to see them in concert -LRB- my opinion among others that I 've talked to
 This album , of course , builds on the themes of the first one - Sahaj has a lot to say , and is n't done saying it - with plenty of the same texture and style that made the first album so listenable . Lyrically surprising , you may find yourself coming to an unexpected point when the song turns out to have something very different to say than first impressions indicated . Another reviewer had mentioned that they seem to be stuck with a single pattern of songwriting structure , and I ca n't disagree , but I 'm willing to cut them some slack for a sophomore album . We 'll see if they get a bit more adventurous for the third album .
 This new album from Ra does n't have the same feeling as their last . They have lost some of their uniqueness . But , now they sound just like Shinedown and I like Shinedown . So its ok .
 I have both recordings from Ra . This one is no better or worse than '' From One '' , Its just different . These guys are amazing musicians . the music is way ahead of alot of what is out there now . Best tracks ... '' I lost everything '' , `` Superman '' , `` Take me away '' , and the cover of the Police `` Every little thing she does ''
 I found this Band while looking up information on Trixter and found PJ Farley in the band . Listened to RA on their website and bought this CD the same day . I have not found a band lately that took me away like RA.I have not heard the first album but it is next on my list , since I got Duality today and have not stopped listening to it !!! RA ROCKS !!!!
 Buy both CDs Ra is awesome , when you make 2 cds and EVERY song on them is completely awesome ; you know there a great band . I also Got to see them preform LIVE lastnight locally and they TORE THE ROOF off the venue . Buy there CDs you will love them to .
 Alright so this album may not be a whole lot like their first one but there is no denying that it is a truly great rock album , the band has changed a little about the way they bring out their powereful vocals and heavy beats , this band can do it all and wail away in this powerful follow up to their truly great first cd !!
 There 's only one thing to say about this album ... its just as good as the first . And if you own the first album , you know what im talking about ... its amazing ... simply amazing . Ra is the most underrated band ever .
 The second release by RA picks up right where their 1st album left off . The songs are sophisticated musically , lyrically , vocally , and production wise . I do n't think there is another band out there that can make heavy music sound this melodic . The compositions and production of the songs are very well thought out and the vocal harmonies are superb . Plus the songs are almost overly infectious . Plain and simple , RA is a damn good band ! But ... In spite of all this I have one big dissapointment with this band and this current album . Their songs are too formulamatic -LRB- is this a word ??? -RRB- Every song is basically between 3 to 4 minutes in length and follows the same V-C-V-C-B-C formula . In my opinion RA is the modern metal equivilent to Collective Soul -LRB- I have the same complaint about CS . -RRB- I think that if RA reached out and crafted songs that ranged in the 4-6 minute range maybe with even the occassional 7-8 minute song their popularity would rival bands such as Dream Theater , Queensryche , and other more sophisticated melodic metal acts of the last 15 years . Right now I think their music is too forgettable and does n't seem to capture me at a deeper muscial level but certainly the potential is there .
 When I first heard `` Do You Call My Name '' a couple years ago , I was taken aback by the unique sound that it contained . I listened to it non-stop for weeks . I kind of forgot the band , though , until I saw their CD -LRB- From One -RRB- in the stores a year later . After listening to it , I was dumbfounded . It was an unbelievably great hard rocking CD , completely unique from any other band . I loved it . `` Duality '' , their sophomore album , is even better then their first CD . Since I 've bought it I have yet to listen to anything else . The idea of having a singer that can actually sing , rocking with hard riffs and powerful drums , is stunning . It is a great breath of fresh air in the normally repetitive rock world . A couple stand-out tracks include - Fallen Angels -LRB- The hit single -RRB- - I Lost Everything Today -LRB- Unique , Amazing -RRB- - Only One -LRB- Such a good chorus -RRB- - Far Enough -LRB- Amazing -RRB- - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic -LRB- The Police cover , amazing -RRB- If you like rock , go buy this CD . It 's a steal for ten bucks . It 's amazing that they have n't really been discovered yet . Hopefully they will soon get the credit they deserve .
 Ive been a big fan of these guys for awhile now , and i still cant find a lead singer that can do it like this guy . What can i say the guy is a STUD ! if u like their first , then you will definetly like this one just as much .
 THIS is the single that should have been released in America . I 'm not complaining , because the 4-track U.S. single is quite good , with the Thunderpuss radio & club mixes of `` I Want You To Need Me '' and the album & Metro club mixes of `` That 's The Way It Is . '' However , THIS JAPANESE SINGLE BLOWS IT AWAY ! It also has the amazing Thunderpuss radio & club mixes of '' ... Need Me , '' but it also has their wonderfully harder , stripped down patented Tribe-A-Pella mix . And then there 's the Thunderdub . This mix is just pure fun . It has the same great synth horns and big beats that the other mixes do . It also has some great vocodered vocals added to it . At one point , the instrumental slows down to a near-stop , then a vocodered voice says `` Thunderpuss . '' And , throughout the rest of the dub , the same voice repeats the lines `` I want you to '' and `` Need me . '' It still uses portions of Celine 's vocal , too , to add drama . Thunderpuss decided to have a little fun with this Thunderdub , and it 's great fun to listen to , too . A well done , nice novelty mix . This disc also has both the great Metro club mix of `` That 's The Way It Is '' and the long-lost Metro radio edit . I 'm actually glad the album mixes are n't here , because most people have them on the full length album `` All The Way ... A Decade Of Song '' anyway . If you 're a remix hound , like I am , pick this up ! If you 're not as much of a remix collector , though , you may want to stick with the less expensive U.S. single .
 This cd is for all the fans of Celine!Re - Mixes are exellent ! : -RRB-
 the remixes were well produced by Thunderpuss2000 . I do n't know if it 's a coincidence , but their choice of beats and synthesizers are very similar to Lara Fabian 's smash hit ' I will love again ' . And Celine and Lara sound very much alike already . Anyhow , she sings beautifully in this song and you could tell that Thunderpuss did n't manipulate her lyrics as much because her voice was too perfect to do anything to . I especially love the echoing parts in the beginning and end . the Dub is fierce too . It 's true that this song was underappreciated in the club scene but it 's still a great song and wonderful remix to dance to .
 This CD single is perfect for any dance remix or Thunderpuss fan ! Every track except for the two remixes of `` That 's The Way It Is '' is great ! The Metro remixes of `` That 's The Way It Is '' are terrible . They sound as if an amateur tried to remix it . The Thunderpuss remixes of `` I Want You To Need Me '' are incomparable .
 This 6 track single WAS NEVER RELEASED IN U.S.A. PERIOD ! It was only available in JAPAN in July 2000 . I do n't think it will be released in the States . It was pressed only for Japan as a maketing ploy by SONY to make people in the WEST pay more . Originally this single went for 30.00 U.S. 2 years ago . This song never got airplay on the radio in the States . I have never heard the original version . But is a dance hit right up there with Faith Hill 's Breathe Remixes -LRB- again only available Japan and costly but worth it . -RRB- . This single is WORTH every penny if you like club/dance music . One of the best remix singles around . This single includes rare remixes that were only available in Japan until now . This single will make you want to dance and move PERIIOD . Celine 's vocals definately blend well with the dance beats . No doubt . AGAIN , A MUST HAVE !!!!
 Celine Dion has the best music I have ever heard ! This cd single has terrific remixes ! Her voice will always amaze me . She is the best ! If you want a single that has fantastic remixes that are energizing , incredible , and awesome order this now !!
 Very beautiful song written by Diane Warren , sung by C&eacute;line Dion , whose voice seems comparable in this song . The remixes are not bad , though I think they are not as good as the album version of I Want You To Need Me . CD has beautiful cover art , with nice design . Rare and is truly a treasure to all Diane 's fans or Celine 's fans !
 Although the song itself is totally beautiful the remixes by thunderpuss 2000 just make the song that much better . These two guys do a great job with anything they touch . Lenny B and Thunderpuss definately are the best mixers out there . This mix is a must have for all who like dance music . You can hear the mixes on ... , along with just about any of their other mixes .
 After Merman 's finished her Broadway career with `` Hello , Dolly ! '' in 1970 , her mother took ill and Ethel did not work for almost two years . This CD is a collection of two albums , `` Merman Sings Merman '' and `` Ethel 's Ridin ' High '' that she recorded in London during her mother 's illness . The orchestrations from `` Merman Sings Merman '' are ... of the ones Billy May had written for her night-club act and Reprise album from 1961 . Ethel 's voice had begun to have a distinct wobble , and it is greatly evidenced here . The album was recorded as most modern albums are , with all of the instrumental tracks recorded first , and Ethel singing to a playback of them . The problem is , Ethel was n't comfortable with some of the tempos , and it shows . This collection would have been much better if Ethel had been allowed to sing with the orchestra there with her , following her instead of her trying to keep pace with them.The are superb versions here of `` Riding High '' , `` Alexander 's Ragtime Band '' , `` You 're the Top '' , `` Eadie Was a Lady '' , `` You 're Just in Love '' , and `` Blow , Gabriel Blow '' from among those songs she introduced . Unfortunately , the rest of the songs associated with Merman lack in vocal quality and arrangement . In fact , some of them are downright embarassing.There are many tunes here NOT associated with Ethel 's career , and `` Nothing Can Stop Me Now '' , `` The Impossible Dream '' , and `` What Kind of Fool Am I ? '' are simply terrific . This collection is a MUST for fans of Merman and Broadway . Now , if they will only release her Reprise album `` Merman
 Dear customers , I was not surprised , nobody reviewed this CD before , simply because it is an import from Germany and not a lot of people in the U.S. know enough German to understand the awesome texts of this group . It is all about the texts , you listen to the album and you feel there is somebody who sings about YOUR life , about your deepest thoughts and feelings . PUR-Fans are mostly people who think in a very peaceful way , they are Anti-racists and anti-violence . This album is a great piece of art.Epecially the song Koenigin would be the best Valentine 's gift ever , because it simply says I love you in a lovely poetic way !
 I have 3 of their CD 's and this one and Maechtig Viel Theater are my favorite ones . I concur with the other person 's review that Koenigin is a very poetic song -LRB- from what I can understand of the lyrics ! -RRB- This CD puts a smile on my face every time !
 This is the second CD from PUR and I just love it ! I thought Machtig Viel Theater was good but this is just as good . A friend of mine from Germany gave me the latter and I have been hooked on them ever since . Their lyrics are great and the music is wonderful . I am going to try some of their other releases . I just wish they were more available in the United States .
 This is a great CD from a popular and clean German band . They play a variety of styles within the rock genere from acapella to hard rock . I have listened to quite a few of thier songs and can heartily recommend this Band to anyone looking for good time german songs .
 I saw Ernie Andrews perform last night in Palm Springs , CA along with Herb Jeffries & Kay Starr all at a benifit for The Tuskegee Airmen . All were great , in fact I went there just to see Jeffries -LRB- age 89 -RRB- & Starr nobody told me that Andrews was going to perform . It was a pleasant surprise , and he got a standing ovation . Andrews really sings jazz standards with a groove , singing on an equal level as blues singers like Jimmy Rushing or Joe Williams , or even early Billy Eckstine and Earl Coleman . Truly a talented artist who sang From This Moment On & Love Is Here To Stay , where he dropped the michophone stand cought it oh so smoothy and made it part of his act . I bought this CD `` No Regrets '' which he was selling after the concert . It is exellent and includes a most difinitive version of Ellington 's little known gem `` Do n't You Know I Care . '' All of the tracks on No Regrets are either jazz standards or little known hidden gems , which Andrews transforms here into jazz standards , making every song his own . This highly enjoyable CD is recomended .
 Having lived in the Los Angeles area in the late l940 's and being familier with the Kay Starr song , `` I 'll never be free '' , Andrews 's has captured every word of that song ! I enjoyed all the tracts as I enjoy all singing of Ernie Andrews . However ... the `` I 'll never be free '' has been the one tract that I play over and over .
 I am the proud owner of almost every Edenbridge album ever made and when I heard that Edenbridge was producing a two-disc album I knew I had to get the album . The first album consists of rare songs and a few new tracks . This was a real treat for me since I had not heard any of those songs before . Then the second album was a best of Edenbridge , consisting of songs that the fans of this wonderful band actually voted on . I first heard of Edenbridge in comparison to bands like Evanescence , Within Temptation and Nightwish . So I looked them up online and bought their first album . It was fantastic ! Edenbridge deserves to be compared with great symphonic metal bands , and yet everyone should remember that no two bands are exactly alike . Edenbridge certainly has it 's own distinctive flavor . If you have never heard Edenbridge before , I would recommend you buy this album or their very first album Sunrise in Eden .
 Hailing from Austria , Edenbridge is a fairly unique band in the `` metal band with female vocalist '' genre . Their particular sound , self-described as `` angelic , bombastic metal '' is somewhere between Nightwish and melodic rock diva Lana Lane . The music is lush and melodic , with a heavy emphasis on keyboards , and falls squarely in the Helloween/Angra power metal category . The only thing remotely goth-like about this band is their wardrobe . The vocals , which are provided by the lovely and talented Sabine Edelsbacher , are a breath of fresh air in a genre where every female singer seems determined to be a glass-shattering opera star.The 2-disc release Chronicles of Eden serves as a nice retrospective of the band 's work up to now . Disc 1 , which will no doubt be of great interest to die-hard fans , features a whole host of b-sides , import exclusive tracks , and previously unreleased material . I understand why bands need to provide exclusive tracks to certain markets , specifically Japan , but every few years they should issue a collection like this one so that their fans do n't completely miss out on those rare songs.Disc 2 is intended for the casual fans who might be interested in checking out what Edenbridge has to offer but do n't know where to start . This fan-chosen `` best of '' disc is also good for those who might find the bands studio albums a bit too repetitive and want a more compact collection of some of Edenbridge 's best songs . I 've been following this band for a while now , and this disc definitely hits all of the highlights from Sunrise in Eden all the way through the Grand Design , my favorite of course being the song Red Ball in a Blue Sky , which features D.C. Cooper on vocals alongside Sabine.Whether you 're new to Edenbridge or a long time fan , Chronicles in Eden definitely has something to offer you .
 This is by far the most beautiful CD I have ever listened to . I love it so much I have given it as a gift to family friends and they all love it as much as I do and it has quickly become everyone 's favorite . It is truly music to adore and nourish your sprite and soul . Aeoliah is a genius - I give this music my highest recommendation .
 I think the concept of this album will be appreciated mostly by those who are familiar with the Pagan/Viking metal scene , and it could also be a real eye-opener to others ... Some lyrics are visions and tales about the ancient times , when christianity did not exist , and people lived in harmony with Nature ; others are about the ` baptism ' of the Pagans , the destruction of Nature and of the Pagan cultures by the enslaving church ; and finally , some lyrics try to open our eyes to the future , which actually wo n't be much of a future unless we start living a more close-to-Earth lifestyle.The music is quite original , I ca n't think of any other band to compare it with ... It sounds very natural , being based mostly on strings and percussion , and Andrea 's beautiful voice rises above all . Traditional Norwegian instruments are also used , and an alto-recorder can be heard from time to time . The vocal part is completed by some choirs -LRB- like the Telemark Viking Choir -RRB- which have an overwhelming effect . All in all , I think the music on this album can be enjoyed by both the black-metal listeners and the folk-ambient fans.Here 's a brief description of each song : `` When the Trees Were Silenced '' - powerful war drums open the CD , and together Andrea 's powerful vocals and the contrabass choir , create a very special atmosphere . The lyrics are about the ignorant destruction of the mighty Nature , of all the myths that are bound within her , thus leading us to self-destruction . `` Behold the Passionate Ways of Nature '' - a beautiful hymn raised to the Sun , the Moon and to Mother Earth . `` The Home that I Will Never See '' - this song describes the image of an ancient village , showing how close to Earth was life a thousand years ago . `` The Oath He Swore One Wintersday '' - a battle cry against the christian faith ; the voice of the ancestors tries to raise consciousness , asking revenge against ` the men with cross ' , and the resurrection of the old pagan gods and way of life . `` Seidr '' - the song successfully tries to capture the atmosphere of a Seidr ritual
 Hagalaz Runedance contains ten tracks of wonderfully composed and sung songs which are written from a heathen perspective . Asatruar everywhere will absoutely love this music . It 's done in a celtic/renissance style which is easy to listen to as well as learn to sing yourself . The emotions range from haunted to joyous and loss as the songs recount tales of old , and of loss and of joy.Hail to Hagalaz Runedance for creating this excellent work which will uplift the souls of all who may hear it !
 Well this is the first Hagalaz Rundance cd that I bought even though I own Andreas Nebelhexe cd -LRB- also recommended -RRB- and as much as I liked that cd I would probably say that I liked this cd even more . Most of the songs on here are alot slower than most Hagalaz Runedance songs that I have heard before except for track 1 . For the most part the music is very relaxing and has almost a trance like quality to it . All in all a very good cd except for the fact that it could have been longer -LRB- it 's only about 40 minutes -RRB- .
 I bought this album a year ago . I still can not get over how much it moves me when I hear it . The drums seem to get under the skin with their rhythm.I use this album for meditation or when I want to relieve the stress in my life.Very good , very good album .
 One of the few CDs of Asatru music that I actually enjoy . I could quibble with some things in the lyrics which are not quite in line with the lore , but overall I find the music both pleasant and inspiring.This CD draws upon Scandinavian folk music for inspiration for its melodies . With the exception of one track , the lyrics are in English . The lead singer , Andrea Nebel Haugan , can actually sing ! Professionally done and melodic.Many of my non-Heathen friends also enjoy listening to this CD .
 As an Asatruar who is interested in bringing my beliefs to the next generation music has become an ever important venue.Hagalaz Runedance sings timeless songs in a style which a new generation can appreciate .
 We have a 7 month old son . This CD beats all for driving music . I think my husband and I enjoy it more that our son does . He likes the bouncy tunes , and we love the funny lyrics . We catch ourselves singing these songs during the day . It is also enjoyable because there is a variety of music on it . It is not all the same group of children with the same instruments on every song like most childrens ' music . It is refreshing ! Buy it ! If not for your children , for a good laugh on the way to work in the morning .
 Let 's put it this way , my kids are not the only ones in our household who love Veggie Tales . I confess that I listen to these soundtracks even when they are not in the car ! It 's addicting!These songs are very hip ... we can all identify with Bob the Tomato as he translates Dance of the Cucumber . That song alone is worth the price of the entire CD ! Love My Lips is another side-stitcher . I would highly recommend that you purchase the video -LRB- same name -RRB- . The animation -LRB- a tremendous job ! -RRB- is priceless and just adds another comical dimension to the recordings.As funny as these songs are , the entire Veggie Tales collection expresses powerful morality issues in a most enteratining setting . Your kids will love it , and although you may not want to admit it , you will too ! 5 Stars . It just does n't get better than this . Be sure to check out the rest of the series as well .
 When you listen to this cd you will instantly discover that everyone is right ... veggietales are just as entertaining and applicable for adults as they are for children . This cd is wonderful -LRB- as are the videos -RRB- ! Do yourself a BIG favor ... buy this cd today ! You will love it ... especially if you are in need of some belly laughs ! The silly songs are hysterical - such as `` The Dance of the Cucumber '' , `` The Bunny Song '' , `` Love My Lips '' , and `` The Pirates Who Do n't Do Anything '' . On the value side you will love `` Stand '' , `` Big Things Too '' , `` The Lord has Given . '' Go ahead ! Put this in your cart right now !
 Get this . I 'm 35 , a guy , do n't have ANY kids , and I CA N'T GET ENOUGH OF VEGGIE TALES !!! As I grew up in the 1970s , I did n't think anything could be more wonderful than watching the various half-hour Peanuts holiday specials . Veggie Tales has managed to match that joy now even though I am now -LRB- I think -RRB- an adult ! I was introduced to this group of Veggie Tales videos when visiting a good friend and his family recently . They kept howling before about `` The Song Of the Cebu '' in universal family delight . The three year old loved it , the six year old loved it , the 33 year old mom loved it , and the 36 year old dad was possibly the most enthralled of all ! When I saw the video of `` Josh and the Big Wall '' based on the Biblical account of the walls of Jericho , I was also hopelessly hooked . I could n't stop chuckling at the ` really annoying peas ' taunts and had to get this CD ! This CD includes a total of 38 minutes of the best from `` Rack , Shack , & Benny '' , `` Dave and the Giant Pickle '' , `` Larry-Boy '' , and `` Josh and the Big Wall '' . Watch the videos first and then pick up the CD so you to can ` sing along with Larry ' ! By the way , the lyrics/words are included !
 These albums are some of the best kids music out there . The tunes are easy to learn and very contagious . I have this album and the first one . The videos are excellent as well and kids really enjoy them ... I should know , I work at a preschool !
 I suggest all parents with young children purchase the VeggieTales series . I introduced my daughter to VeggieTales at age 2 , she is now 4 years old and she continues to love the videos . My husband and I both enjoy them equally . You 'll be singing those songs FOREVER !
 I love this CD . Especiall ` The Song of the Cebu ' and ` The Pirates Who Do n't Do Anything ' . Great silly songs for people ages 5-55 . An all aroung great CD . A must have . Once you get hooked , it 's like candy , you always want more !
 Witty and fun songs for everyone from as young as 2 to adult . Has a great message and highly recommended .
 The veggie Tales 2 is a must for the Very Veggie home and for those who ar n't very Veggie get it anyway ! It is a very very good CD to listen to . I highly recomend it .
 I discovered VeggieTales from a friend several years ago when my son was only 2yrs - he 's now 4-1/2 . He loved the tunes and I loved the wit . My husband and I keep VeggieTales CDs in the car and they entertain us on the road . They are great entertainment with value and humor for both kids and adults . You ca n't help yourself when it comes to singing or humming the tunes . Because of ` The Toy That Saved Christmas ' cassette -LRB- 2-1/2 yrs ago -RRB- we have almost the entire VHS and music collection . I definitely recommend giving them a try ! We ca n't resist VeggieTales !
 The songs are Great easy for little ones to sing along with . Most of the songs contribute to the message of the video story . -LRB- except Silly Songs with Larry . They 're just silly ! -RRB- We have 9 of the 11 or 12 videos and 1 audio tape . I am so glad that this is available for my 2 children to enjoy . My husband and I both love the songs Not to Mention the MESSAGE . I only wish more parents would expose their children to entertainment like this instead of the other more popular nonsense out there .
 You should most definetly get this CD if you have only just heard of veggietales . It is a great Cd I will even prove it . Download The Dance of the cucumber and if you do n't like that well that is your problem .
 veggietales is greart i think every body who likes veggie tales should have this cd
 The whole thing is worth its weight in gold just for the `` dance of the cucumber '' song ... El baile del pepino , el baile del pepino . . hmm hmm hmmm ... I LOVE IT
 You thought Veggie Tunes was good ? Wait til you hear veggie tunes 2 . I loved it !!!
 I got to preview some of these songs and they are WONDERFUL !!!!!!
 Larry the Cucumber makes this cd hilarious !!!!! This is a great Christian cd with great music that you can sing along with and never get tired of . You are bound to enjoy this cd ! It has great life lessons just like the movies . I recommend this cd to any one of any age . You will definetly enjoy !
 Intellligent and lively CD for kids of all ages
 I have been a `` Thomas '' fan ever since the age of 2 , and to this day -LRB- being almost 20 -RRB- I still enjoy the older episodes . This particular DVD has some of my all-time favorite episodes ! Before I get to the full review , I 'll give you a brief synopsis of the episodes .1 . Granpuff -LRB- Written by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adpated by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - The engines are having trouble getting to sleep one night , so Thomas tells them all a story about a narrow gauge railway . `` Once upon a time , there were three little engines who lived in their own little shed on their own little railway '' . The little engines are named Duke , Stuart , and Falcon . At first , Stuart and Falcon are cheeky , but they straighten up when Duke tells them a story about an engine who got turned into a generator for being extremely rude and constantly falling off the rails . Later , the railway is closed , Stuart and Falcon are bought by another railway , and Duke is left alone in his old shed ... 2 . Sleeping Beauty -LRB- Written by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - ... however , Duke is not forgotten . This story forms the second half of a two-parter , with `` Granpuff '' being the first half . Almost 30 years after Duke 's old line was closed , some visitors come to see Sir Topham Hatt and explain that they want to find and restore Duke . They go out looking for him , but have little or no luck . That is , until one of them falls through the ground and ends up landing on Duke 's boiler . Duke 's shed is all over-grown and Duke is very rusty . The `` rescuers '' -LRB- as they are referred to -RRB- , explain that they come from the railway that bought Stuart and Falcon and that they are here to restore him . They get Duke out of the shed and take him to the Skarloey Railway , where Stuart and Falcon -LRB- now named Peter Sam and Sir Handel -RRB- are waiting for him .3 . A Bad Day for Sir Handel -LRB- Based on `` Sir Handel '' by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - There is a narrow gauge railway with two little engines named Skarloey and Rheneas . Rheneas has been sent to the Works to be mended and two new engines have come to help out . Their names are Sir Handel and Peter Sam . Peter Sam is a happy little engine , but Sir Handel is very grumpy and does n't wish to pull coaches -LRB- he calls them `` cattle cars '' -RRB- . He reluctantly pulls the coaches to a station . However , when told he is to pull freight cars , Sir Handel refuses and purposely derails himself . Needless to say , Sir Topham Hatt is not pleased , and scolds Sir Handel .4 . Rusty Helps Peter Sam -LRB- Based on `` Trucks ! '' by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - Sir Topham Hatt has bought a diesel engine named Rusty to help Sir Handel and Peter Sam out on the narrow gauge railway . Sir Handel wants to try to get out of pulling freight cars and Gordon tells him to pretend that he is ill . Sir Handel takes his advice , and Peter Sam is told to take Sir Handel 's cars as well as his own . When Peter Sam reaches the quarry , he hooks up his cars to a slope , and the loaded cars pull the empty ones up . The loaded cars do n't see Peter Sam properly and think he is Sir Handel . The cars do n't like Sir Handel , and they purposely break away from the chain controlling their speed down the slope . This creates a horrible accident and leaves Peter Sam in a very bad state with his funnel dented . Rusty helps clear up the mess and pulls Peter Sam home . Sir Topham Hatt finds out what happened and scolds Sir Handel for pretending to be ill .5 . Rusty to the Rescue -LRB- Written by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - Rusty wants to find a steam engine , so he asks Douglas and Percy where . Douglas informs him that the only place to find one is on the Other Railway , but only extremely brave engines go there . Rusty makes up his mind to go there and find an engine . He does , and finds a steam engine named Stepney sitting in a scrap yard . Rusty 's crew cleam Stepney up a bit and take him out of the scrap yard . Stepney has been saved from scrap , and now lives on the Bluebell Railway .6 . Thomas and Stepney -LRB- Based on `` Bluebells of England '' and `` Stepney 's Special '' by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - Percy informs Thomas that a famous engine named Stepney who lives on the Bluebell Railway is coming to visit Sir Topham Hatt 's Railway soon . Thomas is immediately jealous of this famous engine . When Stepney arrives , he is asked to pull a special train , and Thomas is shunted into a siding to allow Stepney and his special to pass . Thomas is made even more cross by this . The next day , Stepney apologizes for having Thomas shunted and flatters him by telling him that he -LRB- Thomas -RRB- knows the line much better than Stepney does . Thomas and Stepney become friends .7 . Music Video
 My 4 year old loves this movie and watches it over and over . It is the older style one not the one with the `` moving '' faces . The newer version scares him . -LRB- The moving faces are creepy -RRB- so if you have a toddler who prefers the older animation Thomas this is it !
 I gave this , and several other Thomas movies , to my son for Christmas and he LOVED them ! He is a big Thomas The Tank Engine fan and they never fail to deliver a great story that he loves to watch over and over again . = -RRB-
 It Remind Me Of Real Steam Engines , Real Diesel Engines , Real Electric Engines , Real Railway Coaches , Real Railway Trucks & Real Railways
 These episodes are cute ! My son loves Rusty . He has watched this dvd probably more times than any of his other Thomases .
 Gave three to my 41/2 yr old grandson three for Halloween Gift . It makes me fell so good to see him so happy .
 I can understand why an album like M.I.A. 's ARULAR might not be well received in the United States by everybody . I think it takes a person who likes truly innovative , non-mainstream/non-commercial music to truly appreciate an album to this caliber.In so many ways , M.I.A. is ahead of her time . I think in the U.S.A. , electronica is n't a well embraced style . Here though , M.I.A. really embraces the style and uses it as the backdrop of her rhymes/hooks , which emcompass many political themes , which it takes several listens to really pick up on . For a person first listening to this , it might be easy enough to write off the whole CD because it is repetitive , if you are from the United States , M.I.A. 's accent might grate on you just because you are n't familiar with it . This is n't your typical CD , but it is truly an innovative and enjoyable listen.What makes this so great is the fact that you get the feeling with this innovative CD that music is not dead . People are still trying to come out with the next big musical breakthrough or the next big breakthrough musical style . I think that these musical innovations are coming more from the non-mainstream/non-commercial sector of the industry , specifically indie-musicians . I think it is fascinating.This whole CD is excellent . My favorite listens are `` Pull Up The People '' , `` Bucky Done Gun '' , `` Fire Fire '' , `` 10 Dollar '' , and `` Galang '' . I only recommend this CD to those who like different approaches , less commercial approaches to music . If you are a commercial music listener , then I do n't think this is your cup of tea . Even if you do n't understand this recording , it is important to appreciate it significance and to appreciate how innovative it is . That is why ARULAR is easily a 5 star affair .
 M.I.A. , on her debut , ARULAR , manages to merge party-rocking beats with a distinct political message , a combination that sets her head-and-shoulders above her competitors . Her peculiar British/Sri Lankan accent brings a rhythmic purr to her lyrics
 I 'll put this on in the car and get pumped up.BREAkdown : `` Banana Skit '' -LRB- :36 -RRB- - `` Refugee education # 1 ! '' The cool drums have already begun - word to the refugees `` get yourself an education ! '' **** `` Pull Up The People '' - Techno like you 've never heard it before . `` I 've got the bombs to make you blow . '' ***** `` Bucky Done Gun '' - ?! Huh ? This quasi-militaristic groover is catchy as hell . Note to the manufacturer
 I first heard her music on the radio ; the station played the song Galang , which I did n't like at first , until I found myself endlessly singing it . It had found its way into some crevice in my brain , and it 's still there to this day . I eventually bought the album for myself , and I was blown away by it . This is M.I.A. 's first album , and it is remarkable . Such incredible rhythm and lyrics , with messages and depth . Such an incredible range of instruments I 've never heard of , culled from many different parts of the world . Everything , even down to the cover design , which she did herself , I 've been told , is absolutely drenched in a sense of originality and individuality that is so unheard of in the music business today . I can see thousands of Miley Cyruses or Jonas Brothers , churning out pop ballads about your boyfriend breaking up with you or a pretty girl you like , and I weep for the future of music . But then I hear music like this , from a new artist , no less , about things like how an AK-47 can be purchased for only 10 dollars in Africa and I have hope that kids in the future will grow up with music that was handmade with care and thought , and not just churned out , coated with honey , and with the edges filed off for profit and mass consumption . A flawless merging of disparate genres and elements with unique design and lyrics that matter . Absolutely fantastic and unmissable .
 After getting her second CD , Kala , I decided to get her first CD . I am actually impressed how good her first CD is next to her second one . I really do n't understand how she did n't get popular from this CD . I recommend this CD if you love Kala . Its worth it !
 Upon coming across this album like a gold mine , I was in the process of re-defying myself by the music I listen to . This album represents problems that are happening all over the world and addresses them with a catchy , rhythmic tune . It basically talks about a serious concept in life and makes it sound like nothing at all . This aspect is indulged with M.I.A. 's amazing perspective at song writing . By stepping into the music industry and singing about something that nobody has even tried tried to attempt , M.I.A. made her mark on the industry forever . This album instills music in it 's audiences mind with clean , popping beats , catchy lines that just make you want to dance , and her wonderful done home British accent . If this album is n't worth anyone 's time , then I do n't know what is .
 Lively beats and thought-provoking -LRB- though nonsensical -RRB- lyrics . Good for lifting the mood without invoking false optimism .
 What can I say about this album that has n't already been said ? Nothing . Awesome album on every level .
 Hot off the heals of the `` Piracy funds Terrorism '' mixtape featuring bootleg mashups comes M.I.A. ` searth shattering debut.Arular is a tasty conconction of electro , hip-hop , dancehall , reggae and Brazillian favela style music . There is n't anything else like that.To complement the tasty beats and production , M.I.A. 's vocals are uncomprimising and brutal - full of references to `` shake your a ## on the floor '' as well as `` calls to arm '' and radical revolutions.Not only is the music bleedingly cutting edge , but it also has a fantastic `` retro '' feel -LRB- see Bucky Done Gun with the `` Theme from Rocky '' sample -RRB- . All tracks are killers -LRB- no fillers ! -RRB- and are super catchy and addictive . Favourite songs -LRB- other than Bucky Done Gun -RRB- include `` Hombre '' , `` Pull up the People '' and `` Galang '' . If you are a fan of dance music or hip-hop - then what are you waiting for ... ?
 I first heard M.I.A. in a recreation hall on my University 's campus on a mixer with a great sound system -LRB- filled the entire downstairs and upstairs with sweet vibes -RRB- . I agree with most of the points on other positive reviews
 Despite this being an electronic album it sounds very good on vinyl , preferable to cd . It even has a silly bonus track on the D-side . There 's not much to be said about the album that has n't already been said , except for if you still have n't listened to it , you need to do it now .
 She is a genius , has a lot to say , it 's worth hearing , and this hard-to-categorize music absolutely grows on you and becomes your favorite album for weeks once it sinks in . Sound is fun , too , considering lots of toy instruments are used here , and there are a number of producers.M.I.A . is relevant , interesting and makes you pay attention.Buy this album .
 For me this is a little tricky . I know next to nothing about this type of dance music , so I really have no criteria to judge MIA.But I do like the low frequencies , quite a shock for a rock and jazz guy . I also like the singer 's voice
 We rocked this CD at the FUNK the war protest on the 5th Anniversary.MIA put all the kiddies in militant mood !
 You ca n't help but respect the creativity poring out of this album . This was M.I.A. 's debut & the reason why so many love her . I love this album & it has n't left the car in weeks .
 I have never listened to dance music , rap , hiphop and the lot of what usually people half my age now dig . Am I opposed to the beats ? Well not per se for when the ska music of the Specials , English Beat , and the like came out in the 80s I was lapping it up like a cat to a saucer of milk . I do not know my various genres of `` new '' music but well I do not care for the crudeness of most rap lyrics and I suppose this is what gives crediblity to that music for it is a snap shot of the world from which it springs . I suppose I just like MIA 's world better and her English accent is clear as a bell . The clarity is nice and though I know not what a `` geezer '' is I am willing to try to figure it out with little trepidation .
 This is highly recommended to all music fans . I do n't quite know how to categorize it as it has elements of hip-hop , pop , Sanford and Son , baile funk , and more . She does sing/rap in a very affected voice , kind of a Caribbean accent or an English one , it depends . But anyway , the first time I listened to the album I remember being confused . The second time , I remember it all coming together and having an urge to listen to it over and over . It 's a sonic kaleidoscope , with interesting lyrics , and I like that I ca n't tell whether she 's totally serious , sarcastic , or somewhere in between on most of the songs . Listen to understand what I 'm talking about . Also check out the precursor , Diplo/M . I.A. 's Piracy Funds Terrorism .
 That beat 's definitely refreshing ! Grab one of those for your car ; it 'll make your summer !
 Her first track really got my attention around August 2005 . I first seen her video `` Galang '' on the `` Yahoo Launch '' . M.I.A. 's first record is great ! It is such an interesting style of dance music and the politics intertwined in it make it intellectual too ! Mainly though , this music will have you dancing and repeating the smart and catchy lyrics . M.I.A. has no qualms about mentioning bombs , guns , terrorists and racism in her songs.Straddling the great musical divide , M.I.A. sticks her tongue out at the mainstream and moons the underground with a sound that both betrays and praises the music of her peers . She borrows from hip-hop , dancehall , reggaeton , electro-clash , drum 'n' bass and world music yet creates a sum different from the parts using little more than a drum machine and her own lyrical might.Her debut album , Arular -LRB- XL/Beggar 's Banquet -RRB- , is a Masala of planet-rock beats and batucada cut ups set off by a delivery so cadent , it 's the percussive force behind the album . M.I.A. 's most successful when she 's letting loose over a dancehall rhythm , her cockney-Jamaican accent punctuating each low-end blast with proclamations of her prowess on the mike . Such is the nature of her MCing , which can be heard to blistering effect on the single `` Fire Fire , '' on which she dismisses her peers , asserting , `` Competition coming ' up now / Load up and fire , fire bo ! '' This is to say there 's no match for M.I.A. Even comparable British MCs like Ms. Dynamite , The Streets and Dizzy Raskal fall short if only because they lack the sexual je ne se quoi that M.I.A. shamelessly exudes.Moreover , where her countrymen exist solely within the British two-step tradition , M.I.A. is a welcome every woman coming off like a basement -LRB- Jamaican party -RRB- queen rocking a favela -LRB- Brazilian ghetto -RRB- bass line . All the while , hers is a patois that can only be heard on the streets of London , yet for all the musical globetrotting , M.I.A. has found a space that 's all her own . My favorite tracks are `` Pull Up The People '' , `` Bucky Done Gun '' , `` Fire Fire '' , `` SunShower '' , Hombre , `` URAQT , '' and `` Galang '' . I do agree with the some of the reviewers when they stated that it 's only recommended to those who like different and less commercial approaches to music . This album might be a bit to raw for you due to it 's political/sexual nature , especially If you do n't understand this recording . It is important to appreciate it 's significance and to appreciate how innovative it is . If you 're not going to buy it , at least give it a listen ... Maya 's style deserves attention !
 This album makes me think of pig-tailed girls chanting jump-rope rhymes as they run into the jungle after some bombthrowing , all the while Taiko , tabla , Technotronic , and Ton-Loc play in the background.Arular is messy , naive , funny , creative , and straight banging .
 I wish reviewers would n't focus on M.I.A. 's looks or suggest she change her style `` to please more people . '' M.I.A. 's music and lyrics are bold and exciting . Her lyrical/vocal styles are different from any other artist I 've ever heard . She sings problematically -LRB- politicised -RRB- that you might not notice with songs titled `` Pull Up The People '' & `` Bucky Gone Gun '' for example . And , yes , you can most definitely shake it to M.I.A. 's music . I would recommend this album in a heartbeat . It 's one of the best albums that came out in 2005
 This is an album that everyone should at least listen to , or at least some of the songs this girl has come up with . It sounds like dancehall mixed with Beastie Boys beats . Her lyrics have a strong brazilian/indian accent as she is in fact from Sri Lanka . Some good songs , are `` Hombre '' and `` Galang '' .
 So , yeah . I heard about her while perusing some websites , so I decided to listen to the single Galang . `` Blech ! '' is what my first reaction was , and I really do n't why . Maybe it was my frame of mind , or I was n't ready for this kind of music.So anyway , a friend bought the album and he loved it , then he showed me `` Pull Up the People '' . It 's sexy , if you ignore the words for the most part . Has an awesome beat , but if I can say anything , this girl can really sing about some touchy issues with us americans . She talks about terrorism , and bombs and a whole bunch of other stuff . But the music that goes along with it ? Very very cool . Well thought out and quirky . It 's a VERY different sound and I have n't heard anything like her so far . I have a huge selection of CDs , and she is by far the most unique person in there right now.My now favorite song , `` Bucky Done Gone '' is awesome . It has an amazing beat , and the bass ... if you have good speakers , it will make the floor shake . You 'd have to hear it to see what I 'm talking about ... so why not by the album ?
 well i heard track 2 on public radio out of the blue . it caught me by surprise . said had to buy . if you want cool beats , provocative liyacs . you must buy
 This is one of the freshest albums I have heard since `` Love , Angel , Music , Baby '' , its infectious rythms and Indian vibe have it flowing with melodic beats that are sure to end up on a dance floor . Along with the talent of music , M.I.A. is a very talented artist whose works are heavily influenced by Andy Warhol . The openeing song `` Banana Skit '' reminds me of Hollaback Girl in that the whole song is teaching you how to pronounce the word Banana ! I love it . Anyone who is open to something new and loved Gwen Stefani should check out this album , it will be playing in your house for a long time .
 M.I.A 's debut album is very good . The whole war theme is really good . I truly love Galang & Hombre . Good job M.I.A and i 'm looking foward for more albums from you !
 Her cd is really different . Unlike I 've ever heard . And to the person who wrote : The Real Story behind M.I.A. THANK YOU SOOOOOO MUCH !!! I always wondered like , what war she was talking about . It makes sense now ... Thanks for taking time to explain that . I 'm very surprised about that . I would hope that she would not support terrorism . If you ignore her beliefs , her album sounds really catchy and experimental . It would have been five stars if it was n't for the political beliefs .
 Ok , I know what you 're thinking . Everybody 's saying it , it 's too hyped up by the media to be true . Well , it is true . Believe what I say.I first heard M.I.A. on a mixtape by Diplo . He is a Florida-born first rate DJ , who had recorded an outstanding , dense , complicated , yet melodic album `` Florida '' , before collaborating with a Sri-Lanka-born Mia . I thought she was just great.What is so special about M.I.A. ? It 's her voice and how she makes use of it , or rather how she flows in her unique way over different beats.Not many had heard about M.I.A. by then.When `` Arular '' came out , I decided to give it a break and wait until the hype is going to subside . I could n't make it . I listened to `` Arular '' and ... well , frankly speaking I thought it was just ok . Then , I listened to it again ... and again , and again!It grows on you , not even for a very long time and after that , you just ca n't help but listen to it over and over . It 's energetic , with pulsating , sick basslines , exotic and modern . M.I.A. can build an original and charismatic image of herself through her lyrics and first and foremost her ability to sort of , blend to the beat , she can flow in so many different ways , too . _ On top of that _ she is political . Even without it , she 'd be good enough.Don ' t hate and believe people who probably have n't heard any of her music , believe a music fan , who listens to a lot of different music and likes to be open-minded about it . Appreciate !
 Contrary to a poor review by `` El Reanimator-o '' here , this is a pretty solid album overall . It is by NO means a rap album at all , beat heavy dancehall is probably closer.Though not quite perfect -LRB- but what really is ... ? -RRB- , it has plenty going for it . There are more great songs offered than just the singles `` Galang '' & `` Sunshowers '' , such as `` 10 Dollar '' and `` Hombre '' . This disc is funky throughout but can wear on the listener if tolerated from start to finish , so add to your summer music mixes for maximum freshness . Not bad for a more different debut album , overall a solid rhythm listen .
 The single , `` Galang '' explodes like computerized firebombs ! All quaking synths and bells and whistles and a beat that would get the dead to dance . Those who are expecting more run-of-the-mill `` crunky '' R&B can look elsewhere for that dreck . The album 's combination of dancehall , Brazilian funk , grime and house with M.I.A. 's chirpy , sexy raps is hands down one of the best albums of the year . Own it now !!!
 Galang is the strongest track here and I 'd agree with many that it is no musical revolution . I enjoy it due to the fact it 's a WORLD disc and I like World music alot . It 's definitely different and I had seen the video for GALANG on the IMF Satellite channel . She 's hotter than hell in my opinion so I 'll give her a break . ; -RRB- And with those criticizing Revolution , America was created on a violent Revolution so I have no idea what they 're talking about . When you live under brutal oppression you revolt which none of us in America understand anymore . Thank God we do n't have to revolt here like others but people need to study what goes on in certain areas of the globe.Sometimes simple beats are good and this is better than alot of the major Rap trash here without any meaning at all .
 Listening to this cd , I turned my car stereo all the way up , on my way back from work . The lyric is very ostentatious and the beats are showy . 10 dollars and Hombre are two of my favorite tracks , they are both clever yet funny . It does have a political overtone , but it 's ok , I like the revolution type mood . It 's actually very good stuff when you are on a plane , totally blocks out the crying sound of babies next seat , and you can imagine a party in your head .
 I first saw her on Subterranean , it 's an MTV2 show that comes on at midnight and showcases new artist 's videos . I was taken back by the crazy beats and the setting of her video , `` Sunshowers '' -LRB- her hometown , Sri Lanka -RRB- ... then a few days later , i heard `` galang '' on a Electronica Tv station . Found her cd and bought it the same day . I took the time to really listen to it and found out that her lyrics are about actual experiences she has had growing up in Sri Lanka . Not only does it have danceable beats , it 's politically bold , inspiring , not at all mainstream , not repetitive , and i just ca n't take it out of my cd player.I 'm seeing her in concert this summer ! that 's how much I enjoy what she 's saying!Miauk.comI seriously think she is the best new artist of this year !
 If you do n't believe in her politics , listen to the music - we ca n't all be John Lennon . But we could aspire to be Public Enemy - different genre , same ethos . With her minimalist approach , she jettisons a rapid-fire selection of rage , humour , politics -LSB- sometimes muddled and confusing -RSB- , sex ... but always arresting and thought provoking . Online pugilists argue the terrorist/Tamil revolutionary ties via her father , and while it 's an important salient subject to spelunk , weaving the politico with the dance floor is an exhilarating art I ca n't overlook based on that writ - Madonna could learn a thing or two about juxtaposing them creatively -LSB- see American Life -RSB- . My grade
 Good variety between songs ... a little commonality , but the beat is so catchy I do n't care . Every song is worth a listen !
 love it !! great to play before you go out for the night or dance on the coffee table to . whichever .
 Mmmmmm hmmmmmm , wickedly wild . I 've never been into dance music much but damn , I danced , and had fun while doing it . Not to mention I 'm a sucker for politicly driven albums and it was an extra good year with both ted leo and now this . Standout tracks are definetely `` Amazon '' `` Bingo '' `` Pull Up The People '' `` Sunshowers '' ... f it , any track is a standout track .
 I am so glad that I bought this CD , after reading the review in Rolling Stone . From track to track its energy makes me want to get up and dance ! It 's both old school , modern , and exotic ... quite a compelling combination ! I 'm tempted to get me a Roland MC505 ! Play it loud and often , especially if you have a good large subwoofer . Sri Lankans rock !
 For those that like fine lady Mary Jane , this is defintely an experience to listen to . The music is driving , intense , with crazy beats that definitely work . This is definitely some incredible dance music , different from that rap stuff that 's somewhow on the dancefloors.Read the review of the album in Maxim 's Blender Magazine 's March 2005 issue , rated at a 4 out of 5 , which is pretty damn good , and pretty damn accurate . `` Bucky Done Gun '' , `` Pull Up The People '' , `` Galang '' are standout tracks .
 This is something my ears crave ; uniqueness . This album has what you need to get loose . With it 's wild beats and crazy lyrics , it 'll keep you dancing -LRB- and in my case , running as well . Good workout music -RRB- . M.I.A. 's music is not conventional . My guess is , most people either love it or hate it . Enjoy , it 's a treat ! 1 . Banana Skit2 . Pull Up The People 8/103 . Bucky Done Gun 10/10 -LRB- My fav . A true dance track . On point -RRB- 4 . Fire Fire 9/105 . Freedom Skit6 . Amazon 10/107 . Bingo 6.5 / 108 . Hombre 7.5 / 109 . One For The Head Skit10 . 10 $ 9/10 -LRB- The beat is sick ! Robotic , lol -RRB- 11 . Sunshowers 10/10 -LRB- My 2nd fav . Gives me a real island vibe -RRB- 12 . Galang 9/10
 I have not heard an album as good as this one in a long while . I can basically listen to it all the way through , with maybe skipping over 1 or 2 songs . If you buy the CD , I guarantee you that you will love it -- it does take some getting used to , however . The beats and all the background noises seem jumbled together at first , but the more you listen , the more it grows on you , and the more you realize how well thought-out each song is . The contrasting sounds of the beeping , clicking , and M.I.A. 's own voice is almost other-worldy . Now , some reviews say that this album is `` genius '' and `` revolutionary . '' I would n't go that far . Very few artists can be considered to be like that -- The Beatles , Michael Jackson , etc. . Though M.I.A. 's music wo n't change hip-hip as The Beatles changed rock , it is still a fresh , new work that may inspire new ideas of the genre . I can assure you that whatever music you normally listen to , you will like M.I.A. I am a fairly devouted top-20 , mainstream music fan -- probably the most distant you can get from most of M.I.A. 's listeners -- yet I still like it . I am no musical snob , nor teenage wannabe-hipster , trying to find artists that no one else knows about , just so I can seem `` cool . '' I am just an average person and I love the music on Arular , proving that the album can apply to all people with all different tastes . From the heavy clicks and beats of `` Galang , '' to the more lyrical , melodic character of `` Amazon '' -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , M.I.A. explores different aspects of rap/hip-hop that is sure to please all listeners , guaranteed .
 I do n't care about all the hype , I dig this record a lot . I play it , then I play it again . it 's almost always in my head . I wish I had four more of her records . the performance is very loose and the production is really tight . rollicking , rowdy , catchy as hell . she 's got a great spark .
 This is a quote from a negative comment , '' This is the definition of drivel '' . Please tell me what you like . To me , this is an example of a flow lyrically , and artistic beats , that combine to produce a vibe that I have n't heard in a looooong time ! It 's SEXY , political , and -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- F@#king HUGE IN SOUND -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- !!!!
 This album is so good . Its something people that love dance and rock can love . The mix of jamiaican street beats with great lyrics and the unexpectedness of this album makes it that much better . This is must-have .
 I came across M.I.A. completely by accident after reading a small blurb in TIME magazine a few months ago . The brief review intrigued me so I gave the album a listen and fell completely in love with her sound . I highly recommend this album for anyone into hip-hop -- not only hip-hop , but anyone into good music with an infectious beat and catchy melody . M.I.A. . This girl is good , folks . Seriously , it 's only a matter of time before Timbaland gets a hold of her and puts her on a track with Missy Elliot or something and M.I.A. takes over the world.Since that blurb first appeared in TIME she has had her US release , mounted a small international tour taking her from New York to Tokyo and made her US television debut on Jimmy Kimmel Live . M.I.A has generated a great buzz and after some research I discovered it first started when she released an independent mix-tape in the UK which garnered her great underground-buzz in the UK much similar to that of 50 Cent before he made his major label debut.Most reviewers make a big deal about pointing out M.I.A. 's refugee status -LRB- her family moved from Sri Lanka to the UK when M.I.A. was eight-years-old -RRB- , and it 's true some of her lyrics are tinged with that fact . But the only blatantly political track on Arular is the `` hidden '' track which appears on the album after the song `` Galang . `` Despite her troubled and political past , M.I.A. gives us no sour and melancholy sounds . She instead hands the world an album with the kind of music you crave to listen to while driving in your car or doing house work -- feel good music.This album is a gem from start to finish , but if you 're still skeptical I suggest you sample these stand-out tracks
 When I first heard of M.I.A. through word of mouth and anticipating articles , I sort of formed this opinion of this interesting , yet ultimately disappointing electronic outfit.I listened to the single , `` Galang '' and was very put off.So ... do n't ask me why I decided to buy Arular when I found it had placed # 2 on my store 's top 10 dance albums . * Something * compelled me . So as I took it home and listened to it , I found I was seriously not in the mood for it . I wanted something melodic , and this album is anything BUT melodic . On top of that , her accent and the amount of violence really made me worry that I wasted my money.Yet I found I could n't put it away . It constantly finds it 's way on my stereo , and then I started really listening to the tracks , and I found that I really do love this CD . It 's seductive , it 's sleek , it 's sexy , and it 's BLUNT . Another reviewer put it perfectly about the artist post 9/11 . The first skit , `` Banana Skit '' had me captivated simply by the use of beats . That she 's teaching us how to pronounce Banana only makes it better . `` Pull Up The People '' had a driving and seductive beat with an extremely relevant message . Actually I believe her entire album has a great message.Bucky Done Gun uses a weird horn sample during the song which I actually ca n't wait to hear whenever I listen to the music.All of the songs share the inventiveness , creativity , and desperation of an artist craving to express herself . This album is n't for everyone , but it should be .
 My 10 year old daughter and my 61 year old butt ca n't get enough of Arular . Masterfully edited - as tight and rich as the Beatles at their peak . The dad loves the mechanical electronic aspects . The girl has to sing along with the singsong poetry and just dance to it.Maya 's voice is awesome . My brother 's reaction was that he does n't like foreigh sounding funny voices in his music , so this is n't for everyone . But it 's not just for open minded college students . This is the real thing . This is a most favored treat in our huge and eclectic music collection.As with other reviewers , we , too , are put off by the violent images , but for us it has the authentic feel of a window into the revolutionary third world .
 this album is great ! its refreshing to discover a strong female artist who 's unwilling to use her sexuality to sell records . think about it , there are really very few out there who are n't shaking their -LSB- ... -RSB- to hide that they have no real talent . heck , i can drop it like its hot , it do n't mean a thang . so i heard `` galang '' about a year ago and was blown away - awesome ! i had to have the album so i scooped it up and from the first `` ba-na-na '' i was hooked . MIA throws down great lyrics , rapping , singing , chanting . really fun stuff , despite the content at times . i do n't know that this album is appropriate for kids , but nowadays not much is . MIA 's association with the Tamil Tigers -LRB- her father is/was a member -RRB- seems to be a basis for much of her writing and there is a fair amount of violence . MTV refused to play the `` sunshowers '' video because of her reference to the PLO . and MIA would not edit the track , except to remove an F-bomb or two . good for her !!! no compromise ! so the album is full of gritty beats , danceable and interesting . Diplo mixed and if you are a fan , i recommend getting your hands on the ultra-rare `` piracy funds terrorism '' - -LRB- re -RRB- mixes mostly by Diplo of Arular songs and a TON of extras . `` pop '' and `` ladykiller '' are worth it alone . but back to Arular - if you 're into strong ladies , socially conscious lyrics and funky beats , check it out . my fave songs include `` sunshowers '' `` fire fire '' and `` amazon . ''
 Ok , this album is one of those things where you either love it or you hate it ... There 's not a lot of room in between , and even though I really like the quirky lyrics and catchy beats , I 'll be the first one to announce that this album is destined to be despised by many.Lyrically , -LRB- after you listen enough to really interpret them -RRB- this album is political . However , she covers up some of her darker messages with up-beat sounds and effects . As I told my friends , if you 're a fan of G.W. , you 're gon na hate these songs ... -LRB- Especially the hidden track , `` M.I.A. '' -RRB- . Vocally , the only artist I can compare her voice to is Bjork . Their styles of music are completely different . But they way they sing are similar because both of them have very very strong accents , which also will put off some listeners.Finally the general sound to the songs is ... different . I think this is what will raise the most eyebrows , because most people are n't used to listening to this type of music . She put most of it together with one of those beat-machines , so it has a electronica/drum 'n' bass feel to it.I do n't think many people are ready for M.I.A. She 's too different , and that scares a lot of people . However , if you like listening to a little bit of everything , like to have a diverse collection of music , and like to have something truly `` unique , '' then I suggest downloading one or two songs from iTunes or something to see what you think first.But if you truly hate dance music , do n't even bother with this album.And do n't hate her just because you do n't get it , hate her after you figure her out ... because it 's unfair to judge us and her from sample clips that do n't even give this album any justice.Recommended songs
 This album is innovative and fun , blending various styles to create one slick and catchy sound . It is a refreshing change to bland Strokes-wannabies and the same old homogenised Fiddy/G-Unit output and what a surprise you Yanks do n't seem to understand or appreciate it ! I 've even read reviews on here criticising her accent - SHE 'S FOREIGN WHAT DO YOU EXPECT ?!? I 've read other reviews attacking her political agenda - WHAT DO FIDDY AND HIS GOONS RAP ABOUT ??? Guns , Beatches and Drugs that 's what !!!! At least MIA has something intelligent to say . Is n't freedom of speech a constitutional right for you guys anyway ??? Open your ears and your wallet and buy a copy now !!!
 A cursory listen to Arular makes one wonder how it could generate so much heated , in-depth talk , as it did well before its official release . This is very direct and physical party music , with lots of slang-filled phrasings that might not have any more meaning than `` The roof is on fire ! '' or `` Dizzouble dizzutch ! '' to Americans . It 's music that is conducive to dancing or doing other carefree things in the sunshine , rather than what you should hear most often through feeble computer speakers in dimly lit rooms . So why bother discussing it at all ? Well , below the surface is a lot more than anyone 's basic idea of a good time . The blend of styles - a dense , often chaotic collage of garage from the U.K. , dancehall from Jamaica , crunk from the Dirty South , electro and hardcore rap from New York , and glints of a few others - is unique enough to baffle anyone who dares categorize it . Beats crack concrete in whomping blasts and scramble senses in exotic patterns ; flurries of percussive noise , synthetic handclaps , and synth jabs add chaos ; exuberant vocals are delivered in a manner that will be frequently unintelligible to a lot of ears . More importantly , once all the layers of rhythm and accents are peeled away , you 'll hear that Maya Arulpragasam - the London-based woman of Sri Lankan origin who , along with a host of fellow producers , is behind the album - has a lot more on her mind and in her past than fun , even when she 's only alluding to the violence and strife her people have endured . The images that adorn the cover of the album are n't present merely for the sake of design , either ; the tanks are n't a nod to the No Limit label . -LRB- Enter 10,000-word history of pre-tsunami Sri Lanka here . -RRB- The one key definite about Arular is that it 's the best kind of pop album imaginable . It can be enjoyed on a purely physical level , and it also carries the potential to adjust your worldview .
 I love this album . The sound is fresh , it makes me want to dance and I love the mix of sounds . Well produced , good lyrics , great freshman album , ca n't wait to see what M.I.A. does next .
 `` Galang '' is a great and very danceable song with a very ` bollywood ' feel to it ... The other songs on this album are masterpieces within themselves , and I recommend this to anyone looking for anything new to listen to .
 cool beats and blips . inventive vocal stylings . sometimes catchy , sometimes weird , but it could be weirder . it sounded very foreign to me at first listen , but not so much now . still , i always like hearing fresh new sounds that make you wonder
 I saw the video for Galang on BPM and was laughing out loud . This skinny little Sri Lankan girl was spitting out london ghetto rap while dancing crazily in front of a cartoon backdrop . But the next few days , something about the beat stayed in my head . I had to hear it again . I did , and I taped it , and the more I listened to it the more I realized I wanted to hear more . I found it at a store and bought it . On the bus ride home I did n't much care for it , but like the Galang video , it stayed in my head . Everytime I listened to it I liked it a little bit more . It 's like watching Pulp Fiction , each time you see it , something appears to you that you missed before that makes the whole thing make more and more sense . By now , it is one of my favourite CD 's and I do n't even listen to this genre -LRB- if it even fits into any genre -RRB- regularly . It is n't for everyone , but if you have a good subwoofer and an open mind for something unique ... give it a shot .
 This CD is fantastic.It 's more addtictive than potatoe chips and bad habits . If you crave a fun , smart , and thrilling sound than this is the CD to listen to.My personal favorites are `` Pull Up the People '' , `` Hombre '' , `` URAQT '' , and `` Galang '' ...
 Maya is KILLER on this CD . Her voice is Captivating , the Beats are bangin ' , fun , & sexy . Her lyrics have so much atitude , she takes charge in them like saying she is gon na do what she wants to do . Everysong is fast and up-beat . its a combo of dance , hip hop -LRB- missy style - note - she did nto work with missy onthis album at all -RRB- and some latin beats . every songs is great , i ca n't stop listeing to it . this is one girl that is here to stay and will keep rockin with this bangin music !
 I heard this in a coffeshop last week and was totally jarred by what I was hearing . Lyrically profound at times , musically challenging all the time ! She has a VERY unique style and sound that you will not soon forget . If you are tired of the same old song-and-dance that you hear on the radio and in the mainstream clubs , then you are in need of and are ready for this cd.A body of work this great doesnt come around too often , BUT if you are looking for the new Beyonce or J-lo
 The best -LRB- and perhaps only -RRB- way to categorize this album is `` wildly creative . '' Beyone that , `` Arular '' defies all genres , stereotypes and expectations , providing listeners with a high energy , politically-aware , hook-laden and refreshing blend of raggae , hip hop , techno , dance hall . This album will leave you scratching your head and trying to figure out just how you 'll describe it to all the people you will want to recommend it to . While `` Galang '' is single-worthy , it 's really in tracks such as `` Hombre , '' `` 10 Dollar '' and `` Sunshowers '' that M.I.A. really shines . What else would one expect from a UK-born-Sri-Lankan-version-of-Shabba-Ranks-meets-Missy-Elliott . `` Arular '' is globalization at its very best .
 Probably the most best album that will be released this decade . It has great significance in a post-9 / 11 world . M.I.A. has no qualms about mentioning bombs , guns , terrorists and racism in her songs . Every track stands out , the previous release tracks ` Sunshowers ' and ` Galang , ' probably some of the best tracks of 2004 , are overshadowed by ` Pull Up The People ' and ` Bucky Done Gun . 'M . I.A. is truly is TuPac of the third-world .
 M.I.A. 's first record is awesome ! It is such an interesting style of dance music and the politics intertwined in it make it intellectual too ! Mainly though , this music will have you dancing and repeating the smart and catchy lyrics . In the meanwhile `` I bongo with my lingo , and beat it like a wing yo ! `` If you 're not going to buy it , at least give it a listen ... Maya 's style deserves attention !
 THIS IS THE BEST CD . PERIOD . CRAZY BEATS , CRAZY CRAZY CHICK ! I LOVE M.I.A. . HER VOICE , HER SONGS , THE HOOKS , THE MUSIC , EVERYTHING ! ANYONE BASHING THIS ARTIST HAS NOTHING BETTER TO DO THEN LISTEN TO SIMPLE PLAN AT HOME ON A FRIDAY NIGHT WITH THEIR GRANDPARENTS . ENOUGH SAID .
 First read about MIA in an issue of The New Yorker magazine in November 2004 . Couldnt wait for the album to appear -LRB- scheduled for February 2005 -RRB- . Pre-ordered from Amazon USA . Strange delays , then order cancelled . Re-ordered and received a copy in April 2005 . Amazing music but there are only 12 tracks . Heard the missing track `` URAQT '' in Gaslight Records , Melbourne , Australia - it is an amazing track - very strong lyrics and very bad harmonica . Why the censorship ? Land-of-the-free-and home-of-the-brave ? I think not ! XL Recordings USA and Amazon USA , you are pretty lame . Fellow lovers of good music ... if you want the un-expurgated edition -LRB- 13 tracks -RRB- of this album , order it from Amazon UK or Shock Records Australia . Can the rest of us get a refund ?
 I heard a sample of her on NPR a couple months ago and could not get it out of my head -LRB- good thing -RRB- . Interesting girl and story .
 FYI - MIA has another version of this album , `` Piracy Finds Terrorism '' , first only as a bootleg , but now available from Hollertronix among other places . `` Piracy Funds Terrorism '' has most of the same tracks as `` Arular '' with a few outstanding others -LRB- URAQT , Lady Killer , plus some fantastic Brazilian Baile Funk by a totally unknown band Batidao Cruel -RRB- , all remixed by the DJ Diplo . In my opinion , `` Piracy Funds Terrorism '' is the best thing ever done by either Diplo or MIA , and may be the best album of the year -LRB- it is to me at least -RRB- , and clear 5 + on the Amazon Scale.I know this all not because I am so incredibly hip and cool , but actually because I 'm not . My first taste of MIA was over college radio . It consisted of a long portion of `` Piracy Funds Terrorism '' , but was identified at the station break as `` MIA , and her new album Arular '' . I advanced ordered the CD from Amazon , but was initially disappointed because it did n't sound like the version on the radio . It took me a few weeks to work the rest out.This album , Arular , contains the base tracks of the songs used to make the remixed version of `` Piracy Funds Terrorism '' . It is a very , very good album definitely better than 99 % of the stuff out there , a 5 on the Amazon scale , just not as good as `` Piracy Funds Terrorism '' . I think that last point is what causes most of the confusion . and the liner notes which contain the words alone justify the purchase prices.It 's tempting to think of MIA as silly , goofy , fun-loving , even teeny-bopping , because her sound is all those things . She is also fun , poppy , danceable , and incredibly sexy . But two things she 's definitely not are thoughtless and commercial . Sunshowers essentially celebrates a terrorist -LRB- and gets you singing along with it -RRB- , and contains in my opinion one of the great uninterrupted lines of pop music.She reveals her hand with the line `` I Salt N'Peppa my Mango '' . MIA , a Sri Lankan by birth takes her native Indian-infused culture , and flavors it with classic late ` 80 's hip-hop and other goofy , though timeless influences . This is an infectious CD , the liner art and notes alone are worth the price of purchase , but better yet , if you follow its trail , it can lead you to a lot of new and fantastic influences . I definitely recommend it .
 I Love This Album !!! When I First Heard Her Song Galang On The 10 Spot On MTV I Thought That 's The Type of Music I Like ! So Then After That I Went On Virgin To Sample Each Song On Her Album & I 'm Like I Have To Get Her Album NOW !!! So 3 Days Later It Finally Arrived & I Listened To The Whole Album & It Was OFF THE HOOK !!! Buy This Album !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i first heard M.I.A. about a year ago , her music was the first to come along in a long time that was totally new to my ear . it is raw , simple -LRB- but not simple -RRB- and amazing . hopefully she will make another record , but having seen her live it is hard to tell whether she is dedicated to being a performer . regardless , great record . DJ Diplo is excellent as well and had a lot to do with this record .
 I work at a record store , and ` Arular ' is easily the best new album I 've heard yet this year . M.I.A. deserves to blow up in North America !
 M.I.A. is the talk of the Internets , and her highly-anticipated breakthrough debut album Arular has finally dropped after many delays and way too many downloads on the down low . Mixing ragga , dancehall , electro hip hop east Indian brilliance , M.I.A. 's songs touch such controversial subjects as revolutionary warfare , prostitution , politics , among other themes that bring a lyrical controversy to each track . Arular is oddly brilliant in a scruffy , I-can ` t-get-these-songs-out-of-my-head kind of way . It 's not for everyone , natch . Open your ears . The future is here .
 I love Kala as well , because it sounds cleaner and more developed . However this album was an excellant break out in her career . fire , fire is one of my favorites . Mix with marijuana .
 She 's `` got the beats to make ya burn '' - This is the future of Hip Hop . These 10 songs -LRB- plus a `` hidden '' bonus track -RRB- are fascinating and fun . The `` extra '' re-release track `` U.R.A.Q.T. '' samples the theme of TV 's `` Sanford & Son '' . My favorite tracks are `` Hombre '' , `` 10 Dollar '' , and the steel-drum laden `` Bingo '' .
 If you can listen to this album - any track on this album - for more than 4 or at most 5 seconds and -LRB- 1 -RRB- stay still -LRB- 2 -RRB- keep it clean and PG13 , my condolences to your family , alas , you are dead . You can expect to be receiving the memo shortly .
 Sri Lankan-British electronica-hip hop . There are a lot of hyphenated descriptors possible for her . M.I.A. is an original , no one else sounds this way . When I first listened to this CD I thought that it would be better off interspersed with other music , but it 's been growing on me . A solid block of M.I.A. to rattle the brain free.Post-colonial . Post-modern . A feminist-P . Funk ? Sun Ra + sampler ?
 I knew within the first thirty seconds of the first track of this CD that I was going to love it . It was sort of the music-listening equivalent to `` you had me at hello '' . The energy of this CD is so fresh and so intoxicating that it made me feel like I just drank a Red Bull.M.I.A . is an artist who is difficult to classify , which means that she is a true original . Her music has the bravado of hip-hop , the experimental quality of electronica , the multi-cultural vibe of world music . Yet it does n't come across as pretentious or forced at all . She 's just taking what she needs to turn herself on . And the listener -LRB- me -RRB- is turned on in return . Is n't that what music is all about ?
 We 're Bucky Done Gun freaks in this househould -- two boho liberal boomers and a seven year old girl -- which goes to show universal a truly infectious pop song can be . With no background on M.I.A. I downloaded it and after then watching the video on You Tube was both freaked and fascinated by the populist power of this tune -- if `` tune '' is the appropriate term for a dissonant mix of hip-hop and thirld-world-ish marching music ! Love those crazy horns ! Great threatening lyrics -LRB- this is coming from a downtown Manhattanite who was deeply traumatized by 911 -RRB- that deftly conflate sexual and third world revolutionary politics -LRB- `` I 'm armed and I 'm equal , more fun for the people '' -RRB- . `` We `` are people too , of course -- I would be comforted to see that reality conveyed as well . But I personally find it exciting to be exposed to pop that reflects the conflicts of the times , however unsettling I personally find them . And I 'd rather see political anger conveyed through music and video -- as a message -- than as literal acts of destruction . That 's civilized!It 's also interesting to see a young -LRB- British -RRB- Southeast-Asian woman with such a wild , ambiguous self-presentation . Compelling.I ca n't say I 'm as crazy about the rest of the album -- worth a listen and I like Galang , but its not as exciting as B.D.G.
 Who is M.I.A. and what has she done to the art of music ?! The London-raised Sri Lankan MC has mixed up all possible forms of music to give us something that we ca n't define . You ca n't put a label on her sound ; you can only identify her inspiration . With a combination of Jamaican dance hall , hip-hop , electronica , Brazilian funk , and Asian bhangra , her style is different from anything we 're used to ; it 's addictive and fun . Her lyrics are filled with passion about life and society . She gets political and sexual all in the same song ! Who does that ? Maya Arulpragasam does ... just listen to Bucky Done Gun off her debut album Arular to get a feel of her artistic flair .
 M.I.A. !! ... Ok , so maybe not exactly 10 dollars for the CD , but you get what I mean . M.I.A. exploded onto the music scene -LRB- mostly underground dance-halls -RRB- throughout 2005 , and as an MC in England in earlier years . A refugee from Sri Lanka from a civil war , she grew up with her family in England , and recieved a college degree in art at a presigous art school in London . And , yes , M.I.A. does put herself to work!Arular made practically every major music magazines ' list for Best Albums of 2005 -LRB- is was # 1 in Blender magazine and the New York Post named it Album of the Year -RRB- . The CD is ecelectic , wild , and amazing fun ... and suprisingly smart . Yes , each and every song is a dance-hall hit , and M.I.A. 's rolling rhymes and booming beats are infectious . Yet , if you listen to the lyrics , they are infused with emotion , hate , spite , rage , love . His young girl does a WONDERFUL job of making this album like a book of emotions ... and emotions that do n't scream at you . Many artists have tried this tequnice to boost sales -LRB- i.e. Lindsay Lohan 's latest , alleged `` music '' -RRB- , but M.I.A. uses subtley to enrapture the listener . She speaks about the poor and destiture , warfare in Sri Lanka , rasicm -LRB- especially towards Musilms -RRB- and her anger at politics and government figueheads.I would like to give a heads up though ; this music is NOT for everyone . M.I.A. 's -LRB- amazing -RRB- accent enraged my friend , as he shouted , `` I ca n't understand what she 's saying ! '' Yet , this is well worth your buy ... but i would definatley download a track from iTunes , Napster , whatever before buying the full CD.The best tracks ?! ** `` Galang '' - M.I.A. 's infectious single about gang warfare is beautifully hypnotic and wonderfully bouncy ... will get stuck in your head for DAYS . While listening , it may sound familiar ; it was used in a recent Honda Civic ad ** `` Sunshowers '' - the simplicity of this soung is what makes it so good , and with soaring vocals during the chorus . The first verse is the BEST verse on the whole album ... ** `` Bucky Done Gun '' - on the soundtrack of the new NBA Live 2006 video game , this song is hot ! Amazing horn samples , and shoutouts to cities that give M.I.A. her musical diversity ** `` 10 Dollar '' - about a young Sri Lankan woman who becomes a mail-order bride in order to make it to the USA and get her visa . its A LOT of fun -LRB- the electronic beat starts off as if you 're playin a video game ! -RRB- and the lyrics , though they come off as light and bubbly , and real and weighty.THE BOTTOM LINE
 Definitely spend a couple of bucks more & get this . Maya Arular is one of the few hip-hop sensations who deserves all the hype . Phrases like `` raw talent '' are often used , but what also impress are the musical sophistication and biting wit . This is a hugely appealing sex-war-and-lollipops album , and fears that non-British audiences `` wo n't get it '' seem to have been unfounded judging by the sales . Exuberant and bursting with energy .
 A Sri Lankan/London dance club girl whose father was involved with the Tamil Tigers who name checks Missy Elliott and the Pixies ? What 's not to love?Huge distorted beats , dissonance , political lyrics and a sweet groove , this is music for the 21 century . The music of globalization.You may not `` get it '' now , but you will . Not that all music will sound like this , but music will head in this direction in coming years . A mishmash of different global influences coming together to sound familiar yet different at the same time.I do n't drop the 5 stars on a whole lot of albums , but this one deserves it .
 There is no words to describe how awesome this CD is . The beats , the lyrics - you will never get tired of it . I bought this C.D. the day it was released on Amazon ; I was tempted by the hype created in magazines from Blender to Suede . Each magazine described M.I.A. 's music differently , because that 's just what it is , different!If you are looking for some Ashanti type-sh * t , turn away now . M.I.A. 's lyrics are real and build stories in your imagination . And the danchall/electro riddims are amazing ; they go hand-in-hand . Here are some of my favorite tracks from the album that you might want to preview before buying the album -LRB- which you definetly should ! -RRB-
 Straddling the great musical divide , M.I.A. sticks her tongue out at the mainstream and moons the underground with a sound that both betrays and praises the music of her peers . She borrows from hip-hop , dancehall , reggaeton , electro-clash , drum 'n' bass and world music yet creates a sum different from the parts using little more than a drum machine and her own lyrical might . Her debut album , Arular -LRB- XL/Beggar 's Banquet -RRB- , is a masala of planet-rock beats and batucada cut ups set off by a delivery so cadent , it 's the percussive force behind the album . M.I.A. 's most successful when she 's letting loose over a dancehall rhythm , her cockney-Jamaican accent punctuating each low-end blast with proclamations of her prowess on the mike . Such is the nature of her MCing , which can be heard to blistering effect on the single `` Fire Fire , '' on which she dismisses her peers , asserting , `` Competition comin ' up now / Load up and fire , fire bo ! '' Which is to say there 's no match for M.I.A. Even comparable British MCs like Ms. Dynamite , The Streets and Dizzy Raskal fall short if only because they lack the sexual je ne se quoi that M.I.A. shamelessly exudes . Moreover , where her countrymen exist solely within the British two-step tradition , M.I.A. is a welcome everywoman coming off like a bashment -LRB- Jamaican party -RRB- queen rocking a favela -LRB- Brazilian ghetto -RRB- bassline . All the while , hers is a patois that can only be heard on the streets of London , yet for all the musical globetrotting , M.I.A. has found a space that 's all her own .
 I 'm surprised that `` Arular '' , unquestionably one of 2005 's best albums , failed to create any satisfactory performances on the Billboard Hot 200 -LRB- peaked at # 190 -RRB- , despite rave reviews & the artistic unconventionality that drives this album into `` classic '' status . M.I.A. combines crazy , club-ready , catchy-as-hell beats with meaningful -LRB- if not blunt , violent & slang-infested -RRB- lyrics , multiple musical elements of Dancehall , Electronica , Pop , Rap & Hip-Hop -LRB- not to mention others -RRB- , along with raw , unrestrained vocals in her rapping & singing skills , resulting in the musical masterpiece that is `` Arular '' . Whether it be the confrontational , relentless assault on war & politics on songs like `` Bucky Done Gun '' & `` Pull Up The People '' , the unusually interesting skits , the pure dance craze of meaningful , slang-infested club bangers like `` Galang '' & `` 10 Dollar '' or anything to everything else in-between , `` Arular '' sends the listener through an unpredictably twisted rollercoaster of emotions & viewpoints.Casual listeners will have a hard time digesting something as ingeniously complex as `` Arular '' , but anyone with an ear for truthful , unconventional music should definitely get this ! Trust me ... it is well worth your money ! I wish the best for M.I.A. because with some more support , she could have a very fruitful music career .
 I found out about M.I.A. long before she was released in the states from an obsure magazine I found in my campus 's bookstore . I was very intreguied by her story of plight and just her story in general . I scoured Amazon only to discover I could only buy it from the UK version of Amazon . I could n't figure out what the conversion from pounds to dollars were so I bought Galang and Sunshowers from iTunes.It was fantastic . The songs were so addicting with their musical stylings . I was in awe that it was all synthesized . She incorporated unique influences that amazed me . Everyone I made listen to it hated it . But it 's so catchy and upbeat ! It is great designing music for me . I love the album art too . It 's awesome how , being an artist , her work gets on the cd art and that 's very representitive of her and who she is .
 Fabulous Album.There are some amazing songs on here . 10 Dolla , Hombre , Fire Fire , Bingo are some of my favs . But they are all great , all of them.Fun to dance/sing/work-out / whateva to.Plus there 's a hidden track . -LRB- 10 points if you find it ! -RRB- Worth the money . Buy it !
 M.I.A. has to be the best new artist in awhile . This is one of the best and most eclectic albums ever.She combines so many styles into one so easily . The result is so catchy and irresistible , you just wo n'tbe able to stop listening to it.This CD is so great that it can not be described in words !
 Gosh where to begin . First off , thank the powers that be for artists like M.I.A. ! Sitars , bongo drums , thumping basslines , blips and beats , there is everything but the kitchen sink in Arular . M.I.A. 's music is in a genre all of its own . More a fusion of hip-hop and electronica with a healthy dose of South Asian flavoring . I ca n't even begin to tell you how welcome and refreshing her sound is in this era of cardboard , cookie cutter music.Stand out tracks include Galang , Hombre , Pull Up The People and Sunshowers . While M.I.A. brings together a wild range of sounds and beats , it 's fairly accessible and this is music you will want to dance to . Highly recommended .
 This album is so great . It combines electronica with hip-hop with world music with reggae with 80s dance music with everything else out there . It 's so much fun to listen to . The lyrics are actually very political , which makes the album even more interesting . Maya aka M.I.A. just has something about her that is very unique and strong . Watch her videos for Sunshowers and Galang , and you will just be wanting more . A lot of people call her the British Missy Elliot , and that is a nice compliment , but I am sure I will buy more of M.I.A. 's albums in the future than I will with Missy 's albums . I do n't think this artist should be compared to anyone . She is totally unique and fresh and cool and tough and melodic and everything else that is good in the world . Ha ! Later , Mark = -RRB-
 First in response to the `` terrorist references '' ... last time I checked the PLO is n't a Terrorist Organization.Secondly , she sings about blowing things up
 I picked up this CD because Rolling Stone gave it 4 out of 5 . They are right on with the review . The music very accessible and almost instantly likeable . My only real problem with this album is a very small one-the song `` Amazon '' . It just does n't really stick with the rest of the album . Altogether an excellent debut .
 This is one of the few albums I can listen to all the way through without ever feeling the need to skip a track . It is also one of the few where most of the songs I enjoy listening to on repeat -LRB- most other songs get old after being played three or four times in a row -RRB- . The music is bouncy and with a lot of heat ; it is active and fun to listen to . It is also fun as everytime I hear a song I get a different or deeper understanding of what she is actually talking about . Being American makes her harder for me to understand , but slowly as I understand more of what she says it is very interesting . Her songs sound fun and uplifting , yet careful inspection of the lyrics or after listening to it for a while you realize there is a lot of depth and serious stuff she is talking about . Unveiling what she is actually talking about behind what it , at first glance , appears to be talking about is fun . It is also intriguing how she will contrast rather grim topics -LRB- which at first glance do n't seem grim -RRB- with very pleasant , fun , playful , and lighthearted tunes , music , and melodies . It makes the music , to me , more fun , more enjoyable , and as having more depth . She is very creative and anyone who truly appreciates real , raw , and original creativity and art will appreciate this album .
 For anyone who like to dance in the car : This CD the epitomy of funky dark bass driven beats and playful feminine rhymes .
 When I first heard the song `` Galang '' a few months ago , I wanted to drop to the floor and thrash about wildly . When I first listened through all of `` Arular '' this week , I wanted to detach my limbs from my body so they could all move independently of one another in order to keep up with the beats.Anyone with a pulse will find it nearly impossible not to move to M.I.A. 's raw , solid beats . Anyone with a brain will appreciate M.I.A. 's unique presentation of her politics and outlook -LRB- whether you agree with her or not -RRB- . But , if you 'd rather keep your brain on `` off '' and just pulsate uncontrollably to the beats , that 's fine too .
 On a recent episode of MTV2 's ` Advance Warning ' , a show that spotlights up and coming musical talent , MIA described her music as genre free . She is , fortunate for her , not lying . But in a matter of a couple of years , the industry will pigeon hole her sound and put out dozens of artists that sound just like her . Of course , for the time being , there is only one MIA and what she brings to the table is something entirely fresh , and steaming hot for your listening pleasure . While I agree with most reviewers that MIA is an acquired taste , that does n't mean this album wo n't grow on you . Filled to the brim with space-ship like surroundings , dancehall flavor , and Miami bass floruishes , MIA is a genre in and of herself.When you can understand what she is saying , you will hear that much of MIA 's lyrical content is fiercely political , but not too much as to detract listeners from just shutting off their radios . With Sri-Lankan blood running through her veins , she speaks of their tribulations , creating an electronic revolution that empowers and spreads awareness like wildfire . ` Pull Up the People ' is a brash , but sparse electronic political chant that clangs through your eardrums , where MIA demands `` pull up the people , pull up the poor ... '' `` Bucky Done Gun '' is all horns , mega-phone screams , and Miami booty bass that will heat up dancefloors while allowing MIA to spit lyrical venom about her need for peace , no matter the consequence . ` Galang ' , street sass for the masses , is MIA at her best . Over an alien-like drum pattern and metallic explosions , MIA is almost indecipherable except for her ` galang-galang ' insults -LRB- Galang is Jamaican -LRB- ? -RRB- slang that basically means step off -RRB- . ` Sunshowers ' is about as melodic as MIA gets throughout the course of her album . Think of the Neptunes colliding with world music , while a fresh , cool Soca beat gently washed over all the mess . It 's bliss ... ` Amazon ' is Island Tiki Hut music , where MIA 's distant vocals drift like an ethereal river through the coconut sounding drums and metallic chirps.Genre free ? Yeah . Fresh ? Most def . Worthy of all the hype ? Listen for yourself , but I have a sneaking suspicion that you will agree with the minority of those that have heard of this newcomer and agree with the consensus . Tired of G-g-g-unit !? Thought so ... MIA has somethin' for that a ** ... Take a listen with an open mind and get back to me ...
 Far from the commercial drivel hip-hop has become , M.I.A has become the saviour , `` Arular '' is so far removed from Top 40 hits that it grows to become somewhat of a revelation . This is by far one of the most amazing debuts in recent years . A mixture of house , electronica , hip-hop and grime `` Arular '' is as fresh as it is innovative.Littered with illicit instrumentation and mesmerising rhymes , this catapults M.I.A into the hip-hop stratosphere created by the likes of Run DMC and Public Enemy . Many of the songs are simply too unique to be radio friendly but songs like `` Galang '' and `` Sunshowers '' have a certain catchiness that is unmistakeable . `` Arular '' puts some colour into the bland landscape of British music . The tracks here are like soundscapes , very evocative and emotive.From the Ibiza rave of `` Hombre '' , industrial sass of `` Galang '' to the freakishly realistic jungle imagery of `` Amazon '' . This just has to be heard to be believed . Everything about this album defies belief.Never since Hole 's `` Live Through This '' have I been so blown away by an album . Usually with an album I have some idea of how it will please me , there is a degree of certainty , however with `` Arular '' I was awestruck . Quite simply the best hip-hop album in history .
 This CD is fun to listen to , even though the themese of the songs are not very light themselves -LRB- example
 I received this album from a friend , it took me a couple of months to listen to it , but now i cant take it out of my player . I LOVE this CD ... its awesome and a big change from all of the crap that artist are putting out now . On some of her songs she actually has a message ... why do you thing her American Visa has been revoked . . check out the hidden track and her attack on the powers that be in the US .
 i love this music , but i can see how some people would n't . i guess reading through the reviews here says the same thing
 I 'll be honest . I 'm not a person who praises many CDs often ... let alone rap music , even though I am the president of the Hip Hop Club at my high school . I love to rap and I 'm damn good at it , so seeing people on the TV who have other people ghost write songs and claim they 're hood because their from the south frustrate me because the kids in my neighborhood -LRB- in Compton -RRB- believe it and think its ok to sell drugs and smoke weed and that they-too can be rich someday . But M.I.A was different . Her style was different . Her approach was different . It was as if she made love to every track she birthed and bred it for millions to love.The cover alone makes it evident that the CD would not become corporate neonazi bull , and that she really fought for her music . It does n't play on local radio stations here in California , and I am happy its not . Its a good thing that she wo n't be put on the radio and lost into scandals.I downloaded a couple of songs after listening to Amazon previews , but the songs I had were not enough , I found myself doing something I rarely do as a high school student . I went to the store and purchased the CD and I do n't regret it . EVery song was great . My father , my sister , my brother , and I love the CD . It 's something you can play with your parents around , just you , in a bad mood , good mood , or in an atmospheric condition . I recommend this CD to anyone willing to give a new style of music a try .
 When I first heard about M.I.A from a brief article in a news magazine , I was both intrigued by the description of her music and darkly fascinated with her back story . From the article , I gained the knowledge that M.I.A -LRB- whose real name is Maya Arulpragasam -RRB- was a war refugee from Sri Lanka who now is a rapidly rising visual artist and `` electronic-dancehall '' singer based out of London . After looking online for more information on her , I found that critics had almost nothing but good things to say about her and her new album , `` Arular . '' Convinced that I would like the album , I decided to purchase it . I do not regret the decision at all . `` Arular '' opens with frantic percussion , and this continues at a similar driving pace for most of the album . Some reviewers have criticized this project for having `` simple '' beats , but I disagree . The rhythms on this album are infectious -LRB- especially on songs like `` Galang '' and `` Fire Fire '' -RRB- and hard to ignore . M.I.A uses her voice as an instrument as well , rapping and singing in a manner that sounds great with the music . Especially interesting are the parts of the album where she layers her voice , such as the harmonizing at the beginning of `` Hombre '' or the wordless chorus of `` Ya-ya-hey ! Oh-ee-oh-ya-ya-yay '' at the end of `` Galang . '' The style that this album is in seems to be in a genre entirely its own , fusing a myriad of styles together as many critics have pointed out.Lyrically , this album mixes the carefree with the serious in a way that I have n't encountered before . M.I.A does have some mindless but fun party songs on here -LRB- `` Bingo , '' `` Hombre , '' `` Bucky Done Gun '' -RRB- but she also sets out to educate people about the Sri Lankan civil war and the ravages of conflict as well . These topics are not what you would usually find on a dance-oriented album . M.I.A 's father -LRB- who is named `` Arular '' -RRB- left her family to found a militant group , which was one of the factors in her becoming a refugee . Because of this close contact with the war , it is understandable that she would be somewhat preoccupied with it . `` Freedom Skit , '' `` Fire Fire , '' `` Pull Up The People , '' `` Sunshowers , '' and the excellent hidden track `` M.I.A '' all reference the conflict and the impact that it had on her life.The interesting thing about M.I.A is the fact that she talks about war and everything that goes with it -LRB- terrorism , poverty , ETC -RRB- without sounding preachy or personally violent . When she mentions these things , she is just giving the straight talk about everything she saw growing up in war-torn Sri Lanka . It never seems as if she is justifying or promoting what goes on over there , and she does n't seem to be moralizing or anguishing about it either . She just wants people to know about it in a way that will make them listen , and for this reason she is perfectly comfortable saying lines like `` The trendsetters make things better / Do n't sell out to be product pushers '' and `` Every gun in a battle is a son and daughter , too / So why you wan na talk about who done who ? '' next to ones like `` I bongo with my lingo / And beat it like a wing yo . '' M.I.A 's party is not going to stop when the politics come in.All things considered , it 's an excellent album that receives my highest recommendation .
 I 'm a libertarian , which is basically about as far away politically from M.I.A 's political opinions as one can get ; however , I found myself thoroughly enjoying many songs on `` Arular , '' including the socialist `` Pull Up the People . '' I embrace most types of music , but am especially a fan of electronica , so I was quite pleased to see this masterful use of electronica in hip-hop . Her political lyrics sometimes become nonsensical -- not in the sense that I disagree with them -LRB- I do -RRB- , but in the sense that they are n't very coherent . But that 's not why I listen to `` Arular . '' Because her lyrics are n't anything masterful and her accent covers up the mediocrity involved there , I can pay better attention to the beats and M.I.A 's voice , which almost operates as an instrument.This album is filled with absolutely amazing electronic beats . The best songs on here are definitely `` Bucky Done Gun , '' `` Pull Up the People '' and `` Galang . '' The Amazon reviewer ` hit the nail on the head ' when he noted that there was repetitiveness to this disc , though
 This is an album that will very quickly move into your regular rotation ... that is if you like this type of fusion between dancehall , rap , electronica , tribal etc. . . I 've read some pretty bitter reviews and I just do n't understand the acrimony . If it 's not for you then just get over it , but I personally think that this is an amazing work of creativity and expression . It 's lucky for me that I happened to be living in Germany when I bought this record because my favorite song -LRB- URAQT -RRB- has been omitted from the US version . I do n't understand why people like Lil Kim and Marilyn Manson can have their stuff released in the US but a song about kicking some girls butt for messing with your man is apparantly too taboo . The song is really great , and if you 've dealt with a home wrecker then it 's even greater , lol . Please try to buy the non-US version , if only for that one song . There are a few weak songs on this album -LRB- i could do without Sunshowers and Bingo -RRB- however the good ones -LRB- Bucky Done Gun , Pull Up The People , $ 10 , Hombre , Fire Fire -RRB- more than make up for the duds . Her voice is very eclectic , going from sexy and fun on one track to aggressive and bombastic on another . Kind of reminds me of Bjork in a less evolved way but give her time . M.I.A is definately a new breed in her own right however and her unique style and delivery give her a place all her own . This is music to be listened to in your car at full volume or on a set of head phones also at full volume . It 's feel good move your body music interwoven with subtle and not so subtle political messages -LRB- ` Pull up the people , pull up the poor ... ' -RRB- that are irrelevant if all you want to do is jam to some good beats . I support her views for the most part but I can see how they could detract from the music . There 's a lot of violent imagery ... but her father is a rebel fighter so I 'm not surprised . Really though , all of the over hype and eye brow raising surrounding her background is just that . The music speaks for itself . Do yourself a favor and buy this as soon as you can .
 Seems people are writin ' reviews every few days . I bought this album the FIRST day it was released . I was very pleased with my purchase ; I knew what I was buying . I 've listened to a lot of electronic music , but when I got tired of tech step sounds in 2000 , I put away all that dark drum 'n' bass and discovered 2step UK Garage . I had always made fun of house , but 2step was RnB tinged , and had an infectious beat . Also , much of it was upbeat and happy grooves . But one needs variety , so I got switched on to Danchall Reggae that summerr of 2000 . Some 2step had talented vocals , much of what I liked was the reggae vocals . I began tto appreciate MCs in a new way , worked back into DnB cds with MC Navigator . Meanwhile . . the MC 2step thing blew up . It was n't just So Solid Crew , but other crews also . Heartless Crew 's Crisp Biscuit CD was my favorite disc for two years and its still on my iPod -LRB- 2 disc set , one MC-heavy set over 2step , one MC-heavy set over jungle ... AWESOME !! -RRB- Nasty Crew , Roll Deep , and then BANG ... DIZZEE RASCAL.Even people in the U.S. were buying the Dizzee Rascal album -LRB- note , I am in the U.S. also -RRB- . People were amazed , and impressed -- but also frustrated , confused , and just plain hating it . This `` grime '' sound -LRB- or what Wiley called his `` eski '' sound -RRB- , was weird to lots of people . To many folks it came straight outta leftfield . Other folks had already heard the fast paced MC thing , and saw the sound perfected , tweeked up , and rescued from the `` dance '' music image . `` Grime '' beats were the natural extension of some other UK Garage sounds that were once labeled `` sublow '' -LRB- BIGUPs to the Black Ops and Jon E Cash , wikkid sounds from as early as 2001 ? / 2002 -RRB- . So , how did people appreciate the new direction of Dizzee Rascal ? Some confused , but entertained and even amazed . Some simply nodded their heads because it all was the way things go -- > FORWARD.Now there seems to be another new blockbuster of an album , this Maya girl . Well , folks , its from London ... what did you expect ?! Somemore boring `` electronica '' ?? No , this is fresh and fun . Punky and electronic . And multi-cultural just like London . Its produced by several folks who know their electronics and know beats . Infectious ? -- YES . Noisy ? Funny ? Repetative ?!?! -LRB- as one reviewer wrote alongside his/her ONE star rating -RRB- -- This is dance music !!! This ai n't repetative techno , but , HELLO ??? wake up to the world around you ... how can one call this repetative when you are buying a `` dance '' album ? Dance music is repetative beats . 4/4 even if its not 4 on the floor ... all dance is based on repetitious patterns . This stuff is toe tappin ' and alive . And tahnk gawd for that!I babbled on about my musical tastes above because its sometimes helpful to know where a reviewer is coming from . Also , its important that you know WHEN and WHERE this music is coming from . Its a multi cultural MC in London , England after 2step was big in 2000 , after grime became a style , after the whole big `` ELECTRO CLASH '' hype in NYC -LRB- and the rest of the world to some extent -RRB- which was in 2002 ? Well , the world 's been movin and now I hear WAY TOO MUCH reggaeton on the radio . The beats here on M.I.A. debut are not funny , and not noisy at all . They 're simply informed by glitchy electro sounds of grime , the bleeps that electroclash brought back to life from the 1980s , the toe tappin rhythms from Reggae , Soca , and Brazilian street music , and the MC chanting that has rippened from Reggae and given birth to female talents like Ms Dynamite , Stush , and Shystie . And to many many many Americans who have n't listened to ANY of the music I 've rambled on about , it seems to not matter -- they 're lovin ' it anyways.This CD is getting lots of people moving and smiling . Whether you see all of this as a progression of sounds , or if you are pleasantly confused , and entertained by these new solid grooves and fresh licks , this CD does do one very important thing : It does -LRB- like Mike Skinner sang ? / rapped ? in his psuedo souf London accent -RRB- `` PUSH THINGS FORWARD '' .
 i ussually like experimental music , and if it is hip hop it has to be experimental to . This fits in with experimental hip hop , because her beats are more fresh then kanye west , and are as good or a little bit better then MF Doom 's beats . And are almost as good as DJ Shadow 's . This whole album is amazing music . From the skit . Then to pull up the people , `` slang tang thats the M.I.A thang , i got the bombs to make you blow i got the beats to make you bang bang bang . '' If you ask me that song is better then the overated `` My Humps '' song by the crappy blackeyedpeas . If you are sick of normal dance hiphop and want something that you can even listening to in the car or working M.I.A is for you .
 i first heard the track bingo on the radio not long ago , and that has now opened a whole can of worms for me . how can one album be so catchy , raw , fun , fresh , chunky and funky . while so many rappers drawl on about tired blah blah , MIA just mixes the singing and ragga-ish vocals straight into the most modern type of no-category music with little effort . the style ? its kind of UK grime meets hip-hop meets calypso or something . definately a british vibe here , but this is still unique . the beats and sound effects are very well implemented into the chatting . cant stop listening to this . wicked stuff
 For me this is the record of the year . It combines a unique sound with dramatic vocal pyrotechnics . It jams and blows up at every possible point . It is much better than Ms. Dynamite and other British hiphop records . The first songs have already influenced the music of Gwen Stefani . `` Pull Up The People '' is just an amazing track . It bubbles and squeaks . `` Bucky Done Gun '' which is even better follows this . The horn sound is just mind-blowing . Her music is a mix of hiphop , reggae , calypso and pop music . It has become some original hybrid . The album ends with two more great songs
 Heard about this album from an unlikely source , from the NIN site . This is what TR has been listening to , and you have got to trust his taste . Damn was I glad ... This Is Slammin . Fresh , funky , hot sh*t . Ca n't take this album out of the car , just to clean and sweet , with the perfect amount of existential flare which is lacking in the poo poo the play on any `` clear-channel '' . Looking for a fresh change in music with new/old/hip / freaky/and a big touch of class and talent , this is it . Props to the producers for the superb mixing , exxxxcelent quality bass driven shake your booty action . Get This NOW . It will make you smile inside ...
 at first i thought mia was some lame wannabe then turns out she wasnt so im like this is this stuff right here and all my friends love her we wish we were here at times she really opened up me to new music i do have to say my fav song is hombre and fire fire
 Let me give you my music background so you know what my taste is . I love Bjork , Coldplay , Elefant , and Missy Elliot . Eclectic is my key to aural bliss . I 'm always on the lookout for quality and novelty . I hate radio bands not for the status boost that such a statement gives me , but for the tame sound of streamlined , dumbed down , marketable , sellable drivel . Coldplay is a guilty pleasure of mine , considering they have never pushed an envelope . And that someone so unique as Missy should be accepted by the mainstream is quite a feat indeed.Anyways , the title of this review is an essential factor to consider . As all things fresh and different , MIA 's music is an acquired taste . It 's a unique style of rap and a different approach to rap production , keeping things very minimal on the instrument side and keeping the stress in the vocals on delivery -LRB- she 's all about the fierce sass -RRB- . So before you make an opinion of her , listen to her several times . And make sure you 're in the mood for something that sounds like a better `` Hollaback Girl '' at first , because that 's what this attitude sounds like on the surface . Upon further inspection , though , you 'll see a seriously seductive album with real attitude and edge.There is no one like M.I.A. which is why it 's hard for people to like her . They 'll see her in the hip hop or r & b ; categories and buy her album with the uninspired mainstream artists of those genres in mind . What they 'll get is something very different.So that 's what M.I.A. is . An acquired taste . A taste that rewards - definitely something worth checking out . I love this CD .
 A DJ aquaintance of mine told me that ` Arular ' always got the crowd up and dancing , and in a way , I can see why . Central to this electronic beatfest is M.I.A 's sassy vocals , falling somewhere in between Madonna and Lene Lovich -LRB- the Neneh Cherry comparison is pretty good -RRB- all within the framework of hip-hop rhyming . There 's really no need to over-analyze the music , which is basically infectious stripped-down beats , eg , LCD Soundsystem , pulsating , raw and tribal , almost hailing back to the crushing barebones approach of early hip-hop , eg , Grandmaster Flash . Also thrown into the mix is a subtle yet ecclectic fusion of analog flash , dancehall , and world music . But basically the appeal of ` Arular ' stems from the charm and sexuality of M.I.A 's vocals , orgasmic shrieks and brassy chants , a female touch when one expects male vocals to compliment the rhythmic thunder . Here she is now , let M.I.A. entertain you .
 I first heard this at the gym and had to have it . Picked it up a few days back and I 'm just loving it . There is n't a bad track on it . The few who are dissin this need to loosen up .
 Although this album chock full of politics -LRB- which I typically feel ruins alot of mainstream music , because it is often juvenile instead of clever -RRB- , maya 's lyrics are so honest and smart that it 's hard to find that a problem ... If you can understand through her colorful slang , you 'll find that her political messages strengthen the music because they are observant rather than preachy . This album is incredibly unique and most -LRB- not all -RRB- of the tunes are very catchy . However , I gave it 5 stars because it is so inspired that it really needs to be heard - it is unlike anything I 've ever heard beforem probably because I am not usually a fan of dancehall and electronica . However , this is so fun to listen to and I think it 's because she incorporates so many different influences.All I can say is , if you are thinking about buying it , listen to a couple samples to see if you can enjoy something like this . If it 's not completely beyond you , definitely buy it . It 's just one of those albums that moves you into a different realm . m.i.a. has a more colorful history and youth than most people and here she just does something incredible with it .
 1 . M.I.A. is a Philly rapper , they are always the best , new york and L.A. are always deporting philly rappers to be on their labels .2 . I suggest this album if you like dancehall , its a lot like it , but because there is a mix of dancehall , soka , rap , and indian , its amazing . Reminds me of reggage heat 03 and 04 .
 This falls into the category of Eminem , Fatboy Slim , Basement Jaxx , Chemical Brothers ... its right up there.Specially `` One for the head Skit '' - That one has awesome beat and groove to it . I 'll be waiting and looking forward to her next album . Way to go !
 Say what you will about Arular , M.I.A. 's singularly funky debut album , but one thing you most definitely can not say is that it 's trite , unoriginal cookie-cutter mainstream . You got ta give her props on making a truly original , heartfelt , fun , and invigorating piece of art . Songs like Hombre -LRB- w / Spanish -RRB- , Bucky Down Gun -LRB- w / Sri Lankan and English slang -RRB- are impossible to categorize ... and sometimes hard to understand ... but incredibly fun and original , nonetheless . Pull Up the People and Bingo are my fav tracks as they combine M.I.A. 's sultry voice with pulse-pounding beats . Bottom line , if you have an open mind and want something new that 's invigorating , singular , and sexy , then this is it .
 I just love miserable self-loathing kids who feel appalled over something that gets hyped up as something special while going as far as writing in one star reviews under different user names . This `` I 'm so alone and I love only what is unknown because it 's so personal '' view ignoring any potential mainstream act with real talent is so ... nevermind . If you are an interested customer , I would visit the web site , www.miauk.com / and listen to a few tracks before deciding on the album . I 'm not jumping in on any `` hip '' bandwagon with this record because I can honestly say that I 'm constantly craving the beat that Maya moves too . Most dance records carry with it a short lifespan with a high burnout factor . Maya 's sexy vocal flirtations moving to offbeat beats and noises with influences ranging from her homeland Sri Lanka , Jamaica , and IDM , is essential . Many records in this hip-hop/dance catagory carry with it filler . Not with this record 'cause every song holds it 's own . Unfortunately , MIA falls in the crack between the pretentious indie snobs who snub dance as illegitimate and the preconditioned `` I only like what 's familiar to my ears '' mainstream . I really hope America is n't so conditioned that they miss the boat altogether with this project much like what they did with The Streets .
 Pretty Good , My fav track Is SUNSHOWERS , then BUCKY DONE GUN , I love the video to it
 A friend introduced me to this CD and it 's quickly become a favourite . M.I.A. 's music so catchy and so fun to dance to , yet it 's also lasting ... I 've been listening to it over and over . And I love the fact that she brings an ethnic vibe into her music .
 This is such a great cd . The music is so different from the mainstream that it is hard to describe . Her rhymes are just fun and unexpected . You ca n't help but smile and shake your booty .
 This CD is very much worth the money . MIA got mad skills and crazy beats - and you wo n't find this kind of album or artist anywhere else . Must-have for your collection .
 This album is highly ranked in the metacritics for a very good reason . It 's great ! If you want to hear fresh and new ways to mix hiphop lyrics and dance sounds you 'll love it . Do n't listen to anyone who rates this album poorly , it 's a top ten of 2005 for sure .
 This cd is awesome . . You could go through the whole cd without having to skip any songs . Im so glad I found M.I.A , she 's like a breath of fresh air . The album is very upbeat and will have you dancing all day long . The lyrics are very deep . She raps about her childhood and all of the obstacles she had to overcome . Im happy for her . . GO M.I.A !
 Ca n't be a coincidence that ` Hombre ' sounds rather like ` Milkshake ' . Think of MIA as a disenfranchised Kelis and it all starts to make sense . This is * raw * like Asian Dub Foundaion were raw when they first appeared . No , rawer than that - positively ragged in places , actually , but all the better for it . In a world populated by airbrushed , Pro-Toolsed facsimiles of passion , it 's nice to be reminded of what real indignation and real eroticism sound like on record.This should appeal to all sorts of people , from those who appreciate the not-so-subtle socio-sexual-political lyrics to those who 'll get off on the Plump DJs-meet-Neptunes-in Toytown bleeps and breaks . I have a horrible feeling MIA 's follow-up to ` Arular ' will feature lush string sections , sampled breaks and a roster of guest vocalists . I hope I 'm wrong . But either way , you should n't miss out on this .
 I Loved the CD . It was alot better than I thought it would be . I mainly bought it for Petra but I enjoyed almost every song .
 I guess Lagwagon change their style after every other album or so . The musicianship is always expert , and Joey 's lyrics are among the best out there , but _ Hoss _ , _ Let 's Talk About Feelings _ , and _ Blaze _ are albums that do not sound like their predecessors -LRB- this makes it fairly easy to guess which albums the songs on _ Let 's Talk About Leftovers _ belong to -RRB- . Well , now they 've made a small retreat from _ Blaze _ and have moved to a more straightforward song structure
 Lagwagon 's last record sorta left me wondering if i liked them anymore . It just did nothing for me . Then the next thing i know , i 'm buying this yesterday . I 'm glad i did that ! This record is great . There is an immediacy to it . While this record actually has no real standout `` singles '' the songs are direct and have something that has maybe been missing . The tribute to the life of Derrick Plourde gave this band a new life of its own . This time thier style has abandoned that `` Fat '' sound which i think is good and venturing new/old school territory without totally abandoning thier identity or forgetting who they are . This band appeared to be on the brink of a breakup with side projects and less cohesive elements/ideas . I 'm a big fan of Double Plaidnum which featured Ken Stringfellow from my favorite band , the Posies and that record had this same feeling . I 'm not giving 5 stars cause honestly , the lyrics are subpar to me . `` Drugs are n't only for dessert , do your homework first '' . Momements like that make me cringe a little . Not all that bad but Plaidnum really had some great lyrics . . and that set the standard for me . `` Feelings '' was great too . Also , i have to mention that the vocal part to Automatic reminds me of Nirvana 's Polly and the guitar part sounds like the theme to Magnum P.I. haha ... The production is better this time around and yet this record offers both the elements of piss and vinegar that maybe were lacking just a little since Plaidnum .
 As expected Lagwagon 's 7th studio album is amazing . Musically its a bit different than their previous body of work , but still has alot of the same quality 's -LRB- melody , blazing solo 's , intense musical bridges -RRB- that Lagwagon have become known for through their 15 year career . Inspired by tragic loss , and put together in just a short span of time , this record is extremely intense . Lyrically Joey Cape is at the top of his game -LRB- vastly underappreciated Song writer/lyricist in my personal opinion . -RRB- He paints a vividly painful picture throughout many of the albums 12 tracks -LRB- Virus , Contortionist , and Sad Astronaut are examples of this . -RRB- Possibly my favorite Lagwagon album yet .
 unlike most reviewers of this album so far , resolve immediately caught me as a masterpiece album . the entire album is devoted to derrick , their original drummer and close friend -LRB- though they state one album could never be enough -RRB- . most of the songs are classic lagwagon , while others seem to be a fusion of lagwagon and joey/derrick 's side-project bad astronaut . i personally love bad astronaut so the slight fusion was a awesome surprise . cape 's songwriting never lets up and the lyrics on this album are definitly the most emotionally intense words on any lagwagon album . all songs equally rock . so if you 're a lagwagon fan , buy this cd and bathe in all its glory .
 The CD will not grab you at first , its not as catchy as Lagwagon 's previous releases , but with a few listens it makes the argument for greatest Lag album ever . The flow through out the whole thing is perfect . The CD is dedicated to Derrick -LRB- the bands original drummer -RRB- and with that comes a lot of emotion , dealing a lot with reflection , moving on , and self-discovery , the lyrics here are very well crafted . I absolutly can not stop listening to this record . It 's got so much to offer . The highlights of the album for me `` Runs in the Family '' , `` The Controtionist '' and `` Days of New '' , which will most likley give you the chills if youre a die hard lagwagon fan.I truly belive that Joey Cape is one on the most incedible song writers of the past couple decades . Listen to Lagwagon along with his side project Bad Astronaut and you have the makings of a musical genious . Cant wait for the upcoming tour ! Keep making music guys !
 awesome album . like someone said , there arent really any standout singles but every song is still good . i bought this cd 2 days ago and i 've listened to it 8 times already . good stuff . buy it right now . you will not regret it . i listen to a lot of music and this is some of the best stuff i 've heard for a long time .
 A CD like this does not come along often ; it takes a special kind of inspiration to create the heartfelt lyrics that line the entire album . For Joey and the gang , this inspiration came after the tragic death of former drummer Derrick Plourde , which occured on March 30th 2005 . It took Lagwagon nearly five years after `` feelings '' to release `` Blaze '' , yet `` Resolve '' comes a mere 7 months after the incident . The result is something so emotional , yet so full of energy that it captures the very essence of what Lagwagon is all about . And I can honestly say that even though the record `` seems '' to have been done in 7 months , it does not sound rushed one bit.The entire album is a tribute much like Pennywise 's `` Full Circle '' , which happens to be another one of my favorite discs . It starts off fast in traditional Lagwagon fashion , and it never lets up . Sure , the slowed down acoustic intro of `` Sad Astronaut '' might be slightly reminiscent of a Bad Astronaut tune , but it 's only temporary . The Contortionist -LRB- my favorite track -RRB- is full of great harmonies and a neat guitar solo and bass line that I ca n't get out of my head . The final track `` Days Of New '' is a magnificent outro that mentions Derrick by name and thanks him for changing Joey and the rest of the band 's lives.I 'm not going to lie , I was slightly disappointed when I first heard the album , primarily because I was expecting something similar to `` feelings '' , but the album grew on me over time . The lyrics are outstanding , the harmonies are great , and the tunes are catchy . It 's everything you expect from Lagwagon
 Lagwagon sits high and happy in the upper echelons of punk rock royalty , flawlessly mixing razor sharp metalish riffs , stop-on-a dime tempo changes , keenly emotive vocals and a sense of humor and self-deprecation on par with the masters NOFX and The Descendents . Frontman Joey Cape has one of the most recognizable voices in punk , at times snide and bratty , other times polished , sincere and especially on the emotionally-charged track `` Resolve , '' deeply touching . Sadly , a founding member and good friend of the band , < a href = `` http://derrickplourde.com '' target = '' _ blank '' > Derrick Plourde < / a > -LRB- Ataris , Bad Astronaut -RRB- , took his own life in 2005 and his loss is this inspiration and driving force behind the entire CD . Lagwagon 's last record was solid , but nowhere near the heights they achieved on earlier efforts . It seems this tragedy had at least one positive effect
 This is a great cd . It takes a few times listening to it to start enjoying it , then it sounds like a new , but familiar lagwagon . This one was dedicated to Derrick Plourde , their original drummer that played the blistering drums on duh , trashed , and hoss . He committed suicide in 2005 . This album is very well written , even though it only took them 2 weeks to write the songs . This album is definately up there in their top 5 albums .
 Is this overstating their prowess?I realize there are so many great artists who 've recorded in the last few decades . However , there is no band that can overtake the passion and desperation for life that lagwagon manages to bring to your ears . Pure truth , life and death.I listen to Bowie , Miles Davis , Merle Haggard , Ataris , Supergrass , Ink Spots , Bobby Womack , Led Zeppelin , Harry Nilsson , etc , etc , etc. . Amazing music is not foreign to me.There is no band presently releasing tracks that surpasses the brilliance of lagwagon.Resolve is the same .
 Lets get to the point . If I were to listen the album , without any knowledge of Derrick Plourde , or the lyrical content I would of seriously overlooked the album . The music -LRB- compared to older -RRB- is so bland . The riffs are weak , the guitar work is recycled , the drums are painfully dull . The music really has no edge.But throw in the sensative underlying message in the equation -LRB- suicide -RRB- , and it truly livens up the record . TRULY . The album is 3rd right after DUH and TRASHED.NOTE
 Abby Grush is the queen of crazy , hectic , complicated , over-the-top pop . Her musical vision is like none other . From the first acoustic guitar chords to the full band , crazy horns and jews harps , wild singing , it 's a mad rollercoaster of everything the radio lacks .
 Grush 's versatility in vocals and instrumentation is really brought forth in this new album . Seeing her and her band play live is quite a treat . This CD allows the listener to get an idea of what her live performances are like . Abbey plays guitar , clarinet , accordian and a toy piano , so have fun , like I 'm sure she did recording this !
 1 - Christ Is The Answer2 - God Is Not Through Blessing You3 - Give Thanks4 - We Need Your Guidance5 - Magnify The Lord6 - God Is Working7 - When Jesus Comes8 - I 'm Returning
 I always thought that `` Approaching Armegeddon '' was a great set of lyrics . `` On a foreign runway , delayed by the rain , I look back on the last 10 years , and how my life had changed '' . Written in 1980 , this is something of an autobiographical album from Bernie . It did n't sell well at the time , because the record company tried to market it as a Pop album when Bernie himself said it was n't Pop.For me , the surprise of this album was to find out that Bernie was as good a singer as he is , at least for the kind of songs he did here.Not sure why the review claims this as his third solo album . His first solo album was a record of spoken poems , and I do n't think he had any others before this one . Several years * after * this he did `` Tribe '' , and later he also was the center of a group called `` Farm Dogs '' -LRB- who still have a web site , although it has n't been updated in years -RRB- . I managed to pick this CD up before it sold out , and the sound quality is excellent . I was glad to get it -LRB- even at a rather absurd price -RRB- , because I had pretty much worn out my vinyl version . This , and `` Last Stand in Open Country '' , are great albums .
 First bought this album when it came out on vinyl . Fantastic musical content . Taupin wrote the lyrics , of course , and also does the vocals , and not too badly . `` Born on the Fourth of July '' and `` Blitz Babies '' are the highlights , though there are no bad tracks . Dennis Tuffano , formerly of The Buckinghams , provides the music in splendid fashion . Apparently Alice Cooper offered to do the music , but Taupin was wise enough to go with Tuffano . Taupin did provide the lyrics for Alice Cooper 's `` From the Inside , '' which has some very good tracks on the first side of the LP , and `` Wish I Were Born in Beverly Hills '' on side two . Anyone who bought LP 's will understand what `` side one '' and `` side two '' means . Kids wo n't . ; - -RRB- Taupin 's trauma , anger , and to some degree , whining , over his divorce is obvious on `` Lover 's Cross , '' my least favorite track on the LP . Same theme on `` Love , the Barren Desert , '' but with Elton John 's backing vocals , and , again , the excellent music , make it a superior track . The superb electric guitar work , esp . on `` Blitz Babies '' & `` Born on the Fourth of July , '' make the album / CD worth the cost . My personal favorite is `` Approaching Armageddon . '' It 's Taupin 's mini-autobiography . Overall , I strongly recommend this collection to anyone who wants an inside look at the lyricist who stands at the peak of the 70 's `` Classic Rock '' glory days .
 Be sure , this is a nice CD from long years ago ... but especially for elton john fans
 If you enjoy John/Taupin songs , then this cd or album is for you . Taupin delivers not only superb lyrics , but his voice defines each song as it should be . '' Venezuela '' is a great song.In this song I can not only feel the waves , but I can smell the sea air and fresh caught fish a well . Buy it , enjoy it , love it !
 This is Bernie Taupin 's second solo album and it is excellent.From the rockers Born on the fourth of July to his smooth ballads Venezuela and Love -LRB- the barren desert -RRB- . This is a great album for anyone who has followed Elton and Bernie 's career .
 Bernie is one of the best lyricists out there !!! His vocal performance on this cd and `` Tribe '' show that he is not just a lyric writer , but also someone who loves music . His passion for music has continued on to the formation of the band `` Farmdogs '' . I have a question , however . The previous reviews state that this is either Bernie 's second or third solo album . What were his first attempts?Please let me know at
 As a 27 year old man from the UK , I was stunned by how this record took me back to bike rides along the beach in a simpler time -LRB- which was quite frankly , before my time -RRB- . I love it and hope you do too.Thanks , OC .
 If you like Math Rock/Instrumental Indie Rock i.e
 This is the easiest listening album I 've heard in years . If you like the 60 's or 70 's , this is the best of both worlds . Highly recommend !
 Nightwish is one of the most talented bands I 've ever listened to . They 're definitely doing something different , but the result is fantastic . Tarja 's vocals are unbelievable . I was a bit skeptical about the ideal of an operatic , female singer , but she has a beautiful voice , and I ca n't imagine Nightwish without her . `` Wishmaster '' is one of the best albums I 've heard in a while . My favorite tracks are Come Cover Me -LRB- love the way it kicks in -RRB- , Wanderlust , Wishmaster , and She Is My Sin . The whole album is great though , and it provides a nice change of pace , from the kicking guitar riffs of Come Cover Me , to the more melodic Dead Boy 's Poem , and Tuomas 's great keyboard work in The Kinslayer . An excellent buy for any metal lover .
 This cd is without a doubt the best cd I 've ever bought onAmazon.com . It 's such a shame that someone could make such empty anduneducated attacks at this music . Nightwish is amazing because it ` sdifferent , it 's experimental , it 's gothic , it 's heavy , it 's loud , epic , hauntingly ethereal , atmospheric , and beautiful . If you do n'tbeleive me , listen to some samples online !!! Do n't rule out Nightwishbecause of one bad reveiw . This cd and this band have a lot to offer!The best songs on the disc are
 Oh , Wishmaster . A Nightwish classic . Long before the days of Marco Hietala , full orchestral accompaniment , Anette Olzon and the more operatic days of Tarja 's career , there was Wishmaster - a more rock-metal approach -LRB- with a hint of pop appeal -RRB- with heavy guitars and ear-splitting classic opera vocals . Following closely on the heels of Nightwish 's highly popular Oceanborn , Wishmaster was big step in the band 's evolution , featuring a heavier sound with catchy melodies and hooks , Wishmaster still stands as a unique piece of Nightwish 's musical library.Without a doubt , title track `` Wishmaster '' is the stand-out song . With its catchy melody , amazing vocal work and epic guitar riffs , Wishmaster is a classic that continues to enchant fans . I also enjoy the beautiful vocal melodies and atmospheric feel of `` Deep Silent Complete , '' with Tarja 's sweeping vocals and mesemerizing lyrics . Other favorites include `` Come Cover Me '' and `` Crownless . `` Some interesting songs of note on this album are `` Dead Boy 's Poem , '' `` She is My Sin '' and `` FantasMic . '' `` Dead Boy 's Poem '' served as the introduction of the dead boy character , who has been a reoccuring Nightwish character/theme throughout their career . `` She is My Sin '' has often been seen as a personal song by Tumos that explores the consequences of sexuality . Then , `` FantasMic , '' which was never a highly popular song , even at live shows , but it 's filled with references to Disney movies and characters , song think like Kingdom Hearts - the song.Wishmaster is not to be missed for any Nightwish fan .
 She is my Sin - good track to start out the album with . hard and attention-catching . The Kinslayer - the song thatm akes me emotional . it 's tarja 's voice duing the dialougue section that is so hard to hear wihout getting choked up.Come Cover Me - easily my favorite out of those first three . full and moody , calming it down after the first two . the `` with me , with you '' part and after that stands out the most in my mind.Wanderlust - in all honesty , i have onlyu listened to it all the way through once . it 's a good song but hard for me to get in to.Two for Tragedy - lyrically , one of my favorites . emppu 's solo towards the middle is perfect.Wishmaster - going from thet booming chorus into the `` elbereth , lothlorien '' part with eerie , dramatic vocals.Bare Grace Misery - once aganin , eerie . the sigh before `` romantic scent '' really sets a mood.Crownless - fastest on the album . not my favorite but still great.Deep Silent Complete - hard to explain , but well worth listening to . a tribute to the ocean.Dead Boy 's Poem - at six minutes manages to not outstay its welcome . starts out with just tarja 's gorgeous voice in virtual silence.FantasMic - a tribute to disney fantasy . goes from one sound to another flawlessly .
 While I totally respect what they 've done over the last several years , evolving into a world-class act of symphony and rock , these early albums are severly underrated . Tunes such as `` Kinslayer '' and `` Crownless '' are metal masterpieces , and the dark , lovely `` Dead Silent Complete '' sounds sort of like a metal version of Enya.If you enjoy complex , old school metal and an apprceiation for opera -- then this album is a must-have .
 I have to start out by saying that I am pretty damn stunned by the some of the IMMATURE low ratings this cd got . First off , it 's amazing how once can say they are an opera expert and say Tarja 's voice is mediocre . I have plenty of family members who grew up listening to opera and I can not name one that EVER said her voice to be bad or mediocre . Second , I was stunned when I read the one review of this kid saying Nirvana and Disturbed are better than Nightwish . What the hell ? They are n't even technically in the same genre . So that being said below are my actual thoughts.She Is My Sin - 10/10 One of my favorite songs on here . It is really catchy and can get stuck in your head for days.The Kinslayer - 9/10 This is a really good song , but not something that you will remember being the most memorable.Come Cover Me - 8/10 It is a nice songs , but once again nothing too memorable.Wanderlust - 9/10 This one is a more fast paced song which I really like about it.Two for tragedy - 9/10 This song is slow and beautiful.Wishmaster - 10/10 One of the best songs on here . Faster paced and you will definitely remember it.Bare Grace Misery - 8/10 This song was okay , not my favorite because I actually do n't like the chorus part.Crownless - 8/10 Another okay song/Deep Silent Complete - 10/10 This is one of the best tracks in my opinion . It is absolutely one of the most beautiful pieces on here . It is one of their slower songs , but still done in a way it does n't put you to sleep.Dead Boy 's POem - 10/10 This actually sounds long when you listen to it , but it is n't . The chorus is memorable and the whole song is just really pretty.Fantasmic - 9/10 Okay song , but does n't stand out very much.So there are my thoughts . I 'm rating the songs as I feel they are . I do n't really want to rant on and on about how great they are , because well they are and that 's why it got a 5 from me . I am pretty darn picky when it comes to buying cds .
 I heard Nightwish 's `` Once '' before I heard `` Wishmaster , '' and even though `` Once '' is supposedly their breakthrough album , I enjoyed this one more.Some things worth noting
 My intro to nightwish was the Once album . I was blown away and wanted to hear more from them so I bought Oceanborn and Wishmaster . From what I heard and read these 3 albums are their best . I am not disappointed in the least . All 3 of these albums are definitely worth buying if you like the operatic metal style . Tarja Turunen 's voice soars . Thank you Nightwish , for making some kick a ** beautiful music !
 I did n't like this album at first listen . It just did n't click with me . I 'm not really sure why - I was a fan of 1998 's Oceanborn after first listen . While this album maintained a similar sound to that classic , the songwriting just did n't seem as consistent.Of course , my opinion of Wishmaster has greatly changed since then . Although I still prefer Oceanborn , this follow-up is more diverse - expanding upon Tarja Turunen 's range and offering a glimpse of her less operatic vocals that would be featured more on later albums Century Child and Once . This comes in right during the verses of track 1 , `` She Is My Sin '' , which is probably one of the best of Nightwish 's heavier tracks . It 's a song that you would have expected to be a single , despite the odd fact that it was n't . This is followed by one of Nightwish 's most lyrically controversial tracks , `` The Kinslayer '' , the song written in memory of the Columbine victims . I think this was conceptually a great song -LRB- much better written than Marilyn Manson 's `` The Fight Song '' -RRB- , but it seems so dull and uninspired that I ca n't comprehend why they would put this on an album , let alone make it the second track . The guitar/vocal mix is at its worst , as mysanthropyk_overlord mentioned before , and the vocal lines are so boring - there 's just very little to enjoy . `` Come Cover Me '' is a pleasant surprise - a beautiful half-ballad with sweet -LRB- if rather erotic -RRB- lyrics and a catchy chorus . Nothing to blow you away , but a decent listen . Track 4 , in my opinion , is the highlight -LRB- along with track # 8 -RRB- of Wishmaster . `` Wanderlust '' is just musical perfection - Nightwish doing what they do best and yet raising the bar for all the competitors . If every track were as good as this headbanger -LRB- which unfortunately has stirred up comparisons to the not-quite-as-good `` Gethsemane '' from Oceanborn -RRB- , then you would have quite a devil of an album on your hands . There are some ballads on here , such as `` Two for Tragedy '' or `` Bare Grace Misery '' that seem pretty weak , particularly the latter . These sandwich track # 6 , Wishmaster 's trophy of a title track . It 's no surprise that this song is a fan -LRB- as well as a live -RRB- favorite - one of the most driving , powerful songs this band has written . Also of mention here is the aforementioned `` Crownless '' - the second contender in my Top 2 picks of Wishmaster . This song may seem a tad short , but the blazing guitars , galloping drums and beautiful chorus just scream superiority . A song not to be overlooked . Next we have the single , `` Deep Silent Complete '' , bearing slight resemblance to `` Sleeping Sun '' and was oddly chosen as Wishmaster 's only single . It 's a very beautiful song that Nightwish ballads typically tend to be , and although no Wishmaster ballad can rival any of the Oceanborn or even Century Child ballads , it remains a nice snack to the ears . The haunting `` Dead Boy 's Poem '' follows , one of the longer tracks of the album - and probably my 3rd or 4th choice as favorite . It integrates some spoken text from Sam Hardwick -LRB- who I believe reappears on Century Child -RRB- as well as some deep but rather depressing lyrics . Wishmaster is rounded out by the epic `` FantasMic '' , which contains references to many Disney films , including the Lion King , Beauty and the Beast , and Sleeping Beauty among others . This may take several listens to truly appreciate , but is by far one of Nightwish 's most interesting songs , both in terms of lyrics and song structures.This may not be Nightwish 's crowning achievement in my opinion , but is definitely an essential for fans of the band as well as newcomers and symphonic metal purists . There 's definitely enough variety here to be enjoyed by everybody . Whatever your wish may be , the Wishmaster will surely grant it .8.5 / 10
 This cd is incredible . It ranks upn there with my favorite Nightwish cd . Not to say that some Nightwishcds ar n't as good as the others is insane . Every Nightwish cd is amazing . The thing that caused me to like Nightwish so much was that Tarja is a very powerful vocalist , I also like operatic power metal . All on one cd you get powerful songs like `` Wishmaster '' and `` The Kinslayer '' . Then you get the very melodic `` Dead Boy 's Poem '' that is so beautiful it wiil give you the chills listining to it . Then you get the uterly amazing `` FantasMic '' . Nightwish is the dream symphonic operatic power meatl band , that is amazing in every way . Nightwish has five other cds if your interested . The names are
 I ca n't describe in words what I feel about this band . They 're melodies are so fantastic and I feel something else when i am listening to them . From the first moment I was enchanted with this music , with the vocals of Tarja Turunan , which is for me the best vocalist , and I am very upset that she 's not part of the band anymore . at least the music left with us , forever .
 The best album in the galaxySymphony , Melo and powerish at times .
 After Oceanborn , i bought once and angels fall first ... both not what i expected -LRB- read my reviews to understand more -RRB- . Wishmaster is pure greatness , and also different from oceanborn.believe me when i say that all the songs on this album are great . . These are the songs that really stood out for me . .1 . She Is My Sin2 . Kinslayer3 . Come Cover Me4 . Wanderlust6 . Wishmaster7 . Bare Grace Misery8 . Crownless9 . Deep Silent CompleteFanTasmic is great too but too long . . if you have oceanborn , go buy this album now !!
 This cd has a sound similar `` Oceanborn '' . A power voice , a really good gothic melody ... If you like it you will LOVE this one .
 At first , I did n't really get into this one , but the more you listen to it , the more it grows on you . I 've since played it so much , I think I 'm starting to wear both the cd , and my cd player out . : -RRB-
 I have been a fan of Nightwish ever since I was first introduced to the amazing world of gothic rock/operatic rock music through Evanescence -LRB- if you like this band , then you may like this band -RRB- . The first album of theirs I bought was their greatest hits album , &#34; Highest Hopes &#34; . I have since been adding their previous albums to my ever-growing collection of gothic rock CD 's . I am faithful to the Tarja days ... not the newer singer . I believe &#34; Wishmaster &#34; is a good album and is an essential addition for fans of Nightwish , as well as the albums &#34; Once &#34; , &#34; Oceanborn &#34; and &#34; Century Child &#34; . I do love all of the songs from &#34; Wishmaster &#34; that are also found on &#34; Highest Hopes &#34; . I can listen to this album straight through without skipping any songs . To me , however , &#34; Once &#34; is the &#34; Holy Grail &#34; of all the Nightwish albums , which would earn five stars ... 5.5 if it was possible .
 I am buy each Nightwish album in order of release , so this is the third Nightwish album I have bought . While the first CD is my favorite , I have not issue listening to the whole album at one sitting . If you like Nightwish you enjoy this album .
 Nightwish 's first album featured in 2000 and is still an amazing symphonic metal album created within the first decade of 2000s . It is certainly more touching and astonishing in both of its tone and lyrics . It has a very sophisticated writing texture . Be sure to check it out .
 This is arguably one of Nightwish 's greatest albums released in the early 2000s . It contains so much progressive sound signature that allows listeners to identify their unique riffs and vocals . Definitely worth it to collect this album for its value and amazing quality on a record player .
 This album I feel is Nightwish 's best album to date . Full of true emotion and feeling . with blazing Guitars and Keyboards this album is a notch above the rest . If you love Melodic Metal this is the album to get along with any other Nightwish album .
 My first Nightwish CD was `` Once '' and I absolutely loved it . I quickly ran out to the store to by `` Century Child '' and though it was good , it did n't match up to `` Once '' for me . When I finally decided to buy `` Wishmaster '' , I was not dissappointed in the least.She is my Sin - 4.5 / 5
 I dont know how you can say this cd is overated , it is underated if anything . This is brilliant group of musicians , who all have talent on their insturments that really shines through and compliments the group as a whole . This cd overall is awesome , not a bad track from start to finish . My favorite part about this cd -LRB- being a guitar player -RRB- is the guitar solos , this guy really knows how to craft the perfect solo to compliment the track , unlike most metal guitarists who just try to play as fast as they can and end up killing the mood of the track . If your looking for a truly awesome melodic/power/prog metal experience look no further . \ m /
 This album is Nightwish 's third , following Angels Fall First and Oceanborn . This album seems to feature the keyboards more , which is very nice . Also , there are very few male vocals-Ike Vil is the kinslayer in ` The Kinslayer ' , and Sam Hardwick plays the Dead Boy in ` Dead Boy 's Poem ' .1 . She Is My Sin-This is a wonderful opener . The bridge is my favourite part . I love the metaphor they use in the song , if you choose to acknowledge the other meaing ` In the meadow of sinful thoughts , every flower 's a perfect one . ' Brilliant song and excellent vocals .2 . The Kinslayer-This is a song dedicated to the Columbine shooting . It 's a very fast-paced song . The dialogue between Tarja and Ike Vil is amazing , and I adore how they put the quote ` Good wombs hath borne bad sons . ' 3 . Come Cover Me-This has a very slow introduction but then gets faster . The bridge is probably the best part . The song is very interesting and intriguing . It has a hint of desperation in it , but it 's a wonderful song all the same .4 . Wanderlust-This song has a very fast opening-Tuomas is very skilled on the keyboards . The song is , of course , about wanting to travel and see all of the different sites . The concept sounds boring , the song , however , is not .5 . Two For Tragedy - Maybe I just do n't like ballads , or something . I do n't know . I just do n't like this song that much . Tarja 's vocals are n't bad at all , but the pacing of the song was not done that well . The flute is very pretty though .6 . Wishmaster-The title track . It immediately opens up with the choir-they do this on ` End Of All Hope ' on their album Century Child . This song is also a bit of a letdown , but it 's the first Nightwish song off of ` Wishmaster ' that I really got into .7 . Bare Grace Misery-After the two songs that were not that good , Bare Grace Misery puts the album back on track . It ' a a very haunting song , the lyrics are done in an excellent way . It 's a very hard song to describe , but it 's very good .8 . Crownless-Many people love this song , but for some reason I never really got pulled into it . It 's not really a bad song , it 's just rather difficult to follow .9 . Deep Silent Complete-This is a slower song , but it 's done well . The way the song flows is similae to The Kinslayer , although the two songs are entirely different . I think this is possibly the best song on the album-Tarja 's vocals sound flawless .10 . A very interesting song . It 's nearly seven minutes long-it gets a bit tedious at the end . The song is very sad-it is , actually , a dead boy 's poem . I think the chorus is very well done , though
 Ah ... the return of big , lush rock -- with a gothy kind of twist . Nightwish produce that BIG sound that other bands can only dream of . Ultra-powerful vocals , lush arrangements , great keyboards , excellent guitar work -- they do n't make many like this anymore.The star of the band of course is vocalist Tarja -- a trained opera singer with a voice that grabs you by the front of the shirt and drags you in . The first time that I heard Nightwish , I was a little put off by Tarja 's style -- but after a few more tries , I had to admit that I was hooked . I think it was `` Come Cover Me '' from Wishmaster that did me in . It 's still one of my favorite tracks on this album . Her voice soars and croons perfectly with the classically-inspired music.But as much as Tarja is the focal point , the true unsung hero is keyboardist Tuomas Holopanien -- the mastermind behind the music . Although I 'm not familiar with his musical backgound , I bet the big bucks that he too is classically trained . The music weaves and soars just like an opera or a symphony . The man kicks serious keyboard booty on `` Wishmaster '' and `` Crownless , '' a heavily opera-influenced tune if ever there was one . Not to be left out , the rest of the band is top-notch too . I 'm a throw back to the days of the butt-kicking guitar solo -- it 's one of the many things that I find lacking in this day of `` nu metal . '' But not to worry friends , solos and hot guitar work abound . Yipee!Some of my favorite tracks
 Nightwish 's third album continues the same lines as Angels Fall First and Oceanborn but you can see that Nightwish 's music is even better in this album ! `` She is My Sin '' is just like it would be from Oceanborn . Good heavy metal music ! But `` The Kinslayer '' is something that even words ca n't describe ... It 's wonderful music ! Tarja sings so powerfully . Many people I know does n't like Nightwish but almost every of them still likes `` Wanderlust '' . And why would n't they ? `` Wanderlust '' has got powerfull and at the same time classical music . Lyrics are great -LRB- Tuomas Holopainen is a genius -RRB- ! `` Two for Tragedy '' is very sensitive and sad song , but it 's too much like `` Sleeping Sun '' I think . `` Wishmaster '' and `` Crownless '' are something new and great . They are the sure-hits of this album , yes ! `` Deep Silent Complete '' is one of the greatest songs of the album but the biggest is coming after it ... Dead Boy 's Poem is just like from the opera . Breath-taking music , sad lyrics are Tarja is singing so powerfully and beautifully . I hope that this will be the next single of this album . FantasMic is great song , it 's new and great ! I ca n't describe it more . This album was great and I hope that Nightwish will be soon the most popular band in this world because it deserves it !
 Out of all the band I like none of them have ever touched me like Nightwish . There is just something about them . Be it Tarja 's singing . Toumas writing the music . Emppus on Guitar . Jukka 's drum playing . Or Marco 's singing -LRB- in this case though he is not part of Wishmaster -RRB- Sami playing here . Which he is a very good bass player . But I like Marco better.Nightwish just brings so many thing to there music . Know on to the songs .1 . She Is My Sin - Great start to the CD very fast and heavy ***** 2 . Kinslayer - This is about what have in 1999 in ColO. . Very fast and heavy . Great use of the male voice . ***** 3 . Come Cover Me - I like how this one starts off slow then get 's really heavy . ***** 4 . Wanderlust - I love ever thing in this song Tarja 's singing , the guiter , keyboards , drums , bass . I listen to this song a lot . ***** 5 . Two for Tragedy - A good slow song . I guess that 's what you coudl call it . Good but not great . *** 6 . Wishmaster - Fantasy metal rules . :-RRB- ***** 7 . Bare Grace Misery - Start off a little slow then really picks up . **** 8 . Crownless - Very fast very heavy it 's all must like hearing speed metal . ***** 9 . Deep Silent Complete - Again starts of slow , get 's heavy but not really heavy and is very deep . ***** 10 . Dead Boy 's Poem - Not my fav song on the CD . But still it is good to listen to from time to time . *** 11 . Fantasmic - Best song on the whole CD . Starts off heavy , then becomes slow . Then it goes right back into being heavy and fast . I mean really fast and heavy . ***** All around great CD . Some may not like it . But I do n't really care what they think any ways .
 This is definitely de second best album of the band -LRB- after Oceanborn -RRB- . The tracks that I like the most are
 Another one of my fav bands . Really , if you 're following my reviews , you really can see the broad taste of music that I have . This one might be a kinda `` Huh ? What ? '' Because I know for sure , the genre this music is in , is n't a popular one ... like , you know , mainstream over here in the states.But anyway , Wishmaster . My favorite album by them , so far . I do n't own them all . * chuckle * But anyway , this album kind of tells a story about the Wishmaster , in a couple of different aspects . Bad ones and good ones.My favorite song on the album has to be Wishmaster . Explosive , awesome riffs , and if you can put your whole into it , you can sing along to it , which feels awesome ! Turn up the stereo on this WHOLE CD , because this music is made to be listened to LOUD . That 's what power metal is all about . Even though , I do n't think I can lump Nightwish in with power metal sometimes . It just does n't fit them .
 When i listened to this CD i was so amazed that I had never heard music this good . Tarja'a vocals reach out and grab you and do n't let go . She has to be the best female vocalist in the rock world today WOW !!!! Then there is the guitar mastery of Emppu here again an underrated talent . The rest of the members fit in perfectly and again WOW !!! I would recommend this cd to anyone one and i have been and people are ordering it . When i play it for my friends they too are amazed at the strength and power and melodic sound of Nightwish . They can go from heavy heavy metal to a perfect melodic ballad so quick and it all fits so perfectly . I just wish they would find their way into mainstream US music culture , what a shock it would be for them . This has to be the best CD in my collection . There is not a bad track on this CD they are all equal in strength and power and in holding your attention , my recommendation to all listeners of this type metal , BUY IT NOW AND BUY ALL NIGHTWISH YOU CAN FIND !!!!!
 Nightwish is a rather interesting take on metal these days , the band sounds like many other metal bands -LRB- especially Sentenced -RRB- . This statement holds true up until you hear the amazing vocalist . Unlike most metal bands , the vocalist is a female opera singer with a beautiful voice that is simply breath taking . The album starts strong , with the powerful track , `` The Kinslayer , '' which is heavier than many other tracks on the CD , but at one point , almost seems to contain a classic struggle between good and evil . The title track is also very powerful , with great vocals pertaining to arcane lore . The final track , `` FantasMic '' is where the album truly shines . While starting off at an even pace , the tempo first slows down to a solemn crawl , only to start picking back up with an amazing flute solo , and to finish off with a heart-pumping finale . This is truly a great CD , that every metal fan should own . For more epic music , try Nightwish 's other album , `` Oceanborn . ''
 What better way to describe Nightwish 's music ? Okay , so language-wise , the Finns are n't the best , but with the kind of music they perform , I for one can overlook that.Tarja 's lovely soprano clashes in a fine way with the heavy rock tunes , and carries alone the low-tempo songs . With great guitar-work , and Tuomas 's excellent keyboards , as well , five stars is the only way to grade this work .
 The only way to describe this music is epic . The steady beat and smooth flute solos appeal to a broad range of music fans . At one point I let my friend listen to one song for a bit and he swore he would go buy the CD as soon as possible.A very cool characteristic of the music is how even if the song starts slow and light it might end up being quite solid towards the end , be prepared to be surprised.The variety of the music is excellent , unlike some other CD 's I could name . My personal favorite is Wanderlust but there are many other titles that appeal just as much . Come Cover Me has a soft rock , light melody for a beginning and ends with the same style but an added underlayer of rythm . The chords are such in the CD that the operatic vocals blend in with the Epic style.My friend Herlequin 's favorite song is Kinslayer . # 2 on the Cd ... I think this appeals to him because of the male vocals underscoring the lead towards the middle of the song.A lot of the lyrics of this CD actually make sense , requiring knowledge about life other than drugs and alcohol . Unlike some of the metalishy techno rock mumble * stuff * that has been popular lately.Yeah ... Listen to the bits of songs for sample . They show the characteristics of each song . -LRB- If you can access them -RRB-
 This is a great cd . This is not your everyday heavy metal cd . The vocals are done in opera style . I must say Tarja has a beautiful voice . Her voice can give me goosebumps , that 's how good she is . Besides her , the rest of the band can play pretty good . There 's some pretty good riffs on this album . do yourself a favor and buy this cd !
 When I purchased this cd I had already listened to some songs on it and I liked them very much , so I bought the cd thinking that those were going to be the only ones on the cd that were good BUT when I bought the cd I could not belive how good each and every song was on the cd . Now I am one that likes bands like Cradle of Filth , Children of Bodom , Blind Guardian , Dark Tranquility , Iced Earth , Helloween , Iron Maiden , and let me tell you this cd is one of the best Ive heard and if you like good metal with good melody in it then this is most deffinitely a must have in your collection cd !!!!
 Excellent album - well written heavy metal with great melodies , a lot of keyboards and beautiful operatic female vocal . It may take second time to start fully appreciate the music though . Pretty much all songs are great , but the second half of the disc is really awesome , starting with title song . If you 've heard Oceanborn than you know what to expect . If you have n't heard , then go and get it . Highly recommend !
 There are now countless Symphonic/Metal bands in this over-crowded genre ... these guys are the best . Great tunes , great musicians , and a stunning female vocalist .
 I bought this album because I got into bands like Theatre of Tragedy , Tristania , and The Gathering . Like someone else said , however , Nightwish is not doom/goth metal . Was I dissapointed ? ... no ! This album is a masterpiece , pure metal all the way . Power metal with a female opera singer ? I ca n't think of two things which go together any better . It is a wonder that it has n't been done before . The songwriting is very good , and definitely laden with fantasy . The production is excellent as well . Then there is the amazing singer . I was captivated after hearing her for a mere ten seconds . Nightwish is one band that SHOULD NOT be overlooked !
 I 've never heard such amazing vocals in all my life ! Yes i 've heard opera before but opera 's nothing compared with Tarja . If you think you 're cool and ` hard ' do n't get this album though . There have been a few people reviewing who do n't like this album , that 's because they probably do n't enjoy this genre . You really need to appreciate classic female vocals , not that crap Avril Lavigne stuff where the girls all strive to sound like guys .
 This seriously is the best band ever . I do n't know about this CD because I have n't bought it yet , but I am buying it today . And I KNOW it will be worth the five stars I voted it today ! THEY ARE AWESOME ! Wonderful lyrics . Great vocals . Awesome beat . They are an original band with an original sound and I ca n't get enough of them!I ca n't listen to any of the old crap I used to listen to now that I know what real music is -- And this is it !
 I am not one who usually ventures into the realm of gothrock , but a friend of mine told me about this band and I just had to listen to them . I checked out a few of their MP3 files on their website and I was hooked by their sound . I will say that I do n't much like the gruntspeech in a couple of the songs , but the rest is top notch . The lead singer and drummer are superb and the rest of the band is equally strong.In short , if you like fast paced energetic music - this CD is for you . It will flat out get you up and movin .
 Too often , vocalists are labeled as operatic . A great lung capacity , a broad range , and vibrato on every syllable are qualities found in many metal singers . But Tarja Turunen 's vocals are operatic in every sense.I enjoyed their debut CD `` Angels Fall First '' , but it was a little awkward . `` Oceanborn '' showed improvement both musically and vocally . I love the Tarja & Wilska duets `` Devil & the Deep Dark Ocean '' and `` The Pharaoh Sails to Orion '' . `` Wishmaster '' is everything I 'd hoped this band would evolve into . A 5 piece choir fills out the the power of Nightwish 's unique sound . Tuomas ' keyboards are as outstanding as Tarja 's singing . The guitars are soaring . The rhythm section is tight . My favorite song here is the title track , it has one of the most powerful choruses I 've ever listened to . If you 've never heard Nightwish ; `` Wishmaster '' is the album to start with .
 One of the best records i ever heard ! the combination of Terja 's voice and the Rock music is great !!
 This band just keeps getting better & better ; beginning with Abgels Fall First & Oceanborn & now , finally Wishmaster . Tarja Turunen is as poweful a vocal presence as I 've ever heard , & the band behind her -LRB- lead by keyboardist/synth Tuomas Holopainen -RRB- counters her style with an amazing blend of clean , crisp rythms & solid powerful ` crunch ' . Tracks
 It 's a great CD , sentimental to progressive metal , Nightwish know the difference and it try to do some variation from song to song . Every song have many things to keep this solid song . Specialy Dead Boys Poem and Wishmaster , 2 very excellent sont , and 2 song in the best that this band have ever do , after Pharon sail to orion ... Great Cd and if you have the chance to see Nightwish in show , gogogogogogogogogo it 's a great great band ...
 Insert the CD and listen to the first track . This is everything Nightwish is known for . Any fan will love this album
 This is Nightwish 's third studio release . Wishmaster is an amazing piece of work that blends beatiful symphonic metal with intense opera-like vocals from lead singer Tarja . Nightwish are a ray of light in the often dark genre of heavy metal.Wishmaster starts off strong with the opener , She is my Sin . Every time I play this cd , I always make sure to CRANK this song ! It sounds great I just love the chorus . The Kinslayer and Come Cover Me are beautiful heavy pieces that are always fun to listen to . The title track is a slow ballad , but sounds very nice . One of my favorite songs on the album is Dead Boy 's Poem . This has one of the most intense and chilling guitar solos that Nightwish has ever done . The keyboards and vocals are ethereal . In the last track , Fantasmic , there is the coolest flute duet ! It gives me chills every time I hear it.In my opinion , this is my favorite album by Nightwish after listening to Oceanborn , Century Child , and the new album , Once . I have seen Nightwish live on their ` Once ' tour , and they played the songs Dead Boys Poem , Come Cover Me , and She is my Sin . Seeing them play was a beautiful experience and I recommend all their albums !! Nightwish RULE !
 Being their third full release , Nightwish still sounded pretty good in `` Wishmaster . '' Tarja still presented breath-taking vocals , although Nightwish as a band had reached their peak with `` Oceanborn . `` This album was also a little more lighter than Oceanborn , with their heaviest tracks -LRB- if they can even be called that -RRB- being `` She is My Sin '' , `` The Kinslayer '' , and `` Wishmaster . '' They stayed with their gothic metal/operatic power metal style in this album and never tried anything new.Probably around midway through this CD , some of the songs became somewhat repetitive and dull in sound , with Tarja 's voice being the only element keeping the album alive . I recommend purchasing `` Angels Fall First '' or `` Oceanborn '' before getting `` Wishmaster . ''
 Oh , Wishmaster . A Nightwish classic . Long before the days of Marco Hietala , full orchestral accompaniment , Anette Olzon and the more operatic days of Tarja 's career , there was Wishmaster - a more rock-metal approach -LRB- with a hint of pop appeal -RRB- with heavy guitars and ear-splitting classic opera vocals . Following closely on the heels of Nightwish 's highly popular Oceanborn , Wishmaster was big step in the band 's evolution , featuring a heavier sound with catchy melodies and hooks , Wishmaster still stands as a unique piece of Nightwish 's musical library.Without a doubt , title track `` Wishmaster '' is the stand-out song . With its catchy melody , amazing vocal work and epic guitar riffs , Wishmaster is a classic that continues to enchant fans . I also enjoy the beautiful vocal melodies and atmospheric feel of `` Deep Silent Complete , '' with Tarja 's sweeping vocals and mesemerizing lyrics . Other favorites include `` Come Cover Me '' and `` Crownless . `` Some interesting songs of note on this album are `` Dead Boy 's Poem , '' `` She is My Sin '' and `` FantasMic . '' `` Dead Boy 's Poem '' served as the introduction of the dead boy character , who has been a reoccuring Nightwish character/theme throughout their career . `` She is My Sin '' has often been seen as a personal song by Tumos that explores the consequences of sexuality . Then , `` FantasMic , '' which was never a highly popular song , even at live shows , but it 's filled with references to Disney movies and characters , song think like Kingdom Hearts - the song.Wishmaster is not to be missed for any Nightwish fan .
 Good CD , the stories are engaging , the singing and music very very good . Its a bit on the dark side but I recommend it none the less .
 Great . Great . If you are interested in beautifully sung , choir backed , fairly soft to very hard driving , multi-layered , very well played music of a little bit goth , little bit classical , little bit metal , all blended fantastically well and very well recorded please give this a try . The album `` Once '' is equally great . `` Angel 's fall first '' however , suck 's . How that last one happened I do not know because the first two are truly outstanding . Anyway , Nightwish is definately worth a serious listen . Sorry to anyone that likes `` Angels -- '' ; to each their own . Also try Within Temptation . Incredible band , similar style .
 It 's all good . This album suffers from a common problem among metal albums in that almost all the songs sound very similar , but in this case it just does n't matter because it 's all enjoyable . From the haunting vocals to the masterful pacing of the instrumentals , every song on here is actually fairly inspiring to listen to , clich&eacute; as those descriptions sound . Definitely worth a buy .
 Tarja never fails to astonish and the musical is just as clever and unique as ever . Rock on !
 Wishmaster is a fantastic album , that should grace everyone 's music collection . Innovating and always refreshing . Truly a masterpiece .
 Just buy it ... You have never heard anything like it and you will never anywhere else.Nightwish is amazing and will soon be all over the states ... Catch it now and be ready for the tour ! Love these albums ... found them on Youtube and I bought all the albums and the concert dvd !
 After developing there sound on Oceanborn , Nightwish returned from touring to record there third album Wishmaster . When looked at individually , the songs are all strong . They tend to get a bit repetative thow when it comes to the flow of the album -LRB- Crownless and Wanderlust -RRB- -LRB- Come Cover Me , Two For Tragedy . -RRB- If your a Nightwish fan you obviously need to own this album . If you want to check Nightwish out this is probably a good place to start .
 I 've had this CD for over 2 years now and I 'm still listening to it . I admit that it took a few listens to get used to the opera-influenced vocals , but after a little bit , I was hooked on this band . The music is very melodic with lots of catchy guitar solos ... all around great female-fronted metal . I highly suggest this album ... its the best !
 NIGHTWISH RULES , it 's amazing and fantastic mixture between the opera style and heavy metal , the band create beautiful melodies like no one other , there are many opera/metal bands but no one like NIGHTWISH , also they gain a big success in a short time , this album save the heavy metal music from falling down , especially when you listen to the recent american bands you thought the heavy metal is dead , but with bands like NIGHTWISH heavy metal never dies .
 Nightwish Rules ! The Music is spine tingling and melodic while powerful . Everything I thought I knew About Music has changed forever . As a long Time fan of Savatage , and other prog-metal bands . . Nightwish has become my favorite . I can play their music over and over ... I never thought I would enjoy Opera but her voice seems to be meant for it ... like we never should have had to listen to it any other way . The world is full of tasteless crap like eminem , and god please can we forget the boybands and all the other put together mindless gatbage we are smacked with by local radio . NIGHTWISH Thank you for the wonderful barrage of sound you have given to me . I still love my other-prog metal bands but Nightwish has something for everyone who enjoys `` TRUE '' Music . Death to the false ones ! LOL
 I am very picky when it comes to music , but Nightwish fulfilled every emptiness in me . As a fan of symphonic/goth metal , I was expecting this to be along the lines of Lacuna Coil or Within Temptation but just simply listening to one song off of Wishmaster blew me away with absolute disbelief . The beauty of every track on this album is completely astounding , and is certainly a buy I do n't regret .
 I can not say enough about Nightwish , masterpeice in all meanings of the word . If I had to chose one CD to be stranded with on a desert island , this is it ! All Nighwish is good but this is there greatest , and most epic . Tarja has the most amazing voice , and makes this metal in a catagory all it 's own . You have just got to hear it , I can explain the way this album can make you feel . The classical of the future !
 COming from Finland , we have a totally revolutionary metal band , led by keyboard player Tuomas a fronted by amazing female singer Tarja Tarunen -LRB- now they added bass player Marco Hietala , owner of amazing vocals also -RRB- . NIGHTWISH has really come with something different to offer to the metal community . Their music is sharp and eloquent , beautiful and aggressive . The lyrics are intelligent but not indulgent . They can play live also.Well , WISHMASTER , their 2000 album , is really one step ahead of its antecessor , OCEANBORN . All the tracks are good , and they flow naturally . Enough said . This will not dissapoint anybody !!
 Nightwish is the ultimate band ; there is no equal and I sincerely doubt there ever will be . The power of this band will leave you in awe . This review comes from one who has compared and reviewed hundreds of great and fantastic bands and styles from all over the world . This is extremely powerful and melodic metal that will haunt you in the best way ; you will without a doubt want to listen to it over and over again . Nightwish renewed my passion for music ; I can not help but be supremely motivated in anything I do when I listen to their music . I have never heard a voice so perfect and supremely capable as Tarja 's . Absolutely beautiful , it could melt an angel 's ears . My favorites are The Kinslayer -LRB- bursting with rhythm and power , this was a song to remember the Colorado shooting -RRB- and the beautiful and graceful Dead Boy 's Poem -LRB- my personal tribute to my brother who passed away recently ; he was my hero -RRB- . There is not a single song on Wishmaster and Oceanborn that I do not absolutely love . Wishmaster is definitely their best album , and one you should get first . It will get you hooked on Nightwish . Oceanborn is the next one I recommend , and I say it is also one you can not pass up . After purchasing these two CDs , you may never buy another one again . After all , what is left after perfection .
 Nightwish works so near perfection ! None of the other similar bands -LRB- Lacuna Coil , Sinergy , Stratovarius , Angra ... -RRB- even approach this . No , Therion approaches . Many people tend to compare Nightwish to doom/goth metal bands such as Theatre Of Tragedy , Tristania and Sins Of Thy Beloved . Please , Nightwish is not doom/goth metal , it 's clearly high level POWER METAL ! Fast versatile guitar riffs , poignant ballads and above all , intense female vocals . Wishmaster 's most touching moment is the gentle `` Two For Tragedy '' , when Tarja 's passionate lament reaches the soul of the listener . Other highlights are the fast `` Wanderlust '' and `` Crownless '' . The last song , `` FantasMic '' , is divided in three parts and is also very touching . Wishmaster and its predecessor Oceanborn are without a doubt essential albums for any metal listener ...
 one of finlands best kept secrets.this cd is full of power . tarja turunen vocals are just stunning.from the haunting song a dead boys poem to the powerfull she is my sin and crownless this cd is for any one who is into great euro metal a must .
 This is solid neoclassical metal vaguely reminiscent of Stratovarius , except with a slower tempo , chunkier guitars , and , of course , an alto vocalist . Overall , they carve some interesting melodies , and this CD is recommended for neoclassical/progressive metal fans . `` Wanderlust '' in particular is an excellent song , putting Tarja 's vocals to great use . Some of my favorite parts involve multi-tracking of her voice to create spacious harmonies . With more complex and distinctive songwriting Nightwish should eventually become one of the leading lights in the scene .
 The great differential in this metal band from Finland is the presence of a female singer . Other than this , the keyboarder writes all the songs , which is also unusual in a metal band . Because NIGHTWISH is metal , sheer European metal , but with style and precision . There 's no great concern with fast guitar solos , just good music being played . But this CD shows clearly that they have evoluted . This is much better than '' ANGELS FALL FIRST '' .
 Just this time , I 'll make it short.Short but complete . Well.This was the first CD I got with Nightwish.And I love it.Not only are all songs great , Tarja 's voice is something special -LRB- she 's been taking singing lessons for the opera-register -RRB- and all the instrument are played by amazing virtuose musicians . It really gets and impresses the listener who get 's like brainwashed from all the beautiful words and the a bit scary themes . The drummer 's really got it , Emppu is great and everything makes this wonderful CD . Nightwish simply ca n't make anything go wrong . This CD is only on of all their loved CDs . Buy it as fast as you can . Enter the dreams of black!Sounds a huge bit better than Symphony X and Angra . Like a harder Lacuna Coil . You decide . Just do n't do the mistake to miss this CD !
 Ah , Sergio ... please do not think you are the most `` varied '' listener there is and pretend to be so `` cultured '' in your review . Sergio , for those who do n't know , is the reviewer whose review you will find somewhere around mine . Sergio , check out my reviews - I have been listenint to every -LRB- and I mean EVERY -RRB- conceivable variety of Rock and Metal since 1987 , and also Jazz , Funk , African , Blues , Classical , Reggae , Afro-Cuban music , etc. ... how 's that for variety ? And I happen to think that Nightwish is one of the best bands EVER . And , believe me , I have heard LOTS . I am also a musician , and I have been playing for 12 years , and I really find nothing to fault here - Nightwish have achieved the perfect balance of melodious grace and hard-hitting power . This is definitely their best album . With them , I have not suffered the `` first-listen '' syndrome . This is a curious condition which causes you to almost always like the most the first album that you listen to of any given band . The first one I owned was `` Oceanborn '' , which is their previous album . But , I must say that `` Wishmaster '' is slightly superior to that other brilliant masterpiece . So they might have a melody here and there that you might call `` accesible '' -LRB- such as the chorus on `` Bare Grace Misery '' -RRB- , but so what ? Of course , if you want utter inaccesibility and harshness , get a dose of Cannibal Corpse -LRB- one of my faves -RRB- , or in Jazz , the deliciously brutal sax player Albert Ayler , but in a supremely melodious and beautiful music such as this , a nit-picker like you might find a `` too pretty '' melody for his/her taste , and denounce it as `` accesible . '' God forbid ! Sorry , man . I just love Nightwish too much , and I get a bit violent . I mean , if you do n't like it , fine , just say it is n't your cup of tea . I can deal with that . But , to try to dissect the music to find little `` faults '' , with the only intention of showing your musical knowledge and `` sophisticaction '' ? Spare me . Admittedly , I sort of had to commit the same crime I am accusing you of , but just to make sure that you do n't think I am an unexperienced listener , I just had to . Nightwish is one of the classiest musical institutions ever to walk the face of the Earth . Period .
 i have always loved music of all sorts but this band got me diving into the gothic-metal genre . the music is beautiful , simply alluring and awesome . how can you say that tarja 's voice is not beautiful and aesthetic . the band is very , very sweet . the music itself is very , very sweet . i can not say enough about this band . the album was very nice , not the best one because i still like oceanborn better , but still very nice . i love the opening track , `` She is My Sin '' , very well done . if you get the chance , pick up this album or Oceanborn , you will not regret it and if you do i will buy it back from you . trust me , this is a good investment . if you are a bootlegger that only buys really , really good cds , this is one of them to buy .
 This is my least favourite of the Nightwish catalogue , and thats not to say its bad , On the contrary its still a long way ahead of most other artists in this genre -LRB- yes lacuna coil im referring to you -RRB- . But to me it just doesnt have the same atmosphere as the other albums , Sure the musical arrangements as usual are amazing , The instrumental work also amazing and the vocals are top notch , I just cant put my finger on what is missing.But im sure after a listen or 2 you can make up your own mind about the album , Just make sure you buy it .
 I live in Colombia and here you cant buy this album . you dont find it . It is very good I liked a lot .
 Wishmaster -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . Nightwish 's third studio album.Over the last year or so , I 've come across and listened to many power metal bands which are popular overseas . Some like to show off virtuoso musicianship by packing in the guitar/keyboard solos and pounding double-kick bass drums . Others are just 3rd-rate clones of better bands . After a while though , I begun to realize that while it 's good to hear bands go for the old-school heavy metal sound , a lot of power metal bands lack in the songwriting department and offer nothing unique to add to the old-school sound . In other words , a lot of it does n't really stand out and there is little variety between certain bands . Helloween , Gamma Ray , and Stratovarius are just a couple of examples.The good news is that there are many diamonds in the rough , some incredibly talented bands that stand out leagues above the others . Symphony X , Kamelot , Sonata Artica , Blind Guardian , and Iced Earth are among the elite bands of the genre . But we 're here to talk about another exceptional power metal act
 Having been profoundly impressed by my first exposure to Nightwish , via `` Oceanborn '' , the next step was to immediately procure their next three releases ; obviously , right !? I was really curious to hear `` Wishmaster '' , since there seems to be some difference of opinion about it ; it seems to inspire ambivalence or lack of enthusiasm in some and sometimes seems to grade out lower than other Nightwish CDs.I had no such reaction ; I absolutely loved it from the start and it will probably end up being an all time favorite -LRB- like top 10 -RRB- for me . My impressions - well everything I could want in music - power , beauty , passion , memorable melody , rhythmic drive , vibrant/positive/life-affirming attitude - its all there . To me , `` Wishmaster '' comes off more as classic melodic metal . Its somewhat reminiscent of vintage Iron Maiden , as opposed to the Dream Theatre type progressive vibe of `` Oceanborn '' or the heavier more modern flavor of `` Century Child '' and `` Once '' . Not to suggest Nightwish is derivative - without a doubt they have a strong character all of their own - those comparisons are just a rough frame of reference . `` Wishmaster '' is more guitar driven than `` Oceanborn '' , a bit less grandiose , and not quite as bold or dramatic . Its also noticeably more polished ; there are n't really any clunky elements in the music and sound quality is much better . `` Wishmaster '' does n't have the harsh high-frequency issues `` Oceanborn '' did ; this really helps the listening experience . It has a very balanced sound ; no one element dominates , you get a strong impression of cohesion and synergy - everyone pulling together . I 'd say the vocals benefit most from this . I 've noticed that the vocals can sometimes get a little lost in the mix on other Nightwish CDs - not the case here.And that 's a really good thing because if there is any vocal performance that should be highlighted its Tarja Turunen 's performance on `` Wishmaster '' . The only word I can use is sublime . I 'm probably guilty of overusing this adjective when it comes to Nightwish , but that 's the only way I can really sum it up . I guess gorgeous and stunning work pretty well too , but I 'm sticking with sublime . The vocals are firmly in the classical operatic style ; really similar to those on `` Oceanborn '' . Though I like classical music , I never liked classical vocals ; I ` ve always thought of them as stuffy and self-indulgent . I do n't have that feeling at all with Tarja ; in contrast , I just ca n't get enough . Somewhat sadly , Nightwish went to a more conventional vocal style following `` Wishmaster '' . Though I think Tarja is still the best heavy music singer out there , even in a more conventional style , the unique flavor of her performances in `` Wishmaster '' and `` Oceanborn '' are unforgettable.All this raving about the vocal performance should n't overshadow the other performances in `` Wishmaster '' . As usual , Nightwish is really disciplined in songwriting and arrangement - there 's no self indulgence here . The songs are all memorable , there 's terrific use of melody and harmony , and the playing is top notch . Also , as usual , I find it impossible to pick favorites ; my favorite track is whichever one I 'm listening to at the moment . I love it when a CD is so consistent - listen all the way through - take a quick break - repeat - repeat again ... In some ways , `` Wishmaster '' is n't super original , its more of a unique take on the classic metal formula . You could argue that the guitar leads have all been heard before , operatic vocals are common on PBS , you 've heard those chord changes before , and so on . I think that 's true of the vast majority of music out there ; you could make similar arguments for just about any LP/CD . Truly ground breaking efforts are n't that common ; `` Wishmaster '' is not in that category . If you 're interested in that vibe `` Oceanborn '' or `` Century Child '' might be better choices . If you 're really into the heavy modern grindy sound or a bit more of a darker vibe , `` Once '' would be a better Nightwish choice.I think `` Wishmaster '' will appeal most to people who value melody , harmony , and balance in their music as opposed to those who favor heaviness or sheer guitar drive or are finicky about their metal . I think that `` Wishmaster '' is so strong in these areas that I would probably pick this as the CD that I would use to expose non-metal fans to the music - I think it transcends the genre or as one of my bros likes to say - its world class .
 2000 's Wishmaster was the third release from Finnish metal sensation Nightwish . The band quickly made a name for themselves with their unique brand of `` operatic metal '' , and would inspire countless imitators . Nightwish was the first though , and with Wishmaster they pretty much set the standard that nearly none of their peers could hope to match.The band showed incredible potential onAngels Fall First , and continued to develop their sound onOceanborn , but with Wishmaster you 're hearing a band who is completely confident in their abilities , and whose songwriting skills are the equal of their musical talent . It 's a grand , sweeping majestic album that takes full advantage of Tuomas Holopainen 's keyboard and songwriting skills as well as Tarja Turunen 's majestic , opera-caliber voice . The symphonic elements are the perfect accent to the traditional metal sound . Highlights include `` Wanderlust '' , `` Deep Silent Complete '' , `` Fantasmic '' and the rousing title track , but there really are n't any sub-par songs on the album.I still think 2004 ` sOnceis Nightwish 's ultimate achievement , but Wishmaster comes pretty close . Nearly a decade after its original release , it 's still the standard by which most other `` opera metal '' bands are judged.NOTE
 Hybridized metal drawing from power metal , atmospheric , classical music , gothic and a touch of doom metal , `` Wishmaster '' should have more than enough of all these elements - performed masterfully - to satisfy fans of everyone from The Gathering to Blind Guardian to Angra . Led by the vocals of Tarja Turunnen , who 's famous for being one of the first metal vocalists to sing the operatic style , but she also uses a number of other styles , some of them more traditional to metal and some not so . The music runs the range of whatever 's required for the particular track
 Sounding like nothing else on the planet , this unique band has bridged the gap between Opera and Metal . Think of a true opera singer with the likes of a Dream Theater-type band behind her . That 's the only way to try and explain what infiltrated my ears when I first heard this band . Singer Tarja Turunen is in a class by herself . Much like Jethro Tull made the flute a Rock instrument , or Kansas rocked out with a violin solo ; Nightwish takes a genuine full blown opera singer , and makes her a tool for churning out molten metal songs that have incredible depth . Make no mistake either , she is not an `` operatic '' singer ; she is a straight up Opera singer . The band to back this incredible voice is nothing short of stupendous also . With all music and lyrics being written by keyboard player Tuomas Holopainen , he has written a spine-tingling masterpiece here . Many comparisons have been drawn to Evanescence , as of late . The only similarity I really hear is that both bands have a great female singer . I believe that the similarities end there . The ladies have two completely different vocal styles , Tarja Turunen being an opera singer and Amy Lee being more of a rock vocalist . The bands have two totally different music styles also ; Nightwish is a more complex and progressive act , where Evanescence is much more mainstream . Both bands are wonderful , but make no mistake ... they are different.From the very first track , we start an expedition of tremendous all around musicianship . Turunen is a shock to the ears when you first hear her . With the unexpected wailing of her triumphant tone on She Is My Sin , and the medieval chant of the record 's second track The Kinslayer , you have no choice but to be shocked by what this act is doing . An incredible band accompaniment makes these first two tracks simply stunning . The surprises never really subside either . From the light flute pieces in Come Cover Me and FantasMic to the mounting drama of Dead Boy 's Poem , this record is loaded with a diverse collection of pleasurable nuances . Take note of the heavenly drum track on Wanderlust , and the great guitar riff to fire up Crownless , or the guitar effect on Deep Silent Complete ; this is an all around group contribution that is highlighted by Turunen 's extraordinary vocal talent . Having all the music and lyrics written by the keyboard player also , you can just imagine what this has to offer on the keyboard front . Many of the keyboard arrangements simply compliment the music that surrounds them . The keyboards never move in and take over any of these songs . It only makes sense that some of the finest written keyboard parts would be written by the guy playing them , huh ?! Great drum tracks , exquisite keyboard pieces , and adequate guitar grind complementing one of the best singers in the world - what more could you ask for ?! As the record continues dealing out appetizing , elaborate , and sensitive arrangements , you soon realize that this ca n't get much better . Songs like Come Cover Me , Wanderlust , Bare Grace Misery and Crownless all have a slight classic metal influence to them ; but with its ' dark and haunting lyrics , its ' instrumental complexity , and Ms. Turunen singing , they barely resemble anything that has come before them . With Turunen and her opera stylings , any and all similarities to anything and everything go straight out the window . There will always be those who 'll want to mention Iron Maiden , Dream Theater or Evanescence though , when trying to describe this unparagoned pleasure.The only thing lacking here is that `` Perfect 10 tingle '' ; you know , the shiver that keeps sprinting to and fro on the track that is your spine . This is one of the most peerless presentations ever offered in the metal genre , though . One of the most unique and delightfully appealing sounds I 've ever experienced . Hooray for ingenuity , originality , and talent . Hooray for Nightwish.OVERALL RATING
 This was the second album that I ever heard by Nightwish . My first was Oceanborn . I loved that one . So I ordered this one and popped it into my stereo when I received it . My first impression was actually . Meh ... Oceanborn is better . Then I gave it another listen and absolutely have been loving it since then.This album has a slightly harder edge than Oceanborn . But still retains a few of their wonderful balads -LRB- ala
 Lets get this out of the way immediately . People either love or hate this band for one reason . The operatic vocals of Tarja Turunen . Frankly it took me a couple of listens to warm up to them . It was an acquired taste for me . That said I ca n't believe I ever had reservations about her vocals . Tarja 's vocals are powerful , crystal clear and very pure sounding . I often find myself mesmerised while listening to her.Wishmaster is the bands third and best full length CD . The music is hard to categorize . Tarja 's vocals definitely influence the feel of the songs . Overall the bands music can best be simplistically described as melodic power metal with a touch of progressive metal . Keyboards are more prominent than in most metal bands even rivalling the guitar in importance . The main reason for that is the band 's main songwriter is the keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen . Fear not guitar fans the guitar is far from absent , witness the crunchy riffs that is the basis for `` Wanderlust '' and `` She is My Sin '' . The keyboard playing is first rate and tends to be more intricate in the slower quieter sounding songs such as `` Two for Tragedy '' and in the quieter parts of `` Dead Boy 's Poem '' . The keyboards also act as a lead guitar would in certain song such as `` Bare Grace Misery '' . The songs on this CD are all top notch but none the less I do have favourites . The previously mentioned `` She is My Sin '' and `` Wanderlust '' are excellent straight ahead rockers . The atmospheric `` Two for Tragedy '' with its subtle instrumentation is simple terrific . The melodic `` Bare Grace Misery '' and `` Dead Boys Poem '' with its change of moods and tempo are first rate.In closing an excellent album with depth and complexity . The CD to start with if you have never bought a Nightwish CD before .
 I did n't think I would find another metal band that could blow my mind away like Lacuna Coil did . I could not have been any more wrong . Nightwish totally took my breath away with the gorgeous vocals by lead singer Tarja . Her operatic vocals made each song emotionally moving which you really do n't get with a lot of heavy metal bands nowadays . One would think that opera and heavy metal would n't make for a good combination but Nightwish did the impossible and made opera and heavy metal very compatible . I knew I was hooked on Nightwish when I heard the intro to `` She is My Sin '' . I love how acoustic guitar is incorporated into several of the songs on this cd . If only metal today would sound as good as bands like Lacuna Coil and Nightwish .
 I had no idea what to expect when I bought and then listened to this record . What I can say is that I was blown away by the impressive mixture of operatic vocals and wicked symphonic power metal music.I suppose first we should speak about Tarja Turunen , the mighty pipes behind this extravagant release . It takes all of about 10 seconds of the opener -LRB- `` She Is My Sin '' -RRB- before Tarja 's powerful style wins you over and makes you a believer that true opera vocals CAN and DO work over super-melodic hard metal . Other particular strong tracks are `` The Kinslayer '' and `` Wishmaster . '' Both are so damn metal , you 'll instantly fall in love with them.The second item to speak about on this album are the phenomenal keyboards played by Thomas Holopainen . It 's no surprise he 's given `` 2nd billing '' in the well-crafted liner notes within the CD booklet . I 've never heard -LRB- or not very often , at least -RRB- such power from a synthesizer within the realm of heavy metal before . Sometimes , like during the epic `` FantasMic , '' the keys take a lead role over the chugging , riffing guitars , and other times , like during the lilting , poetic `` Come Cover Me , '' the keys lay down a beautiful harmonious blanket for the rest of the band.This record is an extremely worthwhile one to own for ALL fans of power/progressive metal , and for ALL fans of melodic European metal . It 'd also be great for anyone who wants to experience something new and a little bit different . I absolutely loved it ; you might too .
 Amazing band . Some of the best song writing in metal that I have ever heard -LRB- 20 years metal experience -RRB- . If this band continues with the same kind of effort and style , they are going to be giants -LRB- in the metal world -RRB- for years to come . Tarja is a phenomenal singer . Classically-trained , passionate , and flawless . Musically , this band would be in the Progressive metal category . . not overly heavy and very melodic . This is a very special band here . What 's striking about them is the individual songs . Each song has it 's own voice and can stand it 's ground . Unlike most bands who 's songs sound similar as far as style and feel ... to get a taste of Nightwish , you must listen to an entire album . This review , by the way , is for both Wishmaster and , their previous album , Oceanborn . Both are must-have albums and are equally good . Their first album , Angels Fall First , is n't as good , as you can tell they were still trying to develop their style , but it is very good too . Amazing band with a great future ahead . Buy all 3 albums and enjoy !
 This is the third full length album by Finnish opera metal masters ; Nightwish . They perfect their profuction even more and solidify all their music as much as they can , making ever song as catchy as it can . With the exception of FantasMic , every song on this album is below the five minute mark . One notable song is `` The Kinslayer '' a concept piece about the infamous Colombine school shooting in Colorado , Usa . It is astonishing how tragedies traverse so far accross the world . and it is chilling how they use quotes from the two kids who committed those crimes.I personally love every song with the exception of Dead Boy 's Poem . That is not a bad Nightwish song in comparsion to all of their songs . It is a track that I have never really been able to get into very much . Other notably tracks are the extremely catch She is my Sin , Wanderlust , Wishmaster , the balad Come Cover Me , Bare Grace Misery , and the ten minute FantasMic . This is one of the best Nightwish album and most solid to be released .
 It 's fitting . My 100th review on amazon.com on the very album that got me started on metal 10 years ago this very month . And reviewing it on the very place I purchased it November 7 , 2001 . This is a sort of homecoming for me.As you might imagine , I 've given this a few spins.After all this time , I still love the album as much as I always did . What 's changed over the years is my perspective on it . This was Nightwish 's latest album when I first got it . My most current - as in , a working progress that only came to me hours ago - perspective on the album is that this is the `` best of both worlds '' album.Let 's look into that `` best of both worlds '' description.When I saw Nightwish perform live in August 2008 , Come Cover Me -LRB- track 3 here -RRB- was the single oldest song they played . When I saw them in August 2004 , Sleeping Sun from the previous album was , and a few songs from Wishmaster were played . Come Cover Me could be on Dark Passion Play -LRB- except 1 , the song has no orchestra , and 2 , Marco 's lead male vocals would n't be used -RRB- . On the other hand , we have the full-on melodic/power metal songs in Crownless and Fantasmic . Argue all you want , but even Dead to the World from the following album , Century Child , is more removed from this melodic/power metal sound . What 's great about Nightwish is that the bombastic quality still has never gone anywhere ; it 's merely evolved -LRB- take the chorus of Poet and the Pendulum for example - not the same type of bombastic that the Wishmaster -LSB- chorus -RSB- title track is , but it is still bombastic -RRB- . Crownless and Fantasmic are like the Stargazers , Devil and the Deep Dark Ocean , Pharaoh Sails to Orion , and Elvenpath from the first two albums.Nightwish does a masterful job of creating well-rounded albums . The only possible exception to this would be the first album , Angels Fall First , which tended towards a folkier sound -LRB- but this is to be expected as the band 's mostly-unheard of demo consists solely of 3 acoustic songs -RRB- . Would Tutankhamen fit well on Oceanborn or Century Child ? I do n't think so . Wishmaster might just be the MOST diverse album Nightwish has put out . Like so many Finnish bands do seamlessly , songs vary in speed as you progress through every track . Two bombastic songs open the album before Come Cover Me settles in as a mid-paced song , then Wanderlust picks up the pace only to have it slowed down the most yet for Two For Tragedy , then the super-bombastic title track . All this is before both the quietest -LRB- Dead Boy 's Poem -RRB- and the fastest -LRB- Crownless -RRB- are heard.Last week , I was substituting in a middle school and attended a 7th grade assembly with the students called Rachel 's Story ... at least I think the second word was `` Story '' . Rachel was one of twelve students who lost their lives on April 20th , 1999 . A teacher 's life was also lost that day , as were the two male students who killed the other 13 . 12 + 1 + 2 = 15 , and these are the `` 15 candles '' referred to in The Kinslayer . Those two boys slain their kin in Columbine High School that day.Nightwish , along with numerous metal bands I appreciate , take the time out of their day to write songs on subjects like these . Whether it 's Symphony X covering literacy -LRB- the 24-minute The Odyssey -RRB- , Sabaton covering history , Ancient telling the story of Cain , or Dream Theater 's Sacrificed Sons -LRB- 9/11 -RRB- , these bands do great things for us when they write these songs . They unite all listeners under a common cause
 Oh , Wishmaster . A Nightwish classic . Long before the days of Marco Hietala , full orchestral accompaniment , Anette Olzon and the more operatic days of Tarja 's career , there was Wishmaster - a more rock-metal approach -LRB- with a hint of pop appeal -RRB- with heavy guitars and ear-splitting classic opera vocals . Following closely on the heels of Nightwish 's highly popular Oceanborn , Wishmaster was big step in the band 's evolution , featuring a heavier sound with catchy melodies and hooks , Wishmaster still stands as a unique piece of Nightwish 's musical library.Without a doubt , title track `` Wishmaster '' is the stand-out song . With its catchy melody , amazing vocal work and epic guitar riffs , Wishmaster is a classic that continues to enchant fans . I also enjoy the beautiful vocal melodies and atmospheric feel of `` Deep Silent Complete , '' with Tarja 's sweeping vocals and mesemerizing lyrics . Other favorites include `` Come Cover Me '' and `` Crownless . `` Some interesting songs of note on this album are `` Dead Boy 's Poem , '' `` She is My Sin '' and `` FantasMic . '' `` Dead Boy 's Poem '' served as the introduction of the dead boy character , who has been a reoccuring Nightwish character/theme throughout their career . `` She is My Sin '' has often been seen as a personal song by Tumos that explores the consequences of sexuality . Then , `` FantasMic , '' which was never a highly popular song , even at live shows , but it 's filled with references to Disney movies and characters , song think like Kingdom Hearts - the song.Wishmaster is not to be missed for any Nightwish fan .
 Wishmaster is a simply terrific compilation of music from the masters of symphonic metal . With Tuomas 's visionary songwriting and Tarja 's soaring vocals , Nightwish was one of the freshest voices in all of rock .
 This has to be one of the greatest bands ever ... . I am never disappointed with any of their work ... They are trully incredible and talented !!!!! Wishmaster is worth every cent !!!!
 Nightwish is a band I can never get enough of ! I love all their CDs but the earlier years being the best - I would consider this one the last of their `` early '' years and this album is great . Wishmaster has all the fantasy and epic stylings shown in Oceanborn although it sounds a bit more toward traditional heavy metal but it 's still Nightwish !! Get this and Oceanborn as well !!
 The first Nightwish album I heard was Oceanborn . I was impressed with that , and I 'm even more impressed with this . That 's right , this album is even better than Oceanborn , and that 's saying something.Nightwish are true breath of fresh air . With gorgeous atmospheres replacing bombastic cheese , they are a band who truly offer something different in the world of power metal . Even more uniquely , the vocalist in this band is a classical opera singer . And while Tarja 's vocals initially had me torn since I could n't decide whether or not I liked them , I know now that I love them . Her incredible vocals are part of what make Nightwish so good.However , as I said in my review of Oceanborn , even if they had stereotypical male vocalist , they would still be something different . Their fusion of metal , neo-classical and folk is still unique , at times creating an atmosphere that is beautiful , dramatic and heavy at the same time , without being cheesy . And that is some feat , considering how many other bands have tried and failed.Overall , this is a slightly heavier and more ` metal ' approach than Oceanborn , so metalhead 's may be best advised to start here . In truth , Nightwish truly are one of the better bands out there and if you want something different then they are a band well worth checking out .
 It 's amazing , and I really loved Tarja 's voice . Her sweet voice can make me shed some tears . From track 1 to the bonus track , none of them are bad . All the songs on this album are gr8.I can not rate the songs because they 're equally and perfect . They all should take 5/5 or A + . PERFECT .
 Wishmaster is simply the best CD I 've picked up for ages . The Brooding and sometimes aggressive music combined with Tarjas extremely powerful voice is simply breath taking.The opera like vocals are way above excellent and the rest of the band is just as top notch.I usually only like one or two songs on any given CD , wishmaster is the exception ... all the tracks are masterpieces!If you like fantasy , Goth and Metal combination music , then this album is a must have for you!I guarantee it!If you got powerful speakers then this album is going blow you away -LRB- without being noisy i might add -RRB-
 I listened to this one at X-Mas after Oceanborn , and this was just as impressive . Some songs might sound like slight fillers , but after really paying attention to the deep lyrics and enchanting sounds , you might change your mind . I usually do n't have track favorites , but some will be immortal : KinslayerWishmasterShe Is My SinDeep Silent CompleteIf you want to know the true meanings of the songs , go to their website . Toumas posted his comments on each song for this album , and its great to read . Highly recommend for your library , because Nightwish just keeps getting better with each epic installment !
 I play this cd over and over again . I use this when I 'm going for long walks and te time just fly !
 Nightwish 's best album . In my opinion , of course . This album is much more epic sounding and much more to the power metal side than previous and preceeding releases . Operatic power metal I feel would be the appropriate genre for this Nightwish album . In any case , it is an amazing album and you should definetly buy it if you do not already own it . Besides , it 's one of the best we 've heard from Nightwish and most likely to be the last of the best now that they 've drifted over to alternative pop-rock . Best tracks
 A beautiful blend of operatic vocals , synths and metal.I just noticed a lot of people saying this is not one of Nightwishes best works and so on . This is my favorite Nightwish album of them all but its a matter of taste . Its not as heavy as the other albums on most songs -LRB- exept wishmaster and fantasmic -RRB- . It has more of a rock opera pace rather than metal opera in most parts with some beautiful operatic songs -LRB- no drums or guitar just synths and opera -RRB- . Some beautiful flutes etc. . It depends on taste but this album has some of the best loved Nightwish songs -LRB- Wishmaster , Deadboys Poem , Fantasmic -RRB- .
 Moi to you all , Nightwish est vraiment le plus cool des bands . Unqiue pis des tounes supers orginales , ca ma faite d&eacute;couvrir le m&eacute;tal pis aucune autre band ma faite vribrer comme eux . &Agrave; tous le monde cest un must buy .
 This is a really great Nightwish album . Should be in any fans collection , simple as that .
 See once upon a time I use to demand the heavest of the heavy . Wishmaster changed all that . Everything about the cd is wonderful . The singing the guitar 's and everything else that you 'll hear in this opera fused cd . But those out there that like a good pouding cd wishmaster delivers this to.Since getting this cd I have relized that sometimes to get a great cd you just have to buy one without knowing what they even sound like . I hope people out there will do the same .
 I like this album because it is relay good metal . A lot of symphonic parts with great metal sound . This is a very known band , and as other Finish metal bands -LRB- Stratovarious , Amorphis , Sonata Artica , etc -RRB- this band has a very high level in technique and have acomplish a very particular sound and style . The main composer is the Keyboard player Tuomas , who knows very well how to enrich the music with interesting dinamics of rythm and iteraccion between the instruments . Tarja , the singer is simply unic , the very best female voice in metal that I 've ever heard . For the ones who own the Oceanborn or had hear it , it may be a bitter softer and less symphonic . This does n't mean it is bad at all . The ballads are very inspiring . I especially like
 Un album tout simplement renversant , extraordinaire , sensationnelle . Il est excellent sur toute la ligne avec une voix si bien cadr&eacute; , si bien mis en evidence devenant la suite de se qu'ils avaient commencer avec Oceanborn , il revienne a la charge avec une disque presque aussi parfait . Un album tout comme le deuxieme , remplis de rebondissement , remplis de moment intense et de moment plus romantique avec Dead Boy 's Poem qui est sans aucun doute la meilleur toute qu'ils ont faites . Souvent comparer a Dream Theater pour leur beat de piano , d'instrument progressif , ils ont sus selon moi allez une coche au dessus et nous offrir quelque chose d'encore superieur au membre de Dream Theater ... En bref , il s ` agit d'un CD dispendieux , mais combien il en vaut la peine , il est merveilleux et chaqu'un se doit de connaitre se magnifique groupe Allemand .
 I 've been a long time fan of the performers and artists that came up from humble beginnings to emerge as the preeminent and dominate leaders in southern blues from the Delta to Georgia , Memphis-style to swing and there is just about no other force in blues history like the one and only Howlin ' Wolf . It is nearly indescribable . You simply have to listen to understand when it takes you back to the deep south at a time when drinking fountains had labels and which side of the street you were on could mean the difference between living and dying . Of course , nobody can walk in the shoes of a bluesman , but if he does his job right , and Howlin ' Wolf certainly did/does , he will put you in a good mood as you can feel the pain in his voice as the blues comes through it .
 Sanford and Townsend blew me away thirty years ago with this album . Their performance at the Bottom Line in NYC was even better . Their voice , harmonies , and music are simply incredible . Since my turntable went kaput , I 've been unable to enjoy this incredible album . Squire James has become a staple in my household for Halloween music . Now we can enjoy those days all over again . Just sit back , kick back , and get ready to rock n ' roll with rock n ' soul music !
 Thats how music history books should be written , it was 1977 , I first heard this album on a verandah overlooking the Indian Ocean in Perth Western Australia on a hot breezy Saturday evening watching the sun setting over the whitetops ... . WOW , what a old flashback that is , party goin on inside , my Triumph under the balcony , I got up , grabbed the keys , and went for a blast , that song has been a permanant source of pleasure in my old head for decades now ... . mist in your eyes from the smoke of a distant fire ... . da da da da ada , sounds even better with the exhaust note of a 750 Bonnie ... da da da da
 You may want to wait to order this disc . Collector 's Choice -LRB- ccmusic.com -RRB- music now has a domestically available version for $ 12.95 . Wait a couple of months and you 'll see it here at Amazon .
 I 'm thrilled that this album finally come out as a CD . I 've been saving an an original album for years . Smoke from a Distant Fire is a classic , but there are other great songs such as Rainbows covered in Blue , In for the Night , Sunshine in my Heart etc. etc. . I was always surprised that this group did n't last too long .
 It took me forever to finally get this gem , but it was so worth the wait . Some of the best music I 've ever heard . They had it all ! Would n't it be great for them to get together again ?! I just wonder if they really know just how good they were and how much they are missed .
 These guys are simultaneously a rock and roll treasure and a rock and roll tragedy . This is one of the best albums of the era -- every song on it is tremendous and instead of being one-hit wonders , S&T ; should have dominated the airwaves like Fleetwood Mac or the Eagles.The only thing better than this was the demo that got them their record deal . The demo , which featured these songs played by Loggins & Messina 's band and recorded by their production team is so much better than this admittedly hit-bound recording , it 's sick . The grooves are slinkier , Townsend does n't sound so stiff and ready for radio . The whole demo has this organic southern smile on it that is truly amazing . Why Warner 's re-recorded it is a mystery . Maybe the guys can get the rights to their demo tracks and release them on CD . Hell , it 's only been 30 years . Now that would be something to buy!Still `` Smoke '' is a tremendous record . None of the later records came close .
 John Townsend is the man with the voice , and it might be one of the finest vocal performances ever . If you do n't believe it , just sit back and listen to this album from start to finish . The lyrics are interesting and fun and the performance is outstanding .
 Smoke From a Distant Fire absolutely rocks ! You ca n't help but boogie to Shake it to the Right ! Squire James and Sunshine in my Heart Again are also fantastic .
 This is a wonderful trip down memory lane and the first thing that I noticed was the incredible vocals of Ed Sanford and John Townsend . The great Kenny Loggins also appears on this album . The classic songs like `` Smoke From A Distant Fire '' and `` Lou '' abd `` Moolah Moo Mazuma '' remind me of my burning desire to live in LA in the late 70 's . If you like the Doobies , Orleans , etc then you will love rediscovering the brilliant talent of Sanford Townsend Band .
 When you think of all the material that has been released out on CD . Why is this not available in North America . C'mon Warner !
 One of my all-time favorites in a listening history that ranges from the Beatles and Motown in the 60 's to the present . I can still listen to it over and over and over ... It never gets old .
 Sometimes a sound is so unique , it never gets the recognition it deserves . Sanford-Townsend had that kind of sound . Think of Blood , Sweat & Tears if they had a soul -LRB- or kept AL Kooper -RRB- , or the Beatles if they sent away for rhythm & blues/jazz sensibilities . If you do n't love the Smoke from a Distant Fire track , you may have missed what music was about from 1969 to 1979 . Oriental Gate and Rainbows Covered in Blue still groove in a new millenium . The Rock & Roll Hall of Fame needs a place for MOMENTS like Smoke From A Distant Fire .
 review on ` The Smoke from a Distant Fire ' I 'm pretty sure that most folks have never heard of this duet , as I ca n't remember if they ever hit the ` top 40 ' radio scene -LRB- perhaps the title song made it there -RRB- ... but they just never became a hit band for the 70 's as they never wore white polyester or make a big pyrotechnic production , they just got out there and played . NO disco here . If it came out today , I would buy it in a NY second ! If you like great song writing , great musicians , or like the Sons of Champlain , Boz Skaggs , I would recommend this album . Even after the 40 some years , it has held up very well . I was excited when I found this in CD , as I no longer have a turntable , so it was like a great b-day gift to 're experience ' -LRB- is that even a word ? ' an album I played for a lot of girls . Many of them are love songs , not syrupy or silly , but unrequited love , want you back , a lot of themes here , that just ROCK . If you are like me , and only buy new stuff from old people , -LRB- I 'm an old people -RRB- ... you 'll love this . Best of luck.FINS UP !
 i 've got ta say , i was kicking myself for ordering this cd , not only because it was used , but also because it was $ 72 plus change . i justified that with not having foolishly indulged myself lately . that being said , i 'm so happy i bought it . i 've always loved ` smoke from a distant fire ' and was n't familar with the other tracks but they 're all good ... some being great . the cd was used but it 's in perfect condition so that is n't an issue . i probably would n't spend that much money on another cd -LRB- that was n't in a boxed set -RRB- again , but it was definately worth it ... so maybe i would ... rm
 Yes , there is only one hit on the album , but what a hit it is . `` Smoke From a Distant Fire '' is one of the most compelling , radio-friendly singles from the late ' 70 's / early ' 80 's and still an incredibly powerful and attractive track . You ca n't help singing along with it.As to the rest of the album , surprisingly -LRB- given that these guys never had anything else approaching a hit -RRB- , it 's a really good , thoroughly enjoyable album -- strong songs , good playing and singing , with a very polished production typical of the era . A couple of the tracks are disposable , but nothing is awful and some of the rest is really terrific .
 This is one of the best albums I have ever heard . I have gone through 2 cds and one LP .
 Sanford Townsend is my all-time favorite band and John Townsend my favorite singer . This is a CD from an album produced in the 70 's and it is crisp and clear . I am so happy to have been able to find it so that I can play `` Smoke From A Distant Fire '' when I want to , along with the other songs which are also great .
 I first heard of Sanford & Townsend in 1978 . I immediately bought the -LRB- vinyl -RRB- album . I foolishly unloaded my 300 + collection of vinyl albums in favor of CDs some years ago . I searched for quite sometime to for this particular album on CD . I was beginning to think it may never have made it to CD . However , I finally found a copy and bought it a couple of months ago . While admittedly somewhat dated the album is still a great listen . A great mixture of white R&B as well as some funk and dance hooks . The single from the album is `` Smoke from a distant fire '' . The song enjoyed some level of success around 1978 . The vocals are fantastic . The overall sound is similar to early Hall & Oates . It 's been in my car 's CD player for some time . Give it a listen . You may be pleasantly surprised .
 I 've looked for this CD for my husband for ages . He is a HUGE fan of this album and it is his Christmas gift . So glad I finally found it !
 I have two copies of this in LP format . One with the zoris flip flops on the cover -LRB- original STB release -RRB- and one with the two on front when they hit the big time . Here , in Alabama , they were not one hit wonders . Every track got air play because every track is just awesome . Their later album releases were decent with way more commercial and seemingly formatted songs . But , this LP -LRB- cd ... -RRB- is a stand out . One of those , `` If I was stranded on an island with only ten LPs ... '' this would be one of them . No kidding - it 's that good from top to bottom .
 I think I first heard `` Smoke From A Distant Fire '' about a year ago on the radio . When I did , I LOVED it . And not just the sound . I loved the story and concept , too . A cheating woman getting busted and sent packing ? Sure beats the stereotypical `` cheating man '' songs I usually hear.Anyway , I finally found out the name of the performer , but was surprised that I could n't find any of their albums anywhere ; music stores , online stores , etc. . I finally caught it as a `` Pre-order '' item on Amazon and had to wait about a month for it . And was it ever worth the wait !!! I finally received it about a month ago and have not gotten tired of it yet . And not just `` Smoke From A Distant Fire '' . I 'm talking about the ENTIRE CD . And that 's unusual for me because I 'll usually buy an album for one song and EVENTUALLY get into the rest of them ; sometimes years afterward . This time , I took to ALL OF THEM like old friends.If you like Hall & Oates , you 'll love these songs . I say that because in some songs , John Townsend hits notes that sound like Daryl Hall ; specifically in `` Lou '' . The only difference is , there is more of a southern-flavor to these songs -LRB- not country ... southern -RRB- . Also , if you like Kenny Loggins , you 'll also love this CD , too . He shares a lead with Townsend on `` Oriental Gate '' that is CLASSIC Loggins ; not to mention the backing vocals he did on `` Does It Have To Be You '' . I have this album saved to Media Player at work and on my home computer with the CD living in my car . As I said , I have not become tired of listening to it yet . I think mostly because they are all well told stories that display not only the range of the singer , but also of the songwriters.From the betrayal of `` Smoke From A Distant Fire '' , to temptation and straight-up lust in `` Oriental Gate -LRB- No Chance of Changing My Mind -RRB- '' , to lost love in `` Does It Have To Be You '' , to found love in `` In For The Night '' , to life-goes-on-quit-feeling-sorry-for-yourself in both `` Sunshine In My Heart Again '' & `` Rainbows Colored In Blue '' . There are also tales of the wicked city `` Moolah Moo Mazuma -LRB- Sin City Wahoo -RRB- '' , a gothic ghost story called `` Squire James '' , and a get up and dance number called `` Shake It To The Right '' . I 'm just trying to exercise some patience to catch `` Duo Glide '' at a below import price . But I 'm not sure if I can hold out much longer . Because if these guys could do a GREAT job like this , I can only imagine what their later efforts were like !
 If you took Firefall , Seals and Crofts and Orleans put them into the same studio you would have the same general sound and feeling this album generates . The title track `` Smoke from a Distant Fire '' , is an upbeat tune which tells the story of love rejected and illustrates the old saying `` What goes around , comes around '' . Nothing violent or anything of that nature , more simply stated the grass is not always greener on the other side . When this song came out in the mid-70 's the title track got very little airtime which is a shame as it is truly a remarable tune.The rest of the album is far from disappointing . The track `` Oriental Gate '' is another moving tune that will have you wondering why did n't a tune of this caliber get any airplay . The rest of the CD does not disappoint , a collage of rock , classical influence , outstanding vocals and lyrics makes this one a must have.This is one of those rare albums that has and will stand the test of time.I have waited 20 years for this to reissue and it sounds even better the second time around .
 I hate to do a `` me too '' review , but I first want to confirm what the other reviewers have said about this record . Yes , the musicianship and production values are truly top notch . Yes , the vocal work is excellent . But on this recording , what matters are the songs . This is , indeed , one of the greatest pop recordings of all time . I , too , am simply amazed that such an incredible album could be released on a major label -LRB- Warner Bros. -RRB- , only to fall into almost complete obscurity . This may be the best album that you have never heard . I can only assume that the record company was focusing their attention on some other type of music , and failed to promote the recording . For the most part , the album is very funky and danceable , mixed in with some slower stuff such as the beautiful blues track , `` Rainbows Colored in Blue '' and the delightful `` Squire James , '' which is a musical ghost story . It 's hard to imagine somebody who would n't love this record . Incidently , I would like to point out that this album has been released under two titles . It was originally released as `` The Sanford Townsend Band , '' which is the title it is listed under here . However , it was later re-released as `` Smoke from a Distant Fire , '' by Sanford and Townsend . Same album . Same incredible music .
 It 's totally escapes me that these guys were n't better known and that only one of these songs made it in the charts . Then to have to wait until 2000 to get the CD ... from Japan ? The vocals on here alone are worth the price of admission ... even as an import . The original band is a extremely fine group of musicians ... so the additional input from Kenny Loggins and others makes it that much better . My album literally wore out ... and I have looked for this since CD 's first came to market . John Townsend is one of the finest vocalists I have ever heard ... unbelievable . The music is impeccable ... the songs are the kind you ca n't get out of your head ... and the production is superb . Get it while you can .
 ca n't say enough about this album . this , to me is the very finest album ever made when one considers the quality of musicians , music , and production . the voice quality of these guys is incredible , and , i do n't know where they found the musicians for this package , but their precision and balance is fabulous . am quite an accomplished musician myself , and though i am in awe of very few in the world of music , i find myself in awe of these guys . i have worn out my album and am in need of a new one . also , if anyone knows any information of the whereabouts or activities of the members of the sanford/townsend band please contact me at stephenalexanderhomes@hotmail.com .
 I had this album back in the days of vinyl and had to buy the CD . It 's as good as I remember blending jazz with rock for their unique sound .
 This title song for this album may have been a one hit wonder , but what fabulous music it is in its entirety . I wore out two cassettes a number of years ago , and was having trouble finding it on disc . The vocals are rivaled by the lyrics , the harmony as good as the accompanyment . What a bluesy , jazzy , sexy , sound ! I 'm so glad I found a copy .
 Now I know why I ca n't get a copy of this album on CD . Everybody 's looking for it ! It 's been a lot of years now , my original vinyl album does n't exist anymore , still ... I ca n't forget some of these songs . This work is a masterpiece , believe us . This is what popular music should always be
 Chris LaMach . Chris was my next door neighbor on 13th floor of Neumaier hall at Moorhead State University in 1977 . Chris 's favorite album was `` Smoke From a Distant Fire '' from the Sandford and Townsend Band . I listened to it so much when I was in college in Chris 's room that I learned each one of the ten songs by heart . Try listening to the ending fugue of `` Squire James '' at 3 a.m. sometime when you 've been up all night partying - it was enough to make you rethink your misspent youth . The lyrics of this album are sometimes repetitive and simplistic . For example , count the number of times the themes of smoke , fire , burning , etc. appear throughout the album . Also , the dreadful refrain of `` I 've got ants in my pants and I just might dance all night '' in the otherwise terrific `` Shake It to the Right '' come to mind . But these are small criticisms . The bass line is dynamic , the vocals powerful and the songs are extremely catchy and long wearing . Just whatever happened to these guys ?
 I was so happy to find that I could get this CD ... it has always been one of my all-time-favorites !! Happy listening !!!!!
 I heard Smoke From A Distant Fire in a restraunt last Saturday and thought `` Wow , I used to love that song ! '' I even wrote down the name because surely I 'd forget it and I wanted to see if it was available still . I did n't need to as it has been playing in my head since I heard it ! I listened to the samples on Amazon and happily remembered all the songs I played over & over again all those years ago and remembered why loved them ! I placed an order for it today ! They are like Hall & Oates in their harmonies which blend so well together . The music is uplifting and foot tapping . The combination of rock , jazz and a blusey kind of music is as fresh today as it was then . What a wonderful find after all these years ! Thank goodness CD 's last longer than casettes ! I wo n't wear them out as quickly !
 This is one of the greatest albums ever . `` Smoke from a distant Fire '' getmore radio-play than anyone realizes , and mostly it goes unrecognized andthe artists relegated to one hit wonders . A very underrated classic .
 although there is actually only one hit on this CD , if youre from this time the memories are worth it all .
 Many thanks to Collector 's Choice for reissuing this magnificent album on CD , previously only available on disc in the fine but expensive and rare Japanese pressing . `` Smoke From A Distant Fire '' is one of a few dozen tunes that instantly , for those of us in our late 30s/early 40s , takes you back to the great days of AM gold . And , the good part , it 's not the only catchy , likeable tune on the record.In a time when almost anything seems to qualify as `` a classic '' , this duo and these tunes really are .
 This really takes me down memory lane . I can tell you exactly where I was at , what time of day it was and who I was with when I first heard Smoke From a Distant Fire ... I loved it then and I love it still .
 I have been looking for this CD for years ... can not believe it is not available in this form in this country . John Townsend has a website , and even he is looking for it . His website includes the history of this band . Very interesting . I had the album long ago and wore it out . It was one of my favorites . They had a great sound and great lyrics .
 Some of the greatest music and vocals ever recorded . I have loved this album since I first bought it.I have owned several copies of this LP and have completely worn all of them out ! I was happy to see it available here , but alas , after nearly 5 months wait I have been informed it is no longer avaiable . I sure would like to get a copy !!
 If you took Firefall , Seals and Crofts and Orleans put them into the same studio you would have the same general sound and feeling this album generates . The title track `` Smoke from a Distant Fire '' , is an upbeat tune which tells the story of love rejected and illustrates the old saying `` What goes around , comes around '' . Nothing violent or anything of that nature , more simply stated the grass is not always greener on the other side . When this song came out in the mid-70 's the title track got very little airtime which is a shame as it is truly a remarable tune.The rest of the album is far from disappointing . The track `` Oriental Gate '' is another moving tune that will have you wondering why did n't a tune of this caliber did n't get any airplay . The rest of the CD does not disappoint , a collage of rock , classical influence , outstanding vocals and lyrics makes this one a must have.This is one of those rare albums that has and will stand the test of time.I have waited 20 years for this to reissue and it sounds even better the second time around .
 PUR remains a huge sucess in Germany and ought to be equally smashing in the States as well . The band combines well-crafted melodies with heartfelt lyrics , focusing on timeless themes like love , world peace , and overcoming personal difficulties . There are even a few interesting references to the great war . This album packs in lots of cheerful songs , with favorites being `` Hoer Gut Zu '' and `` Heimlich '' . Klasse !
 I just love PUR , they have great songs . I am glad that I could get them here in the US . I am German , so I do understand all the words , what makes a different too . Danke , PUR , fuer Eure grossartige Musik .
 This is definetely the best PUR CD ever , but I 've to add that the lyrics of this band are very important and if you do n't understand them , you 'd like it much less . I do n't say anything against the music with that , but the words have at least the same importance .
 If you have lived in Germany , you would have heard about PUR . Their music is catchy with great lyrics and very easy to listen to - even my children -LRB- young and do not speak German -RRB- love the music . You do not have to understand a word of German to enjoy this CD and any one of their CD 's . Best track in my opinion on this CD has got to be '' Hor Gut Zu ''
 If you know German , the lyrics are very inspiring , if you do n't , this album is a great way to learn ! PUR is one of the best CDs in my collection ; the music is fantastic ! PUR should be sold in every music store here in the U.S.
 If you know German , the lyrics are very inspiring . If you do n't , this album is a great way to learn German ! Not to forget the music is FANTASTIC ! PUR should be sold here in the USA on all music store shelves !
 As a fan of the German language , I enjoied this CD because it provided a chance to improve language skills while also listening to great music , with a nice , upbeat tempo , and the lyrics do make you think . The songs are of relavant topics , and really do hit home . I loved the CD , and I hope Pur becomes more popular in the States , their music is great .
 It took them nearly a full decade , but the Hollies finally peaked with this one.With the return of one Allan Clarke , the Hollies recorded what is in my opinion their top album ever.Not a bad song in the lot.Even the bonus tracks are exceptional.An absolute must for all fans of this greatly underated band .
 Great CD , this a collection of new tunes for 1975 , i had this on cassette and finally got it on CD format , had to get an import to get it but it does include some extra tunes compared to the original '75 release . Allan Clarke sounds as good as ever and The harmonies are awesome . . Hey I 'm 55 but i still love the old rock with the new stuff . Ca n't beat the Hollies for bringing back the memories . If you like the Hollies you will like these songs , some are on the 30 year collection some are not bottom line GREAT CD !!!!!!!!! Yo Hollies how about a reunion with Allen Clarke
 In retrospect this could be the best ever non-greatest hits Hollies CD . If it is n't it comes pretty close . This remastered addition adds great sound quality and bonus tracks . This CD was the first release of the recently reunited Hollies with Allan Clarke . Its obvious that both sides were energized and happy with the reunion . At this time the various members of the Hollies were writing separately . What they lacked in writing unity was offset by the great songs that Clarke brought back to the band including Curly Billy and Do n't Let Me Down . Obviously , without the reunion these songs would have landed on an Allan Clarke solo release . Clearly , Clarke brought back to the band his `` A-list '' of material -LRB- this is also confirmed by the lack of strong Clarke originals on subsequent solo releases until the late 70 's -RRB- . Listening to these songs today they all hold up very well . I was somewhat surprised at how fresh they sounded . Besides the previously mentioned Clarke orginals , I love `` Falling , Calling '' , `` Out on the Road '' , `` Down on the Run '' and `` Its a Shame , its a Game '' . And then there is the huge hit , `` The Air That I Breathe '' . Simply one of the most beautiful recordings ever by an band . The brilliance of this song I feel has lead to some under-appreciation of this entire CD . Give this CD another listen -LRB- especially in this new remastered version -RRB- . Too often the success of Hollies singles has lead people to believe they did n't make fine albums . This one is a great example of that .
 First of all , WHY OH WHY did the band have to simply title this album `` The Hollies ? '' Are you kidding ? It takes * forever * to find it on amazon . The Hollies should have known that 35 years later people would have trouble finding this album in a search engine . : -RRB- The music featured on this album is pretty solid -LRB- like always -RRB- . Perhaps the songwriting is a bit more predictable than usual though . In fact this may have been the first sign the band was beginning to lose steam after being such a pop-oriented harmonic powerhouse throughout the late 60 's . Got ta give the band a ton of credit for trying to pull it together and carry over the same kind of success for another decade , though . `` The Air That I Breathe '' is the big hit obviously , and you can see why - it 's an incredibly sappy , melodic , and bombastic rock ballad . I still love it to pieces though . Should I feel guilty for enjoying a song like this ? Since I 'm a grown man ? NO ! And I * do n't * feel guilty at all either . `` Falling Calling '' just seems predictably written ... by the Hollies high standards of course . It 's enjoyable but it 's definitely missing * something * . It 's missing that high level of quality songwriting , that 's what.Other moments , such as on `` Rubber Lucy '' the band feels like they were trying too hard to write something brilliant , and fell just short . Yes it 's definitely a good song , but it drives me crazy sometimes when I hear it because I just KNOW it could have been even better had the band shown more determination when writing this material . I still definitely enjoy it , though.Then again , a song like `` Do n't Let Me Down '' almost brings me tears . The lead singer is really darn emotional sometimes.Check out 60 's Hollies first , and if you 're really thrilled with that , by all means progress to the 70 's stuff . It 's not at the same amazing level of quality , but it 's good enough to recommend a purchase .
 Based on the recommendation of a friend , I bought this when it came out in 1974 . It was an odd choice , because though I 'd been weined on the British Invasion I 'd really left it behind , and had n't listened to my two Hollies LPs in years . I do n't know what I expected , but I know I was pleasantly surprised . The production was crisp , the songs were strong , and the vocals were maybe the best sounding Hollies vocals ever , before or since . Ron Richards -LRB- the producer -RRB- was in top form and so were the Hollies.I could have given this album five stars , but I really reserve that for what I consider to be classic albums ... Rubber Soul , Pet Sounds , Blonde On Blonde , Who 's Next , etc. . This album just does n't quite achieve classic status , but is a consistant , enjoyable listen . No rough edges , no obviously inferior material , certainly no throwaways , and several real gems . The Air That I Breath is a classic , and Do n't Let Me Down , Curly Billy and Shame It 's a Game are great fun . It 's very atmospheric quality makes it a great listen on a good stereo . I have n't heard the remaster , but my old LP still sounds awesome !
 This one was the bands best release of the 70 's . After this they put out some fine discs ` another night ' , ' a crazy steal ' etc but this was more rock orientated than those fine ones which are more pop rocky perhaps . I still think those others were good though . This one though is so solid as a rock n roll cd that it 's heads above what came after . At this point they sounded as competitive with any rock band out there . It has the hit 's ` out on the road ' and the huge hit ' the air that I breathe ` that is still a fantastic workout in vocal ability .
 I read the other reviews of this item , and I 'm totally lost . I had this on original vinyl and absolutely LOVED it , and some of the tracks mentioned in the first review did NOT exist on the original LP , which was correctly issued in 1974 . I consider this LP to be one of the best the Hollies ever did , as it showcased the musical style they developed far better than most of their previous work , which sometimes included covers of other persons ' material . True , it 's not the stuff one may expect , if they consistantly think of the Hollies as doing only songs like Stop , Stop , Stop , or Carrie Anne , but I doubt anyone could honestly say this LP/CD is not one of their best .
 Great album here in Brazil &#34; do n't let down was a big hit , fine remasterA disccovery to me nice songs in only one album and the extras tooA classic it worth a money paid .
 This self-titled effort from the British band offers their masterful harmonies on an eleven track album.The trio of Allan Clarke , Tony Hicks and Terry Sylvester share most of the compositions , with the exception of the album 's biggest hit , THE AIR THAT I BREATHE , written by Albert Hammond.The only real misstep is the obvious LONG COOL WOMAN clone , THE DAY CURLY BILLY SHOT DOWN CRAZY SAM MCGEE , which even copies LCW 's opening guitar riff . However , the remaining tracks offer enjoyable examples of the Hollies vocal and musical expertise.In addition to the aforementioned AIR , I like the airy mystique of PICK UP THE PIECES , the harmonic rock of IT 'S A SHAME IT 'S A GAME , TRANSATLANTIC WESTBOUND JET , and DO N'T LET ME DOWN . Ballad-wise , DO N'T LET ME DOWN is sharp and the 50ish doo-wop sound of LOVE MAKES THE WORLD GO ROUND is a nice change of pace.Overall , an enjoyableslice of 70s pop .
 I did n't think much of this album when I first got it and listened to it , but after a couple of listens , I really liked it . In fact , it 's probably one of my favourite Hollies albums . I usually listen to my music on my ipod or my itunes on shuffle , and whenever I hear a Hollies song that I do n't really know but I really like what I hear , it 's usually from this album . So I would definitely recommend it even if you are not a hard-core Hollies fan !!
 Amazon 's review is wrong ; this 1974 LP often gets confused with their 1965 LP , mainly because they are both simply titled `` Hollies '' . This one is the band 's reunion LP with Allan Clarke , and is one of their best from the '70s , with delightful tunes such `` Falling Calling '' and `` Down on the Run '' , both featuring harmonica . Why this LP only generated one hit , `` The Air that I Breathe '' is a mystery ; everything here is equally commercial-sounding . Unfortunately , the happy atmosphere here was short-lived , as the albums that followed were workmanlike affairs , with a general lack of musical direction . No matter ; The Hollies are one of the great pop bands , and this is one of their best moments .
 If you are a Hollies fan this is worth the money . There were a couple of bonus -LRB- rare -RRB- tracks of their recorded music that are not on their older albums . I was looking for a song called ` Hillsborough ' -LRB- beautifully sung -RRB- and it is on this album . If you had purchased this album years earlier when it was first released this song was not on it . The song ` The Air That I Breathe ' and ` Love Is The Things ' are classics . I am happy with my purchase . Patti Ochoa
 THIS DUDE JUST BOUGHT A BROADWAY SERIES FROM THE FERGUSON CENTER IN NEWPORT NEWS . WHAT A CLASSY FREAKIN ' DUDE . CLASSY . FREAKIN ' . DUDE.YEA-UH.PS - MY SEED FTW
 This is a truly beautiful music , it is indeed `` enyasque '' but Enam have manage to create music of his own , the music in this CD is moving , some songs are joyful another are meditative , others are reflective , from the beginning to the end this CD will capture you and your imagination , and will make you dream.A great CD , all the music have a lot of lush arrangements and multi-layered vocal textures and instrumentations , some songs are in English , others seems to allow the voice of Enam melt with the music with heavenly harmonies.I 'll love that the CD - The CD booklet had the lyrics of all the songs and maybe more pictures of Enam , the absence of pictures gives a mysterious touch , but it will be great that each song have the lyrics or the explanation that is instrumental and lyrics , or instrumental with fictitious language.Anyway , this CD is a great buy , and all the fans of great music will love it , it is spiritual and meditative , glorious and exalted , mysterious and joyful , meditative and full of magic and dreams .
 Celtic music has always been one of my favorite genres of music . After listening to Enam 's first CD for years , I finally was able to listen to his second CD and was moved . His sophisticated touch to his songs have risen to another level and was taken by surprise . Compared to his first CD , his music has become more `` emotional '' and deep to the point that it reaches the heart . The varieties of instruments have not changed and the soundscape of his work is simply moving .
 This artist is very mystic , his music is very sophisticated and has medieval influences , those who love Enya 's music will find that Enam 's music is very similar in some passages but with male voices .
 I love this album . Just when you think you 've heard everything in the Celtic meme , along comes a CD like this that is new and exciting .
 I purchased this CD nearly two years ago , and I did n't especially like it at first , except for the beautiful photographs of Beltran on the cover and sleeves . The CD has grown on me with time , however . Two songs on the disc are absolute powerhouses . The music and Beltran 's voice are so uplifting and the messages so optimistic that they can only lift one 's spirits . These songs are `` Y Me Volvi a Enamorar '' and `` Robame Un Beso '' . `` Y Me Volvi a Enamorar '' is a powerful medium-paced tune that is one of the best examples of Beltran 's signature style
 YO SOY UNA DE LAS FANS DE GRACIELA BELTRAN APESAR DE SER FAMOSA ES MUY SENCILLA TIENE UN CARACTER MUY BUENO.LES RECOMIENDO ESTE DISCO Y TODOS LOS DEMAS DISCOS QUE A GRABADO PORQUE ESTA MUCHACHA SI TIENE VOZ PARA CANTAR CUALQUIER CLASE DE MUSICA.YO E PLATICADO CON ELLA Y E IDO A TOCADAS CON ELLA Y BANDA LA MOVIDA QUE SON MUY GRANDES AMIGOS MIOS TAMBIEN LES RECOMIENDO LOS DISCOS DE BANDA LA MOVIDA .
 i have so much to say about this album - first of all it is genius ! i do n't mean to exaggerate when i said that this was a tropical-style album - it 's really not completely tropical - it is definitely Banda . However , it is has many hints of tropical music in it such as reed instruments and percussion - its banda with a modern twist - i love it ! my favorite songs on this album are
 Wooly Wolstenholme was THE major component of Barclay James Harvest 's symphonic prog/pop years . While his solo output , as Maestoso , has been hit and miss , most albums include a few gems . Wooly suffered from severe depression , and you can feel the pain in his lyrics . However , the several hauntingly beautiful tracks remind us of the wonderful music he left behind . Rest in peace , Wooly . You are loved and missed ! A must for fans of early BJH .
 Lovely album . If you enjoy Steve Hackett 's last 2 albums , I 'd wager this 'll do ya fine .
 It was n't until the LP era and then the advent of stereo that oepra came to be realistically recorded . You 'll need tolerance to listen to these 1947 excerpts from Ariadne auf Naxos and Elektra under Beecham , but if you can get past the boxy sound and occasional microphone distortion , these are glorious recordings . Beecham had just held a Strauss festival in London , a great celebration of the 85-year-old composer , who came out of exile to attend -LRB- taking the first airplane ride of his life -RRB- and even conducted a performance of his Sinfonia Domestica.There are great Strauss singers like Maria Cebotari and Ljuba Welitsch to be heard here , and no one is less than good -- most of them came from the company of the Vienna State Opera -- but it 's Beecham 's show musically . He proves himself to be a committed , warm-hearted Straussian . No wonder , since he premiered Elektra , Salome , and Rosenkavalier in London . I wish the sound were better ; it 's dim even by the standards of the time . But the surfaces are completley silent , and after a period of adjustment I found it easy to get into the prevailing spirit of the venture , which is both intense and joyous .
 Hilde Guden was a lyric-coloratura soprano in the Viennese style . Her bright sweet voice was perfectly suited to the soubrette roles of Mozart , Richard Strauss and German opretta-the latter featured here . `` Auftritt der Mariza '' an intense and haunting aria sung with warmth and spirit . `` Nun 's Chorus '' from Casanova . A slow reverent piece . She reveals a rich and expressive voice.Fruhlingsstimmen-one of my favorites . She displays clean trills and moves gracefully to the higher notes.Dorfschwalben aus Osterreich . Again a rich and agile voice . She crowns the aria with a dazzling High E-flat . Depuis le jour . A beautiful aria smoothly sung.So if you 're just discovering Hilde Guden , this would be a good place to start . Be sure to hear her interpretations of Daphne , Zerbinetta , Gilda and Sophie too.Five Stars .
 Shows a sense of creativity with sound effects that reveals the artist 's ability to be in touch with todays concerns . Loved the Twist !
 A new wave . The strongest part that brings you back , is the creative flair of the music . The music can stand by itself . Just really cool , float me away .
 Justin Hale is difficult to explain , the reason is that they are so unique - there is NOTHING to compare them to . An amalgam of so many styles of music , it is truly amazing . The lyrics are meaningful and worth a very close listening . If you are tired of hearing the same styles and same lyrics over and over you should take a breath of fresh air with Justin Hale .
 Justin Hale , a new take on hip hop , rock , soul and something else you cant put your finger on . It 's definately Supahot , pay attention to Julian Whisperlinks lyrical stylings , he 's got a great deal of intelligent , well thought out tongue twistery to leave you misty eyed and a little surprised . The key to the lock , Matt Rock , stomps down the beats and the rhyme path with something more than class . These guys are a live band , no samples , no programing , you must see them live when they come to your town it will change your mind about music .
 This cd is in my all time Top 10 list of best albums ever made . How Hall & Oates got all the glory I 'll never understand -LRB- probably because they came out first -RRB- . The selection of songs on this cd are all excellent , any of which should have and could have been a hit like '' Smoke From A Distant Fire '' , if given the opportunity . The vocals are pure and crisp and the production is first rate . One can only hope that the album `` Nail Me To The Wall '' will be made available on cd too , to complete the collection . Try it , buy it . You 'll Love It .
 Those familiar with the dearly departed Miracle Legion -LRB- poster boys for the `` Should Have Been A Household Name Foundation '' -RRB- and the under-rated Upstate New York Americana-rockers Subduing Mara will find this little release to be a pleasant surprise . Sparse , intimate and demo-ish -LRB- in the best of all possible ways -RRB- , Mara frontman Peter Hutchison and the Legion 's legendary Mr. Ray have combined efforts to create a casual and intimate folk-rock gem . Difficult to catagorize , this short-but-sweet offering is reminiscent of everything from David Gray to Supertramp to `` Me & Mr. Ray '' era Miracle Legion . Although the disc credits Hutchison with the songwriting , Mr. Ray 's Legion-flavored 6-string sonic stamp is readily apparent throughout . Despite the fact that it 's a far from perfect disc -LRB- `` Promise '' for instance , sounds like an exercise in `` we better put a pop song somewhere on this thing '' -RRB- , `` exquisite corpse '' has a distinctly unique character , and is both beatific and quirky in turn . Unfortunately for Lucas Shine , this record defies being shoved into any convenient little boxes for the sake of marketing . Fortunately for the rest of us , however , there are people still out there making this kind of music ... hopefully we 'll hear more from these folks down the line .
 Awesome music ! I have bought this as a gift for several people . I absolutely love the Word of God in song ; it just pours into your spirit . I wish this series of CDs was still actively in print . I 've had all four for a few years and they still remain in my top favorites .
 You can not go wrong when you are putting God 's Word to music . This makes memorizing Scripture as easy as breathing ... I want more ! Well done . I 've bought it three times now to share with friends . It is an edifying gift and a portable sanctuary for me .
 This album is brilliant . All the lyrics are taken directly from scripture , and I find this album parked in my CD player in my car -LRB- and played on my iPod -RRB- often.I highly recommend this album.My only complaint is that the album is too short -LRB- 53 minutes -RRB- .
 This disc contains Ornette Coleman 's pioneering 37-minute ` Free Jazz ' PLUS 40 minutes of shorter pieces recorded in the same year . So for a little less money than the American release of ` Free Jazz ' you get about twice as much music , and the title track is the final piece , a fitting climax to a great set of music . That said , the jazz on this disc may be more challenging than some listeners would like , but among the extended collective improvisations of the sixties , besides being the first , this one is more immediately accessible , because it SWINGS and it COOKS ! And you can tell the musicians are actively listening to each other and responding to each other 's work , not just showing off or venting their emotions . So in a nutshell , ` Free Jazz ' is less cosmic than Sun Ra 's ` Magic City ' , less cerebral than Cecil Taylor , and less primal than Coltrane 's ` Ascension ' , but probably more likely to hook you into an intensely brilliant musical world .
 I picked this cd up @ the markets for a very reasonable sum , having only heard FREE JAZZ itself before but had been immersing myself in that & was flabbergasted to see that as merely 1 track -LSB- all 37 minutes of it -RSB- on this collection of material from 1960 , & decided it was very much worth the purchase + I could see what his regular songs sounded like . The packaging looked slightly ` unofficial ' , a multicoloured drawing of the man & his sax & obnoxious writing over it . I love Revolving Doors where you can picture Ornette running about the city w / a briefcase in a mad rush . I tried to find out what albums this & tunes like Rise & Shine were from only to find most of them were previously unreleased until the 1993 box set Beauty Is A Rare Thing & it would be very tempting to invest/indulge in that set which this would then seem to be a sampler of . There are liner notes giving a timeline of Ornette 's life from being born in Forth Worth , Texas in 1930 to having his instruments damaged by angry crowds in 1950 who could n't handle his playing to heralding a new era w / his avant-garde stylings . It goes on to say nowadays he is accepted & the music not too controversial , well this is hardly true when you play it & find ignorant idiots commenting `` oh is that Lisa Simpson & friends ? haha '' . The reason these comments annoy me is because Ornette Coleman is a true artist w / a vision & the ability to craft something beautiful & unique , here being helped by players such as Don Cherry , Eric Dolphy , Freddie Hubbard & more . This music comes thoroughly recommended from me & as another Ornette fan Captain Beefheart said `` IF YOU GOT EARS , YOU GOT TA LISTEN ! '' .
 Mannnn this boy be wreckin , Big Steve from the Woss Ness , RIP man , why do all the good rappers got ta die man , and all the crappy ones still around puttin out wack albums . Get this fa sho , if you from h-town , u already know , and if u dont , u a busta !
 Maaaaaaan . This cd bring back some good memories . Every track go FED . Im not sure who chopped and screwed it but i give that version a 3 out of 5 stars ... its aight ... damn sure aint no DJ . Screw . All in all this cd is jammin and i recommend you buy it if you know anything about REAL rap music .
 Hartmut Engler and his band - recorded live during the `` Abenteuerland-Tour 1996 ! '' . It is their second Live-CD . Pur from Southern Germany and some of their best songs such as
 Not everybody 's taste perhaps and virtually unknown , or so it seems , outside of Germany where their increasingly rare concerts are a sell-out . Pur is easy listening European music.Well worth trying - this recording replaces one stolen from my car a year or two ago and I 'm delighted to have it back
 I absolutely love this CD . My children do n't speak German , but they love it too . The music is catchy . The lyrics are fun . My daughter loves `` Indianer '' . We especially love to chant with the audience . And when I first heard the live version of `` Ich lieb ' dich '' I was jumping up and down and dancing around my kitchen like I was at the concert . Thank you , Marko , for sending this wonderful CD to me !
 A great band with music that makes sense ! Although I am a new fan I was taken with the music from song 1 ! A German group with music in German lirics and a great music .
 I love this CD my favorite songs are Jiggalaters , Get Loose and all they do is Jig . This is a BIG hit in the Dirty South !
 If you 're into up , dynamic , very now , dance and party music , this CD is for you . I highly recommend it . You will not be disappointed . By an extra one for a friend .
 do n't blive the random guy up there i have heard it it 's have great songs and the d.j vir is very cool buy it and u 'll see .
 I found this cd to be stimulating , bringing back alot of fond past memories of the Probe , L.A. and the Saint , N.Y. and The Troc , San Francisco ! It 's fun , it 's fast , it 's upbeat and it wreaks of inspiration and to `` Carry On '' !
 One of the best high energy dance CD to come in years . Some of today 's most known artists performing incredoible remixes of already wonderful songs like Madonna and Janet Jackson . It is impossible to lay this CD and not move .
 I loved this CD . The array of amazing artists , who gave their hit re-mixed singles for AIDS charities , remind us of just how human these mega stars are . Centaur Entertainment please continue to produce quality complilations and `` thank you '' for being compassionate .
 While everyone knows its impossible to count the number of angels that can fit -LRB- or dance -RRB- on the head of a pin , it is possible to name a few , and this CD has none that we would exclude . If you like good , fun , make you smile dance music go no further . Thanks Centaur and Julian Marsh , you 've done it again !!!
 There are a ton of dance CDs companies out there , pumping out CDs with like one good song of them and the rest of the CD is stuff you 've never heard which stinks . I got Release I , Centaur Music 's first Cd like two years ago , and quickly realized this was something different . -LRB- loved that CD , and ever since I have gotten everything they released . I have found the quality to be very consistent . Every song on their CDs is a hit . the mixes are by the top Djs . Their `` looking at You '' CD SunScream remixed , is probably my favorite album in my collection . This latest release is consistent with the quality standard they have set . Check it out for yourself .
 I thought this CD was excellant ! It brought mainstream songs into the dance era . If you can take Barry Manilow and make him into a dance diva you got a hit ... and you do !
 GREAT GREAT GREAT !!!! LOVE this CD ! Puts a smile on ones face : -RRB-
 My partner had the CD for a while ; just popped it in the player , and it 's awesome ! Some of the songs are n't sung by the original artist , but it sounds 99 % like it was ! Totally worth the purchase even 4 years after its been released !
 This CD gets two stars for the good intentions and two for a couple good songs , but not worthy of five stars . I hate to be critical of charity efforts , but it just does n't have that extra spark . None of the mixes especially strike me as really creative or original . I do love the dance version of Barry Manilow 's `` Could It Be Magic '' and Sting 's `` Let Your Soul Be Your Pilot '' , and a couple other songs are worth a listen , but there are other CD 's that I like better . For a great CD with some cool mixes that just blend together like you would n't believe , try Fire Island Classics -LRB- I like # 1 best -RRB- . For party music , the oddly-titled `` Gay Dancing '' is a really great mix of familiar songs . Dance with Angels is all well-known names and some great songs , but again , the mix just does n't do much for me as a dance mix .
 A GREAT CD FOR A VALUED CAUSE ... the tunes are great for working , driving or etc. ... . around the house.Give it a chance ... it will grow on you ! it did on me!Peace !
 Great CD . At an after-hours party in Boston , the crowd loved it . Madonna with Manilow , What 's going on , and others . Centaur Records with another great release ! Keep them coming . The CD stores in Boston say their CDs are consistently the best sellers , and that 's the reason they 're always sold out .
 I was quite mpressed over the selections chosen for this benefit CD . All y favorites and some surprises as with Cyndi Lauper 's `` Whats going on '' . The best remake in history . All songs bring backt he fondest memories .
 Centaur has done it again . This album is another amazing collection of very dancable songs that move you at the level of the soul .
 Centaur Entertainment and DJ Julian Marsh have done it again ! Dances with Angels features artists who have not only shaped the dance music arena , but who have a strong sense of social responsiblity . With 100 % of the proceeds of CD sales going to AIDS service organizations , it 's clear why Modonna , Janet Jackson and others became involved in the project . The songs have been carefully selected and all send a message about loving yourself and loving those you choose to include in your life . Let Your Soul be Your Guide , Heaven 's What I Feel and Something to Believe in are just a few of the titles that show the depth of heart of those involved in the Dances With Angeles Project . Do yourself a favor and give this one a try - you will not be disappointed .
 A very good CD that keeps you dancing while the proceeds go to a great cause ! A must have for your CD collection .
 I am not one for writing reviews . Just in it for the music . Dance With Angels is FANTASTIC ! You pass on this CD and it is your loss .
 `` Waylon Jennings Starts Here '' , is the theme of this box-set from Bear Family in Germany.Through unheard demo recordings , unreleased songs , finished tracks , and even a few commercials , we see the start of a historical carrer in modern music . Unlike other career retrospectives , this set alone does not attempt to summarize Waylon 's career . Nor does its companion set `` The Journey
 I 'm such a Waylon fan from way back ... first time I ever heard a song of his I was blown away . This collection is such a rare find and I 'm so happy . I now have two complete sets and all that is missing are some of the songs recorded on his early vinyl record recordings . My hope is that one day they will be remastered on disc.This is great and thanks to the producers who put together this compilation of Waylon tunes for all of his fans to enjoy . Love Love Love it ... the entire set ... there is no such song as a bad Waylon song ... He is , was and always will be my idol in Outlaw Music.Long Live Waylon 's MusicMilly , Mississauga , Ontario , Canada
 I have n't listened to Poe 's previous record `` the late album '' for a while , but remember it evoking what its title suggests ... an album meant to be listened to in the late hours . That album always made me think of a sexy , dimly lit , late night lounge with a jazzy band playing in the shadows , where most people were too absorbed in their own paramours to pay much attention to the music . The opening track of `` Love is red '' starts where `` the late album '' left off , with that same , smoky , moody feel . But then , something totally different happens . As the record progresses , Poe gets into a wicked , mildly psychedelic groove that recalls nothing so much as Nirvana 's final live show `` MTV unplugged in New York '' which was recorded just weeks before Cobain 's untimely demise . That show was a departure for Nirvana , in that they deconstructed their own songs , turning them into intense , more quiet psychedelic songs instead of the loud , feedback riddled electric feel of the originals . On `` love is red '' , Poe 's voice sounds eerily similar to Cobain 's on several of the tracks . `` The late album '' was great for certain moods . `` Love is red '' , on the other hand , is an album you can groove on anytime , and on balance , is a much better record than its predecessor -LRB- unless , of course , lounge jazz is your thing -RRB- . One can only hope this new direction is a sign of things to come from Poe .
 That description may be a tad dramatic , but it 's a good summary of this guy Poe 's music . Lyrically he comes from the wry sardonic tradition of Richard Thompson and Warren Zevon , but musically the sound also draws from David Sylvian and Morphine with touches of Nick Drake -LRB- a blend that 's perfectly suited to his velvety voice -RRB- . Wrap all those influences into a smoky/mellow acoustic brew that remains intelligent and avoids sounding derivative , serve chilled with a tasteful cham-PAN-ya , and you 've got Love Is Red . This disc is missing the fun & laughs of a live DP show , but otherwise it 's got the same warm intimate feeling down pat . . and it 's his finest album yet.It does leave one wishing for more - a couple songs are repeated from past albums and the whole still does n't pass 35 minutes - but it 's all solid from start to finish . The tunes sit somewhere between smooth jazz -LRB- I mean ` smooth ' a-la Miles , not the laughable Kenny Gs that have given the term a bad name -RRB- and soft pop , with other subtle touches such as the Spanish-tinged title track . The production is perfectly understated ; some backing bass and drums is really all that 's needed . The lyrics are subtly witty and the whole experience is an alluring treat for folks of almost all musical tastes . It 's a beautiful disc you can play around your spouse , your friends or your parents . Here 's hoping his next album -LRB- which he says will be `` a record about God and porn '' -RRB- does n't take another four years to see the light of day . . or more likely the dim-lit glow of night .
 In an age of downloading just the `` good '' song or two off a CD , David Poe 's LOVE IS RED is the delightful exception . Pour yourself a glass of rare red wine , sit back and you 'll never have to hit the ` skip ' button once . There 's not a bad song in the bunch . Granted , you have to be in a mellow mood - it 's not `` party '' music ... unless it 's a relaxed dinner party with your favorite friends.First single `` So Beautiful '' and title song `` Love is Red '' are personal favorites , but `` Wilderness '' begins to haunt you after a few listens too . `` You 're the Bomb '' is just brilliant in it 's metaphors and ability to recreate the feel of an old `` standard '' . Tony Bennett eat your heart out!If you have been lucky enough to see David Poe live , you know how incredibly seductive his voice can be . You will be amazed how well that quality comes through on this CD . If you have n't seen Poe live yet , you do n't know what you 're missing ! Go to www.davidpoe.com find out where he 's playing and GO ! Until then get this CD and enjoy it again and again .
 I 've been lucky to see David Poe perform solo and with his band , at various venues in Philly and at the fabulous Living Room in NYC . This third record captures the spark of his live performances , where his obvious glee for having his co-conspirators on stage transforms him from singer-songwriter into rock star.Playing with longtime collaborators Sim Cain and John Abbey provides Poe a richer sound than when he 's solo . The veterans know when to rock out and when to support Poe 's gift-from-God voice and acoustic guitar . They are a stitch in between songs as well.I 'm eagerly awaiting his fourth effort . He 's a joy to listen to .
 I was lucky that a very special friend introduced me to this very special music 2 years ago.We were listening to David 's music during all of our holidays which we spent on the east coast.Whenever I listen to the songs vivid memories of sunny days at the beach , amusing evenings in bars , funny car rides and spiritual kinship are flashing my mind.I can promise that I would have missed something very important in my life if I had never heard Poe 's music.Buy this record .
 I first listened to this CD one early morning/late night in my bed on my personal player . I was immediately transported to some small smoky intimate cafe from the first three songs . As time went on , I saw many images and was blown away by David Poe 's voice ... I do n't know why his music gave me the same emotions as when I listened to Jeff Buckley 's `` Grace . '' Their music definitely different but they both have some intensity , however Jeff more strongly than David . Buy this album and be blown away -LRB- the lyrics to Love is Red is biographic for me -RRB- and be wrapped up in delightful strong imagery .
 I was introduced to David Poe via a in-studio webcast on KCRW and was captivated enough to purchase Love is Red . Last night I was lucky enough to find used copies of `` David Poe '' and `` The Late Album '' and immediately bought them . Imagine my surprise when upon listening to them I find that four songs from Love is Red are taken from Poe 's first two albums -LRB- Moon , Settlement , You 're the Bomb , Love Wo n't Last the Afternoon -RRB- . I think these are fantastic songs , but is it fair to fans to promote this as new music ? Taking those songs away would have left a very nice , but much shorter , recording . I guess perhaps the way to look at it is that I am being reminded of some very expertly crafted songs that I really enjoy .
 `` Sliver
 Kurt Cobain is Kurt Cobain , and I 'm sorry if anyone disagrees with me but that is enough to give him five stars out of the gate . I would pay twenty bucks to hear the man sing the alphabet . And to a degree that is kind of what this album is . In case there are fans out there that are unfamiliar with the box set , `` With the lights out '' it was a collection of rehearsels and rough demos that Nirvana had accumulated over the years . The audio was extremely rough , but worth every penny . What this album is is basically taking the best of the best and repackaging them into a 22 song format.Now , as a reviewer I feel that it is my responsibility to be honest . I love Nirvana more then should be humanly possible , but I was still a little dissapointed with this disc . For months I 've heard hype about how this disc would have two new songs , and I was lead to believe that they would be of the same caliber that `` you know you 're right '' was on the greatest hits disc . Not so . `` Sappy '' sounds decent , and is a very good song , in fact it could stand to be a good `` new '' song , if I have n't had it on CD for about three years now . -LRB- It comes on a B-side disc with the track `` Laundry room '' a great song that for some damn reason has n't made it onto any of these albums , wonder why ? -RRB- The `` come as you are '' demo is cool for the first couple of run throughs but is n't amazing . What this release basically comes down to is this . THIS IS NOT A GREATEST HITS CD ! The songs DO NOT SOUND LIKE THEY DID ON NEVERMIND , INCESTISCIDE , BLEACH , OR IN UTERO.There for casual radio fans of Nirvana need not apply to this release . This is a cd for the die hards , the ones like me who can get by the rough edge of the recordings and hear the talent that Cobain had . If you think you can do that , and do n't have `` With the lights out '' then you should get this as soon as you can.Finally I must say this , Cobain was a legend . Nirvana were musical saviors . So STOP ! releasing albums like this for just the die hards . If somewhere in a vault there are tracks from the Nirvana album that never got finished because Kurt died , then mix those tracks and release them on an Ep , if they do n't exist , then stop doing this to great music . Kurt would turn in his grave to know that his demos were being constantly regurgitated onto different discs so a group of suits can make as much cash as possible off of Nirvana . And the sad thing is that it will take awhile before that formula fails , because Nirvana meant so much to so many people , and they will contiuosly poor money into Nirvana in order to feel that connection again . And taking finnancial advantage of people like that is wrong . So please , just let the legend rest and do n't taint people 's view of Nirvna by releasing numerous DEMO discs.Thank you for your time .
 This album is meant for big Nirvana fans . You should only buy this if you do n't want to shell out $ 40 for the box set -LRB- hardcore fans can just get the three new songs off iTunes or Napster -RRB- . This CD decently selects the best songs of With The Lights Out . But every fan has their favourites off the box set , and every person has a different `` best of the box '' for themselves . I thought the demo of `` Dumb '' and `` Drain You '' should have been on here.The new songs are pretty good too . `` Spank Thru '' gives a taster of the earliest Nirvana demo -LRB- Kurdt was the only real member in that version -RRB- . Kurt 's vocals are pretty funny , and it sounds a lot better than the live version on `` Wishkah '' . The demo of `` Sappy '' is very good . Most say its sloppy , but it 's pulled off very nicely . The boombox version of `` Come as You Are '' is a bit too similar to the studio version . They should have put on an earlier demo of it.A strong album overall , but could have used improvement . Only buy this if you do n't want to shell out $ 40 for the real box set .
 I think that this is a good cd of Nirvana there maybe some tape hiss on the CD but who cares its better than spending 100 bucks on the box set anyways i think this is a good CD think of it as kind of the best of the bootlegs nirvana really . Plus it includes the rare Spank Thru song from the fecal matter tape . Its a good cd for someone who wants to hear these songs but dosent want to buy the box set . Great CD !!!
 Nirvana is Nirvana . Ca n't go wrong . This CD is great for light to casual fans to get a taste of what the demos and home recordings and other alt versions of songs were all about . If you 've got the box set the only thing that 's new here are 3 tracks . Also , a little while ago Nirvana finally put out a greatest hits album featuring `` you know you are right '' . So consider this album to continue that vein . I know , it must suck if you 're a hardcore fan that shelled out money for the box set to get a repeat of that for JUST 3 songs . Like the greatest hits , this is good if you just want one CD to carry around thats got a good selection from Nirvana 's career .
 As a long time Nirvana fan , I love this album . Some actual songs , some rough demos , some grainy recordings , all pure Nirvana . If you 're just getting into them , or a part time fan then this is not the album for you , but it is a must for all Nirvana fans .
 The GoodI enjoyed how everything used for this compilation was chronological . For the most part , people did n't really know much about Nirvana 's music pre-Nevermind . I am one of those people , so I really did n't get into this disc until after a few songs . The home demo of `` About a Girl '' is very soft , but still enjoyable because it 's nice to make the comparison to the final product . `` Blandest '' is a studio demo that has a killer riff and is perhaps on of the heaviest tracks I 've heard from the group . `` Ai n't It a Shame '' has a punk meets rockabilly feel to and really shows the flexibility of the group . I would have never thought they were capable of this . `` Sappy '' is a studio demo exclusive to this collection . It 's very muddy and melancholy like most of their material . Even though the home demo of `` Sliver '' is raw and stripped down , it still manages to draw you in . If you did n't already know , `` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' had come a long way before its final inception . The lyrics were different in some parts and so was the instrumentation.The main riff was also slightly different on `` Come As You Are '' . I thought it was cool that they 've included both the home and studio versions of `` Rape Me '' , so you can hear for yourself the changes . I do n't get the baby crying in the background of the studio version . The `` Heart Shaped Box '' demo does n't differ much from the original except a few lyrical differences.The BadI 'd be a little pissed if I shelled out $ 50 for the box set , and then found out there were tow new unreleased songs on this CD ; thus forcing collectors to buy both . A few of the demos are God awful . Songs like `` Spank Thru , '' `` Mrs. Butterworth , '' and `` Floyd the Barber '' are good for a listen out of curiosity , but not a replay . It really shows you how far they came , but I 'm not sure you really want to hear it.The VerdictI was n't a really big fan of Nirvana , but after listening to some of the earlier takes of their material , I have formed more of an admiration for them . After hearing some of these cuts , it 's amazing that they were able to put out the music that they did . A lot of the demos are really rough . So rough that if you heard them first , you 'd say Nirvana never had a chance . This is definitely a compilation for collectors and die-hard fans , but not so much for casual fans .
 I think that this is a good cd of Nirvana there maybe some tape hiss on the CD but who cares its better than spending 100 bucks on the box set anyways i think this is a good CD think of it as kind of the best of the bootlegs nirvana really . Plus it includes the rare Spank Thru song from the fecal matter tape . Its a good cd for someone who wants to hear these songs but dosent want to buy the box set . Great CD !!!
 Perhaps we should always have everything we liked in the past and so far . I love Nirvana since the age of 19 when I first heard Nirvana In utero and bought it immediately . This is a good album for me even though it was not recorded in the studio -LRB- s -RRB- . The sound might seem terrible somewhere on the record but the live albums from Nirvana lack on the market . Here you can here real Kurt Cobain 's voice , demos of the band , and most off the record songs . Truly inspiring by the way if you like to play the guitar and Nirvana besides . Buy it immediately if you do n't already have it . This record is for you all over there ! My favorites on the record are About A Girl -LRB- Home Demo -RRB- and Opinion -LRB- Solo Acoustic Radio Appearance -RRB- , tracks 6 and 10 .
 I did n't buy the box set last year -LRB- too expensive for my humble adoration of Cobain -RRB- so this set sounds fresh to me and I must say I found it better than I thought it would be.Of course the sound is not that good because it consists mostly of demo versions but this behind-the-scene perspective is really interesting . It 's almost like the making of Nirvana on a cinematic point of view.You really hear the progress in the first years , then the explosion with NEVER MIND and its perfect sound and then you hear Cobain trying to destroy that sound on IN UTERO , using real loud guitars and drums.That 's the first Nirvana album I bought since UNPLUGGED eleven years ago and I truly enjoyed this SLIVER album as much as I did with UNPLUGGED . That 's once again another side of Nirvana and it 's beautiful to hear it for the first time.I think the track SAPPY was not in the box set and in my opinion it 's the best song on SLIVER . The rough versions of HEART-SHAPED BOX , RAPE ME or SPANK THRU are really fantastic.For its historical content , this album truly deserves 5 stars .
 ... so this is pretty cool , especially since I only paid $ 8 for it . I have n't heard all the songs on the box set , but the three that are exclusive to this disc are n't that impressive -LRB- though the Fecal Matter track is great to have for historical importance , rather than artistic merit -RRB- . Overall , I 'd say that this collection is worth a couple of bucks , especially to those that have n't put down the $ 50 - $ 60 for the box set . This one disc clocks in at about 74 minutes and there are plenty of demo versions of songs any Nirvana fan knows and some unreleased songs that never made it onto a proper album.I do think it 's great to see all this material released for Nirvana . There are very few rock acts in recent times that created so many great songs that did n't get past the home recordings or dreaded land of B-sides . I think this disc -LRB- and the box set -RRB- , as well as the b-side collections from Smashing Pumpkins , and , to a lesser extent , the live `` bootlegs '' from Pearl Jam show how important these bands are to fans . Cynics may call it greed , but to the fans out there , we truly cherish getting to spend just a few more minutes with some of these great bands .
 This CD is great for some people , but I think a lot of other people are buying it who maybe should n't . For the Nirvana fanatic with money , get the full boxed set , you will probably find the DVD and the book to be worth the extra money , even if you do n't listen to the added tracks.If you are n't a fanatic , stick with the albums . You will not like the low sound quality of the recordings.Now , for the Nirvana fanatic who 's a bit short on cash , but absolutely has to have `` Do Re Mi '' as part of his collection , that 's who this is for . `` Do Re Mi '' is an excellent track , one of Nirvana 's best ... so if you are a serious Nirvana fan , you DO need to have that one .
 Nirvana `` With The Lights Out '' is the long awaited for box set.To many music to their ears , to others `` why is this box set worthy it 's not even comprehendable ! '' . This 1 disc compilation follows those guidlines if you are looking for some good Nirvana music it 's here.Hashed together tapes from the box set as a greatist hits.With 19 selected songs out of the 81 songs on the set.You get 22 songs in all .3 songs are new , the 3 have all been aired atleast once before on a different album.Spank Thru came out on `` From The Muddy Banks Of Wishkah '' in a live state.This is truly a rarity the earliest Kurt song to date .1985 he was merely 18 when he recorded this and it sounds like he 's reading the lyrics off a sheet of paper.Sappy made it 's debut last year on `` WTLO '' and got some radio play.The one on this set is an older version . -LRB- 1990 -RRB- -RSB- Come As You Are widley played on any rock radio station.Now dripped down to a raw boombox version.Many will fuss `` I already have the box set they are making spend more money for 3 new songs ! `` Well if you bought the boxset you are a true fan and $ 9.72 wont kill you.Awhile back us Nirvana fans were starved of new songs and a greatist hits came out and milked us for $ 15 for 1 new song.Now we are spoild and think we should have many new songs to be happy.Don ' t fuss over that much.This is a great set for cheap , people who are n't diehard fans can buy this and still enjoy the box set.At a fraction of the price .
 ` With The Lights Out ' was awsome ! No the songs were n't studio quality or # 1 smash hits , but rather Nirvana bare naked , raw and exposed , the way they were meant to be heard , the way Kurt had said many times in Nirvana 's uber-popular existence , that he wanted them to be heard . After all , Nevermind was always somewhat of a disappointment to him , too slicked up and sugar-poppy . So their box set was a sweet , sweet taste of the REAL Nirvana.I gave it a 5 star review when it came out , the reason I give this one only four is because now it feels like Nirvana is becoming one of those awsome bands that did n't make it and is being raped at every turn of their original credability . Does anyone really think Kurt would approve of this release , or the last one for that matter ? I seriously doubt it . I suppose this is for those who could n't afford the box set , which also does n't make sense , if people like Nirvana enough to buy them at their most un-produced state , they would 've scraped the dough together . I did.This cd still rocks though . And do n't worry it 's not all brutal , static-y rock and roll , there are melodic , beautiful ballads too -LRB- Do Re Mi -RRB- . There 's really no point behind this release , but still recommended if do n't have the box . ` Sappy ' is a nice extra included on this release .
 These types of releases are always problematic
 This is one of the best Albums I 've heard the songs Acoustic from Nirvana demonstrates that not only was screaming
 Bloody hell man , are damn stupid , Nirvana were an amazing band . Just because Kurt played simple stuff on the guitar , hey man , I 'd really like to see you come up with something as good as that , it ai n't in the technicality piss head , it 's in the bloody soul , Kurt had soul -LRB- an unhappy one , but a soul -RRB- . You are a bloody souless creature who deserves nothing less than to go to hell . I play guitar and I respect Kurt Cobain for doing what he did . His music had so much feeling and emotion , I do n't know what kind of music you like , why do n't you bloody well tell me ! I like beer , and Nirvana goes very well with beer , try it , you serpentine monster ! I am Bonzo , and I love Nora more than anything in this world !
 I just bought this cd today , and have already listened to it all the way through & am workin on my second time . This cd is awesome ! I think people who are really familiar with Nirvana 's previous cd 's will appreciate it more though . There are 3 previously unreleased tracks -LRB- Spank Thru in which Kurt 's voice sounds very different at the beginning , Come As You Are rehearsal , and Sappy -RRB- They also do a great rendition of Heartbreaker -LRB- an instrumental -RRB- . Some of the songs are played in different keys , and the overall sound makes you feel as if you 're in the studio with Nirvana . I have almost all of the other Nirvana cds and do n't really have a favorite , but this ranks up there with the rest . If you like a kind of raw , uncut , real sound , this is the Nirvana cd for you . Go out and buy it !
 Got this as a gift for a new Nirvana fan , and she loved it!I have the box set for myself , but I can see why that would be overwhelming for someone still new to Nirvana - this CD picks and mixes some of the best of the collection on one CD , and the sound is decent enough , as compared to some of the European bootlegs like ` Pay to Play '
 I am the proud owner of almost every Edenbridge album ever made and when I heard that Edenbridge was producing a two-disc album I knew I had to get the album . The first album consists of rare songs and a few new tracks . This was a real treat for me since I had not heard any of those songs before . Then the second album was a best of Edenbridge , consisting of songs that the fans of this wonderful band actually voted on . I first heard of Edenbridge in comparison to bands like Evanescence , Within Temptation and Nightwish . So I looked them up online and bought their first album . It was fantastic ! Edenbridge deserves to be compared with great symphonic metal bands , and yet everyone should remember that no two bands are exactly alike . Edenbridge certainly has it 's own distinctive flavor . If you have never heard Edenbridge before , I would recommend you buy this album or their very first album Sunrise in Eden .
 Hailing from Austria , Edenbridge is a fairly unique band in the `` metal band with female vocalist '' genre . Their particular sound , self-described as `` angelic , bombastic metal '' is somewhere between Nightwish and melodic rock diva Lana Lane . The music is lush and melodic , with a heavy emphasis on keyboards , and falls squarely in the Helloween/Angra power metal category . The only thing remotely goth-like about this band is their wardrobe . The vocals , which are provided by the lovely and talented Sabine Edelsbacher , are a breath of fresh air in a genre where every female singer seems determined to be a glass-shattering opera star.The 2-disc release Chronicles of Eden serves as a nice retrospective of the band 's work up to now . Disc 1 , which will no doubt be of great interest to die-hard fans , features a whole host of b-sides , import exclusive tracks , and previously unreleased material . I understand why bands need to provide exclusive tracks to certain markets , specifically Japan , but every few years they should issue a collection like this one so that their fans do n't completely miss out on those rare songs.Disc 2 is intended for the casual fans who might be interested in checking out what Edenbridge has to offer but do n't know where to start . This fan-chosen `` best of '' disc is also good for those who might find the bands studio albums a bit too repetitive and want a more compact collection of some of Edenbridge 's best songs . I 've been following this band for a while now , and this disc definitely hits all of the highlights from Sunrise in Eden all the way through the Grand Design , my favorite of course being the song Red Ball in a Blue Sky , which features D.C. Cooper on vocals alongside Sabine.Whether you 're new to Edenbridge or a long time fan , Chronicles in Eden definitely has something to offer you .
 The best Jarocha music of the World . This music transports you to the magic of Veracruz . The lyrics & music teach us beauty and knowledge . I recommend you this cd =-RRB- ! The best created by Jarochos =-RRB- ! . M&uacute;sica M&aacute;gica . La mejor m&uacute;sica jarocha del mundo . Esta m&uacute;sica te transporta a la magia de Veracruz . Sus letras y m&uacute;sica nos ense & ntilde ; an belleza y sabidur&iacute;a . Recomiendo ampliamente este disco =-RRB- ! . Lo mejor de lo creado por Jarochos =-RRB- ! Greetings from the Sun 's City . Saludos desde la Ciudad del SolMaria Alfonsa Larios Santacruz . mariaalfonsa@hotmail.comSeptember 30 , 2000 .
 The fisrt time I fist met Son de Madera on a live show in the city of Oaxaca , Mex . It 's a very talented group , originary from the state of Veracruz , they made a `` rescue '' of the original Jarochan Son , Laura 's voice its one of the best of Jarochan Son . their music leads you to tropical and apassionated world of the mexican jarochan soul.La primera vez que conoci a Son de Madera fue en una presentaci&oacute;n en cico enla ciudad de Oaxaca , mex . Son un grupo talentoso originario del estado de Veracruz . Ellos hicieron un `` rescate '' del son jarocho original . La voz de laura es una de las mejores del Son Jarocho . Su m ` sica te conduce al tropical y apasionado mundo del alma Jarocha de M&eacute;xico .
 The fisrt time I fist met Son de Madera on a live show in the city of Oaxaca , Mex . It 's a very talented group , originary from the state of Veracruz , they made a `` rescue '' of the original Jarochan Son , Laura 's voice its one of the best of Jarochan Son . their music leads you to tropical and apassionated world of the mexican jarochan soul.La primera vez que conoci a Son de Madera fue en una presentaci&oacute;n en cico enla ciudad de Oaxaca , mex . Son un grupo talentoso originario del estado de Veracruz . Ellos hicieron un `` rescate '' del son jarocho original . La voz de laura es una de las mejores del Son Jarocho . Su m ` sica te conduce al tropical y apasionado mundo del alma Jarocha de M&eacute;xico .
 Of the Chopin song recordings I 've heard - and I 've heard plenty - this is one of the finest and most artistic . Chopin did n't publish any of his songs during his lifetime , though apparently pirate editions of some of the songs were circulatinng in Poland and Eastern Europe . His friend Julian Fontana collected most of them after Chopins death in to one opus -LRB- opus74 -RRB- in no particular order.Since most recordings follow Fontana 's rather unjustified sequence it is a welcome change that Ursula Kryger and Charles Spencer loosen up and make their own which makes actually a very poignant one ; the songs become more elegiac and almost painfully nostalgic towards the end of their `` liederkreis '' . Likewise , the performances are subtle and have been made with approriate rubato , so vital in Chopin . Kryger , a beautiful mezzosoprano , seems to have a special relationship to Chopin song repertoire . Her empathy towards her great countryman 's music comes very evident when you listen to her singing these songs.This cd inholds also interesting and well written notes.If you are thinking of getting to know Chopin the vocal composer , I could n't think of a more better way to start than purchasing this recording . I have had it for many years and I 'm always coming back to it when ever I really want to enjoy some Chopin songs !
 Chopin , poet of the piano has , in this fine recording , a voice for the poetry of song . Polish is a soft and sweet tongue , just right for songs.The sound quality is quite good . Be happy that it was issued by the budget label `` Helios '' of the venerable Hyperion company . Otherwise it would be in the $ 20 range , considering the state of the dollar .
 Ernie Graham was in Eire Apparant , a psych band produced by Jimi Hendrix that put out an album in 1968 . He went on to play on -LRB- and write one very good song on -RRB- an album by the band Help Yourself -LRB- their second , called `` Strange Affair '' -RRB- . That album , plus all of Help Yourself 's CD 's , are great , but that 's another review . This album does n't quite match the excellence of a Help Yourself LP/CD , although it has members of Help Yourself and Brinsley Schwarz playing along in grand pub rock tradition . It does have some fine songs and a vaguely Dylanesque delivery . There 's some nice hammond organ and the general vibe is mellow and sort of downbeat , kind of like the Brinsley Schwarz sound on their early albums . There 's a little bit of the sound of The Band as well , expecially on `` Do n't Want Me Round You . '' It 's a nice album and sounds better the second and third time and later at night when you do n't expect any loud guitar riffs.The bonus tracks are from a later single -LRB- 1978 -RRB- when the music scene and sound had changed . These songs are pleasant enough even if they do n't add too much . The song `` Romeo '' was written by Phil Lynott -LRB- a fellow Irishman -RRB- and sounds very much like Graham 's impersonation of Lynott or Thin Lizzy . It 's not bad , but a little out of place stylistically . `` Only Time Will Tell '' is a little better fit to the rest of the CD , but still has a dfferent pace . The song `` Belfast '' that closes the album proper has a traditional Irish sound and sounds a bit like a song by folk band Mellow Candle . That one works quite nicely as an album closer . But these tracks are not representative of the general sound , which is less identifiable , and can be described as an interesting mix of the bands mentioned earlier in the review , though always unique . So , not a five star album , like the Help Yourself albums , but a very solid album nonetheless . Ernie Graham died just a few years back . Fortunately , this album is now on CD and gets to be heard without having to locate the hard-to-find l.p. . If you like Help Yourself , or any `` pub-rock '' for that matter , this should be heard . Help Yourself or Ernie Graham fans should also check out Malcolm Morley 's solo CD `` Lost and Found '' , also from the seventies , and also on the Hux label . These two CD 's are kind of like a mellower Help Yourself .
 This is Rancid 's heaviest , fastest , and angriest release . Consequently its their best , but my opinion is biased since I like this type of sound better than their more down-to-earth punk stuff like Out Come the Wolves -LRB- though that is the best album of its genre -RRB- . As the other guy says , it 's `` new old school , '' drawing more from Bad Brains and Minor Threat in style than to the the 90 's Gilman sound . Consequently its less melodic , what it sacrifices for anger is the fun and swagger of its earlier stuff -LRB- which they eventually bring back -RRB- . For me , its a good trade off on this album .
 This album is nothing less than a masterpiece in the genre of punk rock . This is how punk rock was meant to be ; fast , heavy , catchy as hell , and out of control . Old School fans looking for the `` new old school '' ? Here it is . Though not only do Rancid live up to their genre 's forefathers , they offer new ideas of how to make punk , incorporating influences of metal and bluesy guitar riffs and vocals into screaming-enhanced street punk anthems . The two opening tracks , `` Don Giovanni '' and `` Disgruntled '' just have to be the greatest most energetic opening to an album that ever was . `` Let Me Go '' and `` Radio Havana '' have a brilliant hybrid sound , somewhere between Punk , Alternative Rock , New Wave , Blues , and Rap . Lars Fredericksen screams with unstoppable power in songs like `` I Am Forever '' and the omnipotently intense `` Dead Bodies '' . `` Poison '' is the ultimate anthem of anger against betrayal . Though what really makes this album amazing is that ALL of these songs are as incredible as music can be . My personal favorite track is the sad yet inspiring `` Not To Regret '' , a harshly honest account of life and sorrow . These songs quite simply rip the current `` punk '' music scene to shreds . If you do n't have this album and you call yourself punk , then acquire it or disclaim your status . Also check out anything else by Rancid and related bands -LRB- Lars Fredericksen And The Bastards , Operation Ivy , The Transplants -RRB- .
 I 'm sick of all you people whining saying it 's too fast or not like `` Life Wo n't Wait '' or not as catchy as `` And Out Come the Wolves . '' Rancid is Rancid . A sign of a good band is when each album is an evolution of the past . When every album is diffrent that shows the open mind of the band . Rancid makes the best music out there period . It 's all good whether it be ska , reggae , punk , or the '' ... bullet to the head . . '' -LSB- Johnny 2bags -RSB- style punk thats fast and does n't '' ... give you time to breath ... '' Bottom line , Rancid is the best band ever , since day one . If your a real `` fan '' you 'll love and cherish any album that comes out by your favorite band . If Rancid put out a totall hick , country album I would listen to it just like any other Rancid album ... with love . The `` Rancid 2000 '' album rules . Go buy it . 5 stars , 4 thumbs up , refreshing , new , hardline punk rock . P.S. Rancid will kill you !
 The Best Friggin ' Rancid Album , Matt Freeman is the best Bass player today in punk music , Tim Armstrong is a freakin ' genius , Lars Frederiksen must have broken a mic and an amp with the way he sang and played on this album , and Brett Reed , The man must 've been so tired after playing drums on all these songs . Rancid 's Fastest and BEST album , after making The very experimental , Life Wo n't Wait , Rancid Got back to its punk record and made one of the best records of 2000 . Ca n't wait for more like this .
 Rancid 's new CD is nothing like Life Wo n't , but that whole ska thing was getting old anyway . This album on the other hand is dripping with mad punk rock aggression that does n't even give the listener a chance to breath inbetweeen songs . Almost every track on here is good , but gritty songs like `` Poison '' and `` Its Quite Alright '' stand out the most . Rancid 2000 is a true punk rock classic .
 For those previously acquainted with Ornette Coleman , this collection of compositions is like visiting an old friend ... for those first discovering the work , `` Free '' is a great place to start . Though adventurous , the compositions are accessible and interesting from the first listen . The agility and finesse of the players is astounding . As leader , Ornette Coleman shines with his playing and his compositions . Don Cherry is outstanding , especially his muted solo on `` Una Muy Bonita . '' Charlie Haden is inside the music weaving , pulsing , and pushing his way along with Billy Higgins -LRB- check out `` Ramblin ' '' -RRB- . Higgins drumming would be a great cd all by itself . These musicians communicate on the deepest level and it is evident in the workings of this recording . A new discovery is made with each visit . I come back to this one again and again .
 Randy is a guitarist second to none . He plays loose , grooving , swinging hard bop guitar . He has paid his dues playing with singer Etta Jones , tenor saxist Houston Person , among many others.This 1992 recording finds him in the marvelous company of pianist Bruce Barth , bassist Nat Reeves , and drummer extraordinaire , Michael Carvin . If you can find a rhythm section any better , let me know.But that 's not all : Tenor giant Eric Alexander joins Randy for several numbers . I am among many who consider Eric the best present day purveyor of tenor sax jazz artistry . If you do n't agree , listen to the contributions of Eric to this recording . This is Eric early in his brilliant career , before he became well-known . As young as he is , Eric had `` it '' to become a great tenor saxaphone player.Even without Eric , Randy plays superb swinging guitar . Dig the blistering groove of `` Willow Weep For Me '' by Randy and the trio , and you will be a believer . Also , enjoy the easy swing of `` Come Rain or Come Shine . `` Again , I ca n't overemphasize the greatness of Michael Carvin 's drumming.To cap off this great recording , listen to `` Baby , You Should Know It '' when they all get down and groove on this relaxing number.For pure joy of jazz , you can not do better .
 1 . Sun And Moon2 . Tide Is Turning3 . Afterglow4 . Shangri La5 . Midsummer Song6 . Glimmer Of Hope7 . Way Home8 . Farewell9 . Twilight10 . Flight Of The Firefly11 . Endless Flight
 My cd arrived securely packaged in a corrugated cardboard envelope . The cd itself was in a plain paper sleeve , not the nice cover shown in the picture . However , I have seen karaoke cds from this particular company before in karaoke supply stores , and all Superstar Karaoke cds came in plain paper sleeves -- no cover , no plastic box , no lyric booklet , pretty basic as karaoke cds go . However , the quality of sound and selection of songs is really good considering how inexpensive and no-frills this company is . There are no vocal demonstrations on this cd , but the instrumental tracks contain the appropriate background vocals . Of course , when played on home or professional karaoke systems , you will have the standard graphics with the color changing lyrics . For those who would like vocal demos or a printed lyric booklet , you might try a different company.I am actually very pleased with this product since I knew pretty much what I would be getting , and I loved the songs.Also a couple of notes for those completely new to karaoke cds -- these recordings DO NOT contain the actual original artists , but the original keys and arrangements are the same in the recreations . You can play karaoke cds on any equipment that plays regular cds and get the sound , but you will not see graphics -LRB- on-screen lyrics -RRB- unless that equipment is specifically meant for karaoke .
 1 . The Winner Takes It All - ABBA2 . Dancing Queen - ABBA3 . Waterloo - ABBA4 . Take A Chance On Me - ABBA5 . Fernando - ABBA6 . I Do , I Do , I Do , I Do , I Do - ABBA7 . Gim me Gim me Gim me - ABBA8 . Does Your Mother Know - ABBA9 . I Have A Dream - ABBA10 . Knowing Me , Knowing You - ABBA11 . Chiquita - ABBA12 . The Name Of The Game - ABBA13 . SOS - ABBA14 . Thank You For The Music - ABBA
 My girls wanted to sing Dancing Queen for a school talent show and needed background music . This CD was perfect for the show and it sounded wonderful and genuine ! The girls love the CD so much they use it all the time to sing lots of ABBA songs in thier room !!
 Love it ! I put it in the karaoke machine just to make sure it worked and before I knew it I had already sang and danced to a few songs . I got it to have a well known artist at our karaoke parties and I know this will be a hit and yes dancing will be involved with others this time !
 Excellent karaoke CD . We love it and the music of Abba just makes us happy ! Recommend highly - nice collection of songs .
 Good selection of Abba songs . . at a fair price . Also received CD quickly from seller .
 Mannnn this boy be wreckin , Big Steve from the Woss Ness , RIP man , why do all the good rappers got ta die man , and all the crappy ones still around puttin out wack albums . Get this fa sho , if you from h-town , u already know , and if u dont , u a busta !
 Maaaaaaan . This cd bring back some good memories . Every track go FED . Im not sure who chopped and screwed it but i give that version a 3 out of 5 stars ... its aight ... damn sure aint no DJ . Screw . All in all this cd is jammin and i recommend you buy it if you know anything about REAL rap music .
 One thing not typical about this album is the inclusion of an additional vocalist , the deep voiced Mark Murphy . Often they take turns with the theme , but occasionally they have some humorous dramatic banter -LRB- Where you at ? -RRB- . On `` Quasimodo/Embreacable You '' , Jordan sings the Charlie Parker tune simultaneously with Murphy singing the Gershwin ; with some scat that makes a great tribute to Bird . The rhythm section is solid , and taken together , the tunes artfully pace mood , tempo , and texture.As for Jordan , she shapes her voice and phrasing so effortlessly , fluent as it fluidly morphs about blues inflections.Good luck finding this . It will be sad if this recording does not return to publication .
 Jay Hoggard is a vibes player who shows a strong affinity for both Milt Jackson and Bobby Hutcherson . His use of the pedal gives him a very warm , dream-like sound - his unaccompanied version of MY ONE AND ONLY LOVE is a good example of that . But he can swing hard , too , as on STARTING OVER , a Bobby Hutcherson tune that also features drummer Yoron Israel . SWEET POTATO is right out of the church , and the group plays a very relaxed STOMPIN ' AT THE SAVOY . Guitarist Kenny Burrell plays well on Monk 's EPISTROPHY . The only misstep for me is the title track , which is much `` freer '' than the others and has a strong Ornette Coleman flavor to it . Other than that , it 's an excellent CD .
 I think that they are both nice voiced and this Cd is a great combination . A relaxive song with nice music . The only bad thing is that there is only 1 song including in this Cd . Anyway this is great Cd to buy ...
 I liked it a lot . It had that sort of `` animated movie song '' feel , which is OK .
 I think Whitney and Mariah did a wonderful job with this song !! I love it
 on of the best songs I 've ever heard
 This is the song to listen to when your down and out . When you no longer believe that good things can happen when everything is going down the tube . For `` Prince of Egypt '' reminds me that despite the bad stuff happening to you , it will pass . For miracles CAN happen , even if you do n't think it 's possible .
 We must admit Whitney and Mariah , together or separately , both have an amazing voice and fantastic talent . It doe n't matter to me if they are competing or not , I love them anyway - always .
 In the movie you sang well.Was it hard to partisapate
 i liked this piece but i really love just sitting back and listening to whitney for some realixation .
 I HEARD THE SONGS ON TV , BUT ITS NOT RELEASE IN MY COUNTRY , HOPE IT WILL BE SOON . ALL THE SONGS ARE EXHALING WITH ME . THANKYOU FOR PRODUCING IT .
 `` When You Believe '' has givin people hope and comfort . Although some miracles do n't happen when you ask , something good will come out of a bad situation . If you just have faith in our Lord Jesus Christ , everything will turn out fine .
 It 's nice to see that two of music 's best has gotten together to do this duet . The song is so beautiful and has so much meaning . I would like to tell these two talented young ladies , to keep up the good work and never let anyone discourage you -LRB- especially the media -RRB- . May God continue to bless each of you . Hope all your dreams are fulfilled . They will `` When You Believe '' .
 U ARE ONE OF THE BEST SINGERS AND IN THIS SONG THE TWO OF U SOUND ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT . WHEN ARE U COMING TO INDIA
 When this song frist cam out on the radio , I was in the hospital , with my sister . My 20 year old sister had gotten in a car accident and fractured her skull . I was listening to the radio when this song came on . As I listened to it , it brought me great comfort that a miracle could happen to my sister . And although that little miracle did n't happen and my sister died , that song made and still makes my pain a little easier . I think this song is trully great . Note : A man wrote a song for my sister called Leanna 's Song you can locate it under amazon and i would appreciate it if you did .
 `` When You Believe '' is an awesome song . To me Mariah 's songs hit me like nukes ! The awesome duet performed with Whitney Houston I 'll never get sick of . This song -LRB- to me -RRB- is combined with spiritual , and also relates to the racism . I personally recommend this song to both Kids and Adults !
 Savas Aslandogan Theodor-heuss-str .22 74855 Hassmersheim Germany Tel. 06266/1502
 Whitney Houston & Mariah Carey have amazing voices , so when you put them both together in one song you can expect it to turn out great . The instrumental of this song is cool too , it 's fun to try to sing it yourself .
 This song , sung by Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey is GREAT ! Sometimes , it leaves tears in my eyes . But , the song has some contrasts . Whitney Houston has one of the most beautiful voices in the universe . So when she sings the first verse and chorus , and then Mariah Carey starts to sing the second verse ... it 's a HUGE CONTRAST ! Mariah screeches ... If Celine Dion , who has the most wonderfully beautiful voice in the universe , had sung it with Whitney Houston , the song would 've been irresistible . It would have been so unexplainable beautiful . Anyway , great job , Mariah and Whitney !
 I think that Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston sing so beautiful together . I love this song . I listen to it when ever I feel sad , because it helps me feel better afterwards . I hope that everyone had the opportunity to hear it . I hope that they will sing together again . Bye !!! S.H.
 None of the songs are better than this one , I think.Despite the fact that I never really loved Mariah or Whitney 's songs , this one made me a real fan of those great singers . Perfect performance by both of them , and , OF CAUSE that greatest ever cartoon `` PRINCE OF EGYPT '' was really fantastic !!!! THANKS MARIAH !!!! THANKS WHITNEY !!!!
 this CD is so amazing , the combination of the 2 best singers in the industry in unbelievable ! i would definitely reccommend this album to anyone who can get their hands on it ! i swoon over this song and it is one of my favorites !
 Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston are in my eyes - `` two of the greatest female artists that ever lived . '' This time , as friends.they produced a song that became # 1 on the charts . The song is one that shows that artist such as the two in this song can have fun with their work . It is not all about money and fame . As i say - ` For the love of Music '' Thank you for hearing my review . I hope that you will find it intruiging and informative ...
 I ordered this at the last minute and it arrived on time . The case was cracked but the Cd was undamaged .
 A friend of mine and I sang this at a church event . I had a different track but we liked this one .
 CD received . I love all the music , so enthusiastic , and cheers you up , kind of uplifting songs you need when you are down . Great fine tunes from both Maria and Whitney 's voices.Highly recommended .
 The media has often made it an ordeal to make the catfights come alive , between Whitney Houston & Mariah Carey . Some of them would make those stories all the way up in the air , again and again . Still , the dueling divas shocked everyone , by teaming up to perform on When You Believe from the film , The Prince Of Egypt . The song reaches a golden melody of elegance and a dash of excitement . Still , Mariah sounded very weak on the song , while Whitney seemed to make the song her own . I really was n't able to her Mariah 's octive range as much as I heard on her other hit songs . The Oscar-winning song still seems to beam as a beauty . Still , I just do n't think either of the two has ever performed the song , after the Oscars in 1999 . Hopefully , not sure though , they 'll try a better duet .
 Mariah is lucky to share the limelight with music 's top performer . Without Whit , Mariah is the pits . Whit 's voice is po'okela ! Mariah should retire & leave the music to the preacher 's wife !
 I ca n't believe the producers of this album picked Mariah to be on this album . She is a teeny bopper with very shallow morals -LRB- if she has any at all -RRB- . I am excited with ALL of the other artists on ALL of the CDs for this movie . I really could have done without Mariah .
 When You Believe features my favorite singer of all time , Mariah Carey !!! Mariah is so incredible on this ballad which is from The Prince Of Egypt . It is a duet with Whitney Houston who I also love but NO ONE could ever reach the heights Mariah reaches !!! Mariah has the most incredible , breathtaking voice in the world and will always be the best !!!
 I guess there is now proof that Mariah Carey is the most talented singer of our decade . Now we know for sure she is ten times better than Whitney Houston .
 `` When You Believe '' is probably the only original soundtrack I like apart from the `` Titanic '' song by Celine Dion . The most surprising thing about this track is that unlike Titanic is features not one but two of the world most famous Divas namely Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston . This will definitely be cherished by fans of both Carey and Houston . The Oscar winnng soundtrack has done a marvelous job of potraying the vocals of both the multi-octave singers . `` When You Believe '' is a track worth hearing but a warning to those who donot enjoy ballads
 Whitney Houston took Mariah and beat her up in a song in stunning fashion . You could barely hear Mariah , Whitney simply destroyed her . I was actually laughing at the whole thing . I think that Mariah 's breakdown was caused by When You Believe , she was destroyed mentally by the original diva miss Whitney Houston , to the point of checking herself into a hospital . Whitney simply spanked Mariah so hard , you just GOT to hear that .
 This is a great song . Beautiful inspirational lyrics , and the amazing and always outstanding WHITNEY HOUSTON ! She is 100,000 times better than Pariah Scary , who just screeches , while Whitney 's voice sounds better than ever . I wish Faith Evans did this with Whitney because Ms. Evans could probably have held her own with Whitney , wheras Mariah was basically just a back-up singer .
 I think that both Divas did a terrific job , by trying to outsing each other , but still feel that Mariah has that soulful voice , she sounds angelic in this song and that puts whitney to shame , anyway mariah outshines her when she made a stunning apperance with vision of love.I strongly believe that this song can do without whitney houston , she is so passe , and her voice is deterioating , mariah still got what she takes and definitely she is the spirit in this song .
 Ok First and foremost I am a Whitney Fan and i was quite excited about the record when i first heard it . Im not gon na hate on Mariah cuz she did her thang but as far as the duet Whitney would have been better off doing HER song on her own . Mariah Dont have the Gospel training needed to sing a song of this size . Whitney Was Born to sing Gospel Its just there , Mariah needed only to `` Believe '' she had it and she would have pulled it off perfectly . To all Mariah Fans Your diva got her self embarrased by a TRUE DIVA !!!!
 THIS SONG IS VERY INSPIRING AND LETS BOTH CHILDREN AND ADULTS BELIEVE IN THEMSELVES WHEN THEY FEEL DOWN AND THAT GOD IS THERE HE HEARS ALL OF US
 I like this CD very much as do my friends !!
 The singers are very good , both of them has a very nice voice and they are talented singer . I enjoy listening this music very much
 we all know that mariah has five octaves which whitney does not have . we all know that if the two singers ' highest and strongest belts would be compared mariah overpowers whitney - even celine . however , many critiques had been too remiss to quickly assume that just because mariah sounded weak in the song , whitney 's is higher and more powerful . if mariah belted as much as whitney did , whitney would be overpowered by mariah . to all whitney fans
 Whitney gives an incredible performance on this song , one of my favourites of all time . Definitely my favourite song ever to come from a Disney movie . Having two of the strongest diva 's in the industry , however , makes it a little overbearing at some points , but overall it 's a great song .
 The only reason I give this song a five star review is because Of Miss Whitney Houston . Her voice `` The Voice '' is so precious . She goes back to her roots with this song and strongly believes in its message . When she sang the song live at the Academy Awards she showed the world who was the real Diva , leaving Mariah in the dust . I like Mariah but when you compare the two Whitney will always come out on top . She will forever be our generations voice there is no doubt about that . Amen !
 Stop comparing Mariah with Whitney ! They are both beautiful singers and they have done something wonderful and historic with this song . Listen to the message of this song ... ` there can be miracles when you believe ... though hope is frail , it 's hard to kill ' . No other singers around this time were releasing songs of this nature ; Songs that sing of hope and peace . What is even more important is that Disney brought together two of the most influential pop icons who have always been singing of hope , love and peace -LSB- The Greatest Love of All -LRB- WH -RRB- and Hero -LRB- MC -RRB- -RSB- to sing this wonderful piece and the most people can do is to compare singers and create ugliness where beauty was the sole intention . I would invite everyone to listn to this song , read the lyrics , and may the light of love , hope and peace shine on you.I was so thrilled when I heard this song for the first time in December 1998 . This song has a similar direction as ` We are the world ' which was recorded years ago and by more leaders in the pop music industry . People , let 's cherish positive examples like this one demonstrated by Whitney and Mariah and stop breaking it down with cheap insensitve remarks . Spread peace , love and hope - not hate .
 People keep saying Whitney Houston has a stronger voice , more steady more soulful voice , but it isnt entirely true . Mariah 's voice in this song is weaker , but it shows her ability to use different dramatic effects during the song . She uses a softer whipsery voice in the verse , and belts out the chorus to reflect on the contrasts . It isnt cuz she cant sing strongly , but she 's trying to convey meaning other than the lyrics . Whitney Houston 's performance is well done , and soulful but it doesnt have the depth of Mariah 's . Plus , mariah 's melismas , ornaments and falsetto `` oooooo '' at the end is wat makes the song so powerful . Whitney has never been able to and will never sing as high and as well as Mariah , however we 're talking about the strongest female vocalists of all time here . A job well done .
 Mariah sounded like a sqeakey door . Whitney was totally awsome . This is a great song with at least one great singer . Also thanks to whoever wrote the lyrics , allthough the part were she talks about `` words I never thought I 'd say '' sounds like she 's never cussed before , and finally does . What is this supposed to mean ??????????
 After hearing Prince of Egypt 's soundtrack -LRB- When You Believe -RCB- , those who have `` good taste '' in music must admit that Whitney has more powerful and soulful voice than anyone divas today .
 This collection of historic klezmer tunes is a joy to have in my extensive library of music . The 2 CD set comes with a booklet featuring interesting illustrations , as well an explanation of the music with recording dates that is just enough to satisfy my need for information , while not being overburdening to the casual listener.The music was clean and clear from the old 78 's , relative to the dates , and of particular interest to me were a couple of recordings that contained the old radio commercials for a local clothing company and a well known soft drink company -LRB- including a jingle for them I had never heard before ! -RRB- . Overall , I was pleasantly surprised by the set and it was even better than expected . A worthwhile addition to any klezmer or world music collection !
 This particular type of dance mix CD should n't necessarily be judged by individual tracks alone but rather by the atmosphere it creates as a whole - and Andy Caldwell succeeds quite well with this mix . Bear in mind that the theme here is `` late night '' , so the mood is slightly more subdued and sets things up nicely for the chillout `` after party '' for two . Besides , if it 's a `` hits '' compilation you 're looking for , perhaps you should check out the Dance Mix USA CDs ?
 A splendid new mix from Mr. Caldwell , a San Francisco-based DJ/producer whose own tracks have been showing up on the better house compilations for years . It 's called `` Late Night '' but do n't let that fool you - this is music you can put on with your morning coffee , too , or anytime you need to get your head straight . That 's `` straight '' meaning `` all sorted out '' , of course . This IS deep house after all.Caldwell starts things off with the summery `` Brand New Day , '' a gorgeous , soulful vocal track that would be right at home on any Naked Music release . The laid-back acoustic guitars and driving synth bass on that track set the tone for the next few tracks , each of which builds in complexity until climaxing with Mylo 's `` Otto 's Journey , '' a blast of pure optimism that could put a smile of Dick Cheney 's face -LRB- ew ... rough image ... sorry -RRB- . Track six -LRB- Caldwell 's own `` The Waiting Game '' -RRB- provides a sexy bridge to what , for me , is the best track on the disc
 Although I 'm a bit of a newbie to the world of house and electronica , I am not a stranger to music that makes not only the booty shake and the toes tap , but also fills the imagination with awe and color , and this album does just that . This compilation has also introduced me to the brillance of Mylo -LRB- if you have n't yet heard his album , `` Destroy Rock & Roll '' , then quit reading this and go check it out ! Pay EXTRA special attention to `` In My Arms '' , `` Drop The Pressure '' , `` Rikki '' , `` Otto 's Journey '' and `` Zenophile '' not to mention `` Doctor Pressure '' which won the Ministry Of Sound award for song of the year ! -RRB- You 've read the genre descriptions from others , so I ca n't add much more , but it 's clear that Caldwell puts a lot of emphasis on mixing songs , both vocal and instrumental , with complex beats and amazing keyboards . This truly is one of those rare treasures that you can press play , and not have the urge to skip track after track after track.Please , order your copy through Amazon or visit your favorite local music store and enjoy this amazing compilation today !
 Andy Caldwell is a prolific producer , DJ and remixer . He started his musical career as the founder of `` Soulstice '' and released two successful albums for Om Records . Now He presents a great deep , vocally-luscious house at its sublime best . Fusing innovative bass lines , infectious drum programs , and cascading melodies , he taps right into the soul of the dance floor with pure emotion and undeniable energy.This is house at its most pure , house as sustained mood and luxuriant romanticism.Featuring his own Brand New Day and The Waiting Game , his mix is seductive , so nice and very fresh , Mylo 's Otto 's Journey and Chuck Love 's Back in My Life lead the tally in highlights , along with Ronan 's It 's So Easy -LRB- very New York garage-influenced -RRB- and Spirit Catcher 's Never Before . Axwell 's remix of Rasmus Faber 's Get Over Here is another `` super-up-dance track '' great !!! Beautiful and amazing mixes , great compilation of electro-sweet-house . Through his track selection and mix , Andy Caldwell has successfully created the soundtrack to any great night out . Put this record into cd player in your car and you will have the best party made ever , your private `` Party Car '' .
 I LOVE this CD . This was definitely a good buy . Andy Caldwell does a fantastic job . I listen to this CD weekly .
 It 's been a long long long time since I have purchased a dance CD . I mean years . But then one night I was listening to my XM dance channel and all the usual stuff was on , but then they played selections from Late Night with Andy Caldwell and I immediately fell in love . Each tune they featured made me want to groove a little bit more until finally I could n't stand it . I had to find out more about this Andy guy . Well , turns out he 's been remixing and producing his own tracks for years - maybe the years where I stopped purchasing dance music . I just received my copy of Late Night two days ago and have listened to it more than 4 times since - even once while on my way to work and it made the day just seem to go a little better . I plan to play it in the afternoons in my office just because it 's that chill to listen to . Late night is definitely chill music at it 's best . I would recommend this to all my party friends who do n't party as much as we used too - this here is good times .
 this mix is just as good as i hoped it would be , maybe even better !
 Eclectic , progressive , and seductive , Fun9 represents all that is good in Japanese and American pop music . Minekawa , as she has proven before , is a strong musical force by herself , but on Fun9 , the true beauty of her musical experimentations are enhanced and brought to life by her collaborations with Cornelius and DJ Me DJ You . `` Tiger '' is one of the best tracks , displaying the trance-like , sitar influenced , rare groove tendencies of DJ Me DJ You , while allowing Minekawa to delve into a mystical realm of unintelligibly beautiful lyrics . `` Plash '' is super-cool . Period . Cornelius demonstrates his wonderous ability to add acoustic guitar into this Missy Elliot-influenced track of pure beat-laden fun , making the song dancable and intelligent . All in all , the record is trippy and smart , making it a surely pleasing aural experience .
 I heard this album just about the same time I heard her other album , `` Cloudy Cloud Calculator . '' Her style is still evident , though this seems a bit off the dot for her . `` Plash '' caught my attention when I heard it the first time , and it still does , but some parts of the album are lacking a little . It is n't quite up to my first impressions of it , but it 's still very good . Similar to Kahimi Karie , and still very cute and friendly , this album makes good picnic or chilling music . I still recommend this album .
 i just want to say that this record blows my mind ! Only the japanese could come up with this musical hybrid that defies definition . Only miss minekawa could inject such beautiful innocence into this thrilling aural rollercoaster of breaks , samples , and guitars . Cornelius and DJ Me DJ You are brilliant !
 Fun9 is a treat because it features some of Takako 's absolute best songs that she 's ever written . `` Plash '' , `` Tiger '' and `` Spin Spider Spin '' are all landmarks in her musical career that show off an amazing songwriting skill as well as a keen ear for production . as a whole , Fun9 does n't do much for expanding or progressing on Takako Minekawa 's musical legacy . there are plenty of great moments , but the momentum is cut short by too many filler interludes and goofy samples that tend to get in the way a bit too much for my personal tastes . it 's not a bad album by any means , but the music has not held up so well over time as the recordings on Cloudy Cloud Calculator . there are plenty of worlds of possibilities presented here on many of these tracks , but few seem to lift me up as much as the three songs i mentioned before . well ... `` Soft Graffiti '' is nice . i give this album 3.5 stars .
 I was drawn to Takako Minekawa via Ryuichi Sakamoto 's contributions to numerous chill out albums . I have always encouraged a previously dormant curiosity of japenese culture , specifically music , which is what drew me to the category of Japanese Music in the first place . If you will notice , our culture is increasingly influenced by japanese media ... I am not some anime spaz , but the aesthetic phenomenon is definitely worth looking into . Takako 's collaboration with the eastern dj , cornelius will prove to be a successful venture.As far as the chordal tone and melody , Fun9 contains faint elements of traditional japanese folk -LRB- fantastic journey -RRB- , Hawaiian Paradisio -LRB- flash -RRB- , and even american western , -LRB- tiger -RRB- . All themes are veiled with electronica that is neither out-dated or annoying.Beat wise the cd can be summed up in lazy drum and base , faint jungle , and ambient tracks . Lucky Takako opts not to draw out songs with no ethos for a terribly long time.I want to give it five stars , but she has done better . Ximer is an exceptional album , specifically the song milk rock , remixed by cornelius is transcendantly soothing and kinetic , ergo the decree is an appropriate four stars .
 This is really neat music , that makes you feel good inside . Some of the music on this album is part of the sountrack for the movie Southlander . I plan on buying this CD .
 I heard Milk Rock and Spin Spider Spin on internet radio but I fell in love with Tiger . If she were to make a greatest hits CD I would vote for Tiger to be on it . It has a great flow to it like all of her music . On this CD I also liked Gently Waves and Soft Grafitti which are both quietly beautiful . I do n't think the length of the song should dictate how much you like it , and that 's certainly true of Gently Waves .
 This single is the new one from the UK 's legendary dance outfit . I bought this single from Amazon.co.uk and the cd is part 2 . This recently got to number 2 for 2 weeks and I picked this cd for the John Ciafone remix . The first track is the original version -LRB- 9:09 -RRB- and more harder in sound than the remix . It shows a growth in the progression of the act . The John Ciafone Remix -LRB- 7:33 -RRB- is a little more stripped in sound and more ambient in feel but still aggressive house wise . Just a brilliant piece of work . Excellent !
 Saned es actualmente una de las mejores salseras de Puerto Rico . Ella es la hermana de los cantantes Jerry Rivera y Edwin Rivera . Este disco `` Prohibido '' es bien bailable y romantico . Saned tiene una voz unica y cuando se presenta en vivo es un verdadero exito . De este disco los mejores temas son `` Me Encanta '' , `` Prohibido '' , `` Baila Conmigo '' , `` Corazon Encendio '' , `` Yo Te Sigo Queriendo '' , pero todos y cada uno de los temas son exelentes . Un exelente disco de salsa .
 Saned 's Prohibito is the follow up to her first `` materpeice '' Quiero Entregame A Ti . Prohibito displays Saned 's unique style as well as percussion backing that would make Tito Puente take a second listening . Saned soars through the melodies with her strong yet beautiful voice to deliver a style that is simply unmatched so if you like salsa , you 'll LOVE Saned !!!!
 & iquest ; Quien dice que las mujeres no cantan salsa ? . Este disco y `` quiero entregarme a ti '' son excelentes producciones . En este disco , `` prohibido '' es mi favorita . Las dem&aacute;s canciones son muy buenas tanto en letra como en ritmo . Las mujeres salseras tienen un estilo muy peculiar en sus canciones
 LA SALSA SE LLEVA EN LA SANGRE . AL IGUAL QUE SUS HERMANOS EDWIN RIVERA Y JERRY RIVERA , SANED LLEVA LA SALSA EN LA SANGRE Y SE PUEDE SENTIR EN CADA UNO DE LOS TEMAS DE ESTE DISCO . SANED ES HERMOSA Y TIENE UNA VOZ INPRESIONANTE !
 FINALMENTE , LA SALSERA SANED REGRESA CON SU NUEVA PRODUCCION . . PROHIBIDO . . PUEDO DECIR QUE ESTA MEJOR QUE SU PRIMER DISCO `` QUIERO ENTREGARME A TI `` LOS MEJORES TEMAS -- YO TE SIGO QUERIENDO -- PROHIBIDO -- NO ME VENGAS CON LAGRIMAS . . TAMBIEN RECOMIENDO `` SOLA `` DE LA INDIA -- LILIANA '' A TODO DAR '' -- Y BRENDA K STAR `` PETALOS DE FUEGO '' . .
 AUDIO CASSETTESide 1:1 . Away In A Manger2 . Blue Christmas3 . C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S4 . Christmas Ai n't Like ChristmasSide 2:1 . Dasher With The Light Upon Him2 . Here Comes Santa Claus3 . Jingle Bells4 . Ole Kris Kringle
 It 's rare for a sophomore release to surpass an artist 's debut ; but this is one album that seems to have done just that . I loved Cyndi 's debut , but this album exceeded my expectations , which we all know is rare with most sophomore releases . Although she 's Australian , Cyndi has a deep , rich , bluesy voice , that sounds like she grew up in the backwoods of the deep South . This is the quintessential of stripped down , bluesy , country roots music .
 I 'd have to agree with M-Speedy , this album is great ! If you enjoy Cyndi Boste this second album wo n't disappoint .
 yeah yeah this cd is one of the best cds that you can get from here it is one off the chain cd and all of fi yankee boys dem llike this to hear on radio listen to 91.9 wfss on the radio in the nc area
 A lot of things are marketed to kids that are n't very good . In contrast , every product I have seen that ties in with Blue 's Clues seems thoughtful , educational and of high quality -- the same goes for this CD.Adaptations are made to play out a Blue 's Clues game as an audio exercise rather than visually , and this is done in a clever way . All of the original series ' voices are used , including Steve Burns and Traci Paige Johnson for Steve and Blue . Many of the series ' characters make an appearance
 My son -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- and I love this cd . We listen to it often . It is very cleverly done and has wonderful songs . I love how humor is used .
 It gives some variety to our music in the car - especially on long trips . It helps kids to focus their listening skills by listening for clues . There is also an interactive song where kids make silly faces , jump up & down etc. .
 I bought this cd as a soundtrack for a Blue 's Clues birthday party . Mailbox sang before we had Mailtime . Steve and Blue 's voices introduced our party via the cd player . It is a well written cd and the sound quality is wonderful . Your kids will really enjoy listening , especially in the car .
 My 2 year old son has all 4 Blue 's Clues cds and he like this one the most . The songs make him get up and dance , and the lady who plays the part of grandma sounds like the singer , Jewel . She has a very pretty voice . The only Blue 's Clues Cd that I would n't necessarily buy again would be `` Goodnight Blue '' . It 's fine , but too slow ... not upbeat enough for playtime . The other 3 Blue 's Clues titles are superior to `` Goodnight Blue '' in my opinion . `` Blue 's Big Treasure '' is our 1st choice of the 4 if you are purchasing your 1st Blue 's Clues cd .
 Although we have been listening to this CD every time we are in the car -LRB- this CD and Blue 's Big Musical CD are the only CDs my 2 year old son will listen to -RRB- for the past two months -- we love it ! I ca n't decide who enjoys it more -- me or my son ! While many kids ' CDs are painful for the parents to listen to , this one keeps getting better and better -LRB- as does Blue 's Big Musical -RRB- . I highly recommend it !
 If you are only going to buy one Blue 's Clues CD - Buy this one ! The musical quality is excellent , Steve 's vocal talents are a highlight for parents . I have listened to it more than 200 times , and I still look forward to another play . My 21/2 yr old and friends stop everything to listen , and we keep the TV off very happily , and the whole family sings alog . We took the CD on vacation , and it was a life saver.Other compilations quickly become irritating to parents , but this has remained fresh . Put it on your Christmas list !
 My kids can not keep quiet when this CD is playing , but neither can I. Keep your ears open and see if you can hear the clues ! This CD rarely is in its case we play it so much .
 My three-year-old LOVES this tape . She asks for it all the time . As a bonus , my husband and I enjoy the music too . I 've even found myself singing it to myself while away from the kids . I highly recommend it to parents of young children .
 I just received this CD today and I had to come and leave some thoughts on it . By far the best Blue 's Clues has to offer ! It gives your children the same interraction as the show but yet they are not starry-eyed into the television . The songs are top notch and are just as enjoyable for adults as they are for children . Steve Burns talent as a singer/vocalist really shines through and makes the CD what it is ; Wonderful !
 Es un concepto bien educativo para nuestros ninos ...
 I bought it for a car trip and it was an immediate hit that played over and over for 3 hours . I did n't mind and found myself singing along with the kids every time . They love it and I consider it money well spent .
 My son always asks for this in the car and loves to sing along when he can . My favorite part about this CD is that my husband admitted he loves one of the songs on here and always skips ahead to that one !!
 My 2 year old son loves Blue and only Blue !! He also loves music , so when I came across the blue 's clue 's music , we could n't resisit . We were not disappointed ! I love the music as much as he does ; I find myself singing along all time ! The music is very well written and will keep even the pickiest parents jammin ' in the car with their kids !! We also have `` goodnight , blue '' and it is wonderful , but beware
 If you are only going to buy one Blue 's Clues CD - Buy this one ! The musical quality is excellent , Steve 's vocal talents are a highlight for parents . I have listened to it more than 200 times , and I still look forward to another play . My 21/2 yr old and friends stop everything to listen , and we keep the TV off very happily , and the whole family sings along . We took the CD on vacation , and it was a life saver . Other compilations quickly become irritating to parents , but this has remained fresh . Put it on your Christmas list !
 My 3 year old and 18 month old LOVE this tape ! We have listened to it so many times I 've got the whole thing memorized . When the kids get cranky in the car , I just pop in this tape and we get instant smiles ! The treasure song is our favorite -LRB- except when it gets stuck in my head and I ca n't quit singing it -RRB- . So for all those Blue 's Clues fans , this is a must !
 My 20-month-old son LOVES this CD ! He has even started singing along with it , which makes it even more fun to listen to ! He asks for it as soon as we get in the car .
 With four small children in the family we are always on the look out for new Suburban time music . We took this tape on our trip to the beach and it maintained sanity for us ! The music is sophisticated and keeps Mom and Dad interested . We frequently find ourselves singing `` Mailbox 's favorite treasure 's got to be the mail -- everybody 's got a thing that makes them want to wail '' . We also recommend the soundtrack from Barney 's Great Adventure -- it has Johnny Van Zant , Roberta Flack , Peebo Bryson , and other `` adult '' musicians to keep Mom and Dad from going insane !
 I was a bit skeptical when I purchased this CD . But my 2 year old is a huge fan of the show , so I took a gamble and that CD does n't owe me a nickel . It is just as clever as the TV show with the same format . The new songs are entertaining for both of us and the old stand bys are there so he can sing along . It is terrific . The only problem is there is only one `` episode '' on the market . Please hurry and make another one !! I think we know this one by heart !!!
 Another Blues Clues hit ! I have never owned a children 's album that I -LRB- the adult -RRB- never get sick of . It is imaginative , creative , interactive and educational . I would highly recommend it for ages 1-8 , and am keeping my eye out for more albums from this show .
 My son loves to listen to the tape . It had wonderful songs and it really involves the kids . I must admit that I too love to listen .
 Wow ! ... finally something new and creative for the dance floors this year . Got a promo of this album about a week ago and hav n't stopped listening to it since . All of Mynt 's hits in one place plus their new single `` Still Not Sorry '' which I think is really going to be a huge smash for them . Lot 's of cool 80 's production and fat synths on this one and I 'd say it 's definitely a worth while buy if u are into dance music/electrohouse 80 's style . / DJ Eric
 this release is fresh . thats the best way to describe it . and by fresh i mean refreshing . it 's like a melting pot of dance music styles of the past 17 years . but very much the sound of today . i enjoy this cd . however , i can not stand two songs on here
 The ONLY reason why I had previously purchased this was because of KIM SOZZI . Although the others on this CD are great , NO ONE and I mean NO ONE is better than KIM . If you have been to Germany and heard of KIM STYLES , then you will know that this is the same person . However , because of linguistics in the German language , Sozzi was difficult to pronounce and so she sang in Germany and some parts of Europe under the name KIM STYLES . But no matter which you prefer , the fact is KIM SOZZI is by far the ABSOLUTE BEST VOCALIST . Another song that KIM sang as a Duet with Jose Carerras of `` THREE TENORS '' Fame , is HOW DO I KNOW . If you can ever get your hands on a copy of that CD , you will NOT be disappointed . KIM SOZZI ... YOU TRULY ARE THE BEST OF THE BEST !!!!
 One of the most underrated and unheard Techno genera masters I know to exist ... if only Megabass and Two Little BOys ahd continued to produce music , perhaps Techno would be a totally different artform now .
 This is the BEST song I LOVE it .
 Memphis Minnie - Crazy Cryin ' BluesAcrobat label -LRB- U.K. -RRB- female tradional acoustic Memphis style blues , all recorded between 1930-40 . . `` Crazy Crying Blues '' ... tracks are ; 1 -RRB- Bumble Bee ,2 -RRB- Can I Do It For You Pt . 1,3 -RRB- Memphis Minnie-Jitis Blues ,4 -RRB- New Dirty Dozen ,5 -RRB- Frankie Jean -LRB- That Trottin ` Fool -RRB- ,6 -RRB- I Called You This Morning ,7 -RRB- What 's The Matter With The Mill ,8 -RRB- North Memphis Blues ,9 -RRB- Crazy Cryin ' Blues ,10 -RRB- Tricks Ai n't Walking No More ,11 -RRB- Pickin ' The Blues ,12 -RRB- Soo Cow Soo ,13 -RRB- After Awhile Blues ,14 -RRB- Joliet Bound ,15 -RRB- Where Is My Good Man ,16 -RRB- Drunken Barrel House Blues ,17 -RRB- You Got To Move -LRB- You Ai n't Got To Move -RRB- Pt . 1,18 -RRB- Let Me Ride , 19 -RRB- Nothing In Rambling ,20 -RRB- Finger Print Blues ,21 -RRB- Ma Rainey ,22 -RRB- In My Girlish Days ,23 -RRB- Me And My Chauffer Blues ,24 -RRB- Pigment On The Line ,25 -RRB- Ca n't Afford To Lose My Man ...
 Hey , I 've only got one leg , but that does n't mean I do n't know GREAT blues music when I hear it !!! I love Memphis Minnie and her rough and roudy vocals and rockin ' guitar style , she is the epitime of the BLUES . She sings everything from jump blues , rockin ' blues , delta blues to dirty blues . She has plenty of pep and energy , and sinsg liek there 's no tomorrow . her delivery will hit you like an intoxicatingly wonderful tornado . You will love this cd , one Legged Willy promises , there you have it , THE ONE LEGGED WILLY GAURENTEE !!! Bottom Line
 Harry Bradley , originally from Belfast , has mastered the `` dirty '' style of Irish flute playing , where the player plays with a pulsing breath that pushes the lower octave notes to get a very distinctive tone . If you listen to Irish Flute music , you do n't need me to tell you who Harry Bradley is . If you 've never heard Irish flute music before , this is a great cd to start with -LRB- every Irish flute player has or belongs to a distinctive style ; you can try Matt Malloy and Kevin Crawford for others -RRB- . Look also for Harry 's flute duet cd with Michael Clarkson , `` The Pleasures of Hope '' -LRB- great stuff -RRB- and his other album `` Bad Turns and Horseshoe Bends '' is also excellent . I think you can download an mp3 to see if you like it ; I recommend `` Miss Thornton 's / The Primrose Lasses '' , the third track on the cd which is a great set of tunes that also demonstrate the Belfast/dirty style of playing .
 Among three works in this CD , the most characteristic is the performance of the arpeggione sonata D821 by Bylsma and Immerseel . This sonata has long been treated as a bravura showpiece by virtuoso cellists . Bylsma 's approach is fundamentary different
 I agree with the Amazon editor above that the resonances of the modern piano do not do the ` Trout ' justice . I can not imagine that Schubert penned this work thinking of any instrument OTHER than the FortePiano , so ideal is the lightness of it 's textures . I find myself swept away by the exuberance of Immerseel 's playing . Matching that alone against all other versions of the ` Trout ' , modern piano or not , this one is the version to have . The brisk tempi are a treat ! I hope you find this as rewarding a listening experience as I.
 Poco se puede decir del quinteto `` la trucha '' de Schubert ; no por nada es una de las obras m&aacute;s populares para cuarteto de cuerdas y piano ; sin embargo , en este disco encontramos un par de obras adicionales que bien valdr&iacute;an por s&iacute; mismas el precio de este CD
 I 'm one who prefers Mozart 's keyboard music played on the harpsichord . Somehow even his mature music just sounds better on this intrument rather than the crude fortepiano of his time . One must keep in mind that in spite of the piano being a fascinating novelty for Mozart , his musical language is still nonetheless highly conceived in a harpsichord manner and Mozart in fact continued to play the harpsichord and clavichord until the end of his life . Even his last concertos including the `` Coronation '' was played by Mozart himself on the harpsichord.According to Czerny , `` In later years Beethoven also told me that he heard Mozart play several times , and that because in his day the fortepiano was still in its infancy and the harpsichord at that stage more widely used , his habitual style was not suited to the fortepiano . '' He had `` a refined but clipped style , no legato '' . This Martinoli recording is of considerable importance to me because it is apparently the first ever harpsichord recording of the sonata in C , KV 330 . Martinoli 's playing is crisp and precise with nicely selected tempos .
 larkins and braff have one mind when they play , it is wonderful when that happens with two musicians or a group . this pair could never do better than their wonderful original rogers and hart set . i was careless buying the duets because some of the rogers and hart things are on it . i think i said of that that `` you will dance around the house '' . , well , your heart will , anyway . its a sad bad world and this is antedote for that right now as much as it was decades ago . if you happen to live in a perfect world and always feel great , you will still enjoy this album . but i 'd recommend the rogers and hart first , it was their first . compilations can have too much variation of mood , but you might think a sustained one boring . its subjective i guess . it simply carries me away . its said that jazz is not about the melody , but these recordings are.and we are lucky to have the great american songbook , and people like this to play it . i did buy this at amazon as i do almost every recording -LRB- i live far from any music store -RRB- but this particular one from a seller , so i ca n't verify it .
 I , m not a big fan of jazz music.I have ordered this record for my older brother , who really is.Now I , m listening to the music and I , m wondering that there is only two musicians , and that they are pleying so masterful.You don , t need a big machine to obtain grandeur . . I , m not fan of jazz , but i know somthing about it.I , ve never heard befor about larkins and braff.But now i , mreally impressed
 As a fan of the music of Jimi Hendrix since seeing him live in-concert in 1967 , I have heard a lot of Hendrix `` covers '' and `` tributes '' over the years , but none as well done as `` Pickin on Hendrix . '' The level of musicianship and obvious emotional involvement displayed by Mr. West and friends on this recording makes it obvious that the music of Jimi Hendrix has a deepness and richness that extends far beyond the `` rock '' catagory . After hearing `` Purple Haze , '' `` The Wind Cries Mary , '' and `` The Star Spangled Banner '' done with with blazing , twang-tinged country flair you will begin to realize just how universal and unique Jimi Hendrix 's compositions really are . I 've always wondered what a country take on Hendrix 's music would sound like , and here it is . If you like country music but find Jimi 's music to be too `` edgey '' or `` far-out , `` listen to this cd and you 'll become `` experienced . '' If you love Hendrix 's music but are not too keen on country music stylings , this cd will make you smile . It 's a winner no matter what kind of music you like .
 Wow , I did not know I like bluegrass , but I figured if I 'd ever like it it would be in this cd . I was right . It was strange and creepy how well J.H. rythms fell right into place in bluegrass music . This album has no lyrics but alot of character and it 's simply on the mark.The best thing about this album for me was the all along the watchtower dylan cover . It was beautiful at about 4 minutes long and played by one person on several different instruments with incredible skill and awesome flare and style . This album is alot of fun and at times profoundly and innocently pretty and remarkable . I recognized everything at once except from maybe one song which I ca n't remember at the moment but it was probably because I never heard hendrix himself do it . This whole album is full of energy and skill and perfect for students of banjo or acoustic guitar . David west who is the main player and in some songs the only player is an absolute genius and J.H. would have gotten a huge kick out of hearing this twisted but accurate overature . Very few times was it repetative in an undesirable way like most cover or remixing tribute albums are . This was charming and renewed my faith in great musical cross-overs and fusions . I was shocked to find that out of several cds I bought within the month this was my favorite one . I had to laugh at the fact that I 'm a complete stranger to this brand of music but I became so quickly fond of it . This is one rich album . A definite five .
 The pickin ` on , bluegrass tribute cd 's are great , there are also great bluegrass tribute on Stevie Ray Vaughan and Eric Clapton.On this Hendrix tribute cd all the great songs , Hey Joe , Fire , Little Wing.The songs sound very different -LRB- Banjo instead of electric guitar -RRB- , but the songs are easy to recognize.Also the cover of the cd is very funny , a banjo on fire , like Hendrix put his guitar on fire at the Monterey festival.This cd is a must have for every Hendrix fan .
 I will say this ... . The `` Little Wing '' cut sent shivers up my spine and put goose bumps on my arms and legs . No Foolin ` Wow .
 Okay so its like this , I have been listening to rock and roll for 25 yearsI work in an office , do the `` cube life '' , sitting at a PC for most of the day , working on my own , popping out to get liquids or drain liquids , chat some , that 's the life . Now this ipod deal comes along a few years ago . Only , if your going to listen to music all day , you just cant listen to real pure rock and roll all day , you just cant . I do n't care if your homeless sitting in a park all day with an ipod on , you just cant listen to real hard rock and roll for hours and hours at time all day everyday.Classical puts me to sleep . I can handle some of it in the morning , ease into the day , but not allot of it . Pop I do n't care for . Country singing about my dog had an affair on my wife does n't cut either , what did I just say ? Anyway , and Rap is out . Opera , No . So what to do?Well thanks to my Dad , who used to watch Hee Haw all the time when I was growing up , and man did I hate it that show ! Even today I seen some of it not long ago , its corny country stuff , but when Roy Clark comes on and solos for a song , then man always caught my attention . He was flat out good . But still I would `` never '' and have never owned a bluegrass cd . Get real!But then , a friend , listening to me talk of my search to get some kind of music going for the day , loaned me a String Cheese Incident CD , an On The Road 3 cd set , and said just try it for awhile . Let it grow on you . What do you have to lose ? Well yep I ended up submitting to it , and then really liking it . Before long I was walking around the office humming along , co workers going what you got playing man ?? So having remembered seeing these Pickin ' on cd 's before , I said well why not try it , so I started off with one , right away started laughing and laughing good not at it . Now mind you no way would this happen up till a few years ago . Getting older ? I do n't know , many people are born and raised on this stuff . Its all in how you approach it . And I will tell ya what , that was a couple years ago and 6 pickin ' on cd 's later , I am so much more relaxed at work now . What I did n't notice before was music and singing along with it ALL day works on you more than you realize . Just having some `` cruising tunes '' playing with no singing really is relaxing . I do n't have this playing all day , but its taking up a couple hours a day . Some more String Cheese cd 's . And I will sooner or later just end up getting everyone of these pickin ' on cd 's . You see its not all about `` oh this one does n't jam enough '' or the other one is better than this one . Nah . If you like Rock , and do n't want to listen to it all day , then get used to these trust me , I did and its worth it . I still laugh at dif times playing them . And now some coworkers and friends have them loaded up also . I still have all the `` real '' bands loaded into my ipod , never giving up on Classic Rock and Roll , ever!Lastly , I am not someone who sells these CD 's . I actually am very picky if you read my reviews , and look at my Amazon name ! and flunk so much stuff that 's out there . Believe me this has caught me off guard . Just thought I would let anyone know that is searching for a new way listen to the day to try it out a bit . Give it time . Do n't just listen partly or once then blow it all off , scoff and go Sacrilege ! For I did before , but now a convert , and after a couple years of it , I get it , and will be enjoying these for years to come , just like the real rock and roll at times . I have posted this review of the cd 's I have so far.Good luck . Have a great day ya all.Oh no , I am talking hillbilly already !
 When E T A Hoffmann redirected his output from music to literature the world gained a lot . Not only did his literature have great impact with other writers , but his stories became the source of much musical inspiration -LRB- Wagner , Offenbach , Tchiakovsky , Hindemith , Schumann , Busoni , Delibes ... -RRB- . But listening to this CD made me realise the world lost a lot as well , because Hoffmann was a very talented composer . I had previously heard some of Hoffmann 's chamber music , such as the piano trio and harp quintet on this CD , and viewed them as pleasant but not memorable . The duettini italiani on this disc are for me , a pointer to greater riches in Hoffmann 's music than I had previously seen.Other recommendations : Hoffmann 's short stories , and his novel ` The Life and Opinions of the Tomcat Murr ` E. T. A. Hoffmann
 Igor Stravinsky proves in these recordings that he was a master conductor of his own music . The Pulcinella complete ballet has never sounded so vibrant . The Symphony in C is crisp and energetic with its fourth movement final chorale very poignant . Add the Octet , the Tchaikovskian Fairy 's Kiss , and the suite from L'Histoire and you have two very full discs of authoritative Stravinsky . Sony has taken these gems from the early to mid 50s Columbia Masterworks Catalog , remastered the Severance Hall recordings , and has put an excellent package around it . Tim Page may be one of the best writers on music around and these liner notes are no exception . The mono sound is perfectly serviceable . Get this one quick !
 This is a truly fantastic CD . I had heard that the early 50s Stravinsky led recordings of his own music were wonderful but I had no idea that they were this good . All of the selections on this two CD package are wonderful ; in the case of the Symphony in C , L'Histoire du Soldat , and Pulcinella , they could be first choices for your library . The packaging by Sony Classical is first-rate . Scoop this up before it goes out of print .
 Pulcinella
 This collection of Stravinsky 's monaural recordings for Columbia Records is out of print and very expensive , so it might help for the prospective buyer to know exactly what lies in store.CD 1 and half of CD 2 derive from sessions with the Cleveland Orch . in Dec. 1955 . The works are The Fairy 's Kiss , Sym . in C , and Pulcinella -LRB- complete with vocal soloists , in this case local Clevelandrs , I believe -RRB- . CD 2 is rounded out with the L'Histoire du Soldat Suite and the Octet , derived from sessions in Jan. 1954 in New York . The small ensemble consists of outstanding freelances and members of the NY Phil . They are recorded cearly and very close up.The Cleveland recordings re in spacious , detailed monaural sound that has remastered very well ; these could be mistaken for modern recordings . Stravinsky made very good stereo remakes of the Sym . in C and Pulcinella , but the earlier versions are tidier and better played . The composer was somewhat less fierce in the Sym . in C in 1955 . A deciding factor in Pulcinella might be that the vocal soloists in the later , stereo version are so much better -- the Cleveland singers really struggle at times.His remakes of The Fairy 's Kiss and L'Histoire were n't nearly as good as these early accounts , however , in terms of rhythmic vigor and ensemble.Which leaves the Octet . I have n't listened to the stereo remake recently - I did audition all the others -- but this early one is exceptionally good , and with a small chamber group it hardly matters that it 's in mono.In the final analysis , everything on these two CDs shows Stravinsky the conductor at his best . I assume that the sellers at Amazon are offering the deluxe packaaging of the original releases on Masterworks Heritage -- at these prices , they should be .
 The amazon.com reviewer hits it right on the nose regarding this set . Stravinsky was not a conductor at the start of his career , but began to conduct his own works in public in the 1920s when he was in his mid-forties , doubtless in part because he needed the income . Some of his earliest recordings are not entirely successful -LRB- at least in my opinion -RRB- , but by the time he made the ones in this set in the early 1950s , he was truly expert in getting his players to produce what he had in mind , as much as any composer/conductor I can think of . Sometimes his recordings feature studio or pickup groups that are not quite on par with the top orchestras , but they often are , and his performances are always well worth hearing.Amazon 's reviewer mentions the splendid Histoire and Octet . Stravinsky did stereo versions in 1961 , though the stereo Histoire features Los Angeles musicians , including violinist Israel Baker , rather than the New York-based musicians in this 1954 version , which includes violinist Alexander Schneider . All of these are excellent , but the Histoire and Octet here , in excellent mono sound , get my vote as more dramatic and exciting overall.The original LP of the Histoire and Octet is a rare collector 's item -LRB- the excellent notes to this set , by Tim Page , actually mention this -RRB- , and the CD sound is superior to that of the original LPs , so it 's great to see this set at a low price again . Grab it quickly before only the expensive ones are left .
 As far as I know , this predates anything else known as `` drone '' music , which seems to be a popular genre these days.This is about as psychedelic as it gets , your mind wandering out into the infinite void.So good .
 Awesome heavy drone out from masters of the art . I suggest listening to this alone in the dark for full effect . My only qualm is the giant price tag , unless you 're a stickler for tangible products I 'd recommend finding and downloading this from one of the many available sources for it online .
 I 'm told these guys used to `` play '' tree branches as instruments as part of their live shows . Forget songs , forget song structure , forget melody , even , maybe forget free jazz . All things are structure for a noise ensemble that taken together reveals a kind of beauty in and of itself.I 'm always amazed that this sort of music not only got made , but that it toured extensively , and that the band was quite large . How is this sort of art , bound for obscurity , maintained?I admit that the first time I bought a TMTs cd I was looking for Taj Mahal - and not finding a blues band blasting guitar riffs in my CD player , I shelved it , never realizing what it was until MUCH later.Don ' t expect to dance , sing along , or entertain parties with it ! This is comtemplative artistic sounds , perhaps a noise version of a zen garden .
 This album has been in our family for generations and each Holiday Season we try to play it to bring back wonderful memories . I would highly recommend this for your Christmas Library . This album brings back happy times as a young child and rembering how wonder the Christmas season is when Family and friends are close .
 Excellent songs in German song-writing . Relaxing with some touch of blues . This CD is definetly for everyone who likes to listen to German lyrics .
 Prestation de tr&egrave;s bon niveau . Emballage soign&eacute; , envoi rapide . Service tr&egrave;s r&eacute;gulier , je le recommande sans h&eacute;sitation . Les prix sont tr&egrave;s comp&eacute;titifs .
 Unfortunately I lack the words to describe such a moving artist . Ms. Boulay 's voice and lyrics reach into the heart , soul and mind of the listener irregardless of what spoken language the listener understands.I am not a die hard live fan , but Ms. Boulay 's live tracks are truly wonderful as well.Listen to the music at your leisure and make your own conclusion ; I do n't believe you will be disappointed . If this particular style of music is unusual for you , I urge you to step outside the boundaries of your musical preferences for but a moment . I suggest `` Le Saule '' and `` Tombee de toi '' to start.With over 700 CD 's in my own personal collection , I give `` Etats D Amour '' my < highest > rating and Ms. Boulay my < highest > regards.Note
 if you can listen to `` t ` es pas mon fils '' or `` c ` etait l'hiver '' and not be moved , regardless of whether you speak french ... well , i 'd suggest a full neurological workup
 Modern music , in understandable French - just what your students want ! Mine love the first track , `` Je t ` oublierai , je t ` oublierai . '' OK , the first stanza is a bit racy but the rest is wonderful . There 's a song suitable for Ecology Week and another which is an old folk song that tells a story that Level 3 and 4 students should be able to easily follow . Allez-y !
 While visiting Quebec City , I heard her CD playing in a clothing store . I asked who the artist was , walked to the music store down the street and bought it . If you like Jewel , Tori Amos , Alanis Morisette , etc. you 'll LOVE this . I 'm now buying several more through amazon.com for my sister and a couple friends for X-mas because they heard my CD and LOVED it . Ca n't find it in any US stores ... yet ! It 's mainly in French , but her voice and the music is so good , it does n't matter .
 Isabelle Boulay is amazing !!! I bought her first disc -LRB- Fallait Pas -RRB- because I liked one of the songs . Then , without hearing anything from the second disc -LRB- Etats d'Amour -RRB- , I bought it , and now I ca n't stop listening to it . Especially C'Etait L'Hiver -- the words -LRB- if you speak french -RRB- are awesome . But even if you do n't speak it , it is amazingly beautiful . A friend of mine heard the disc , and he does n't speak French , but went out and bought it because she sings with such emotion that you can tell what she is saying . I do n't even need to hear her next CD -- I 'll buy it before it hits the shelves !!!
 I am putting my order in right now ! My fiance asked me to marry him in Paris , France on April 23 , 1999 -LRB- the whole thing was a surprise -RRB- . Of course , Paris was absolutely breathtaking . One of the most memorable experiences , however , was shopping around in a music store on Avenue de Champs-Elysees -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and listening to many of the CDs . I do n't know any French , but when I stopped to listen to Isabelle Boulay 's CD -- I did n't want to leave ! The amazing thing is , I remembered her name . I never wrote it down , but she made such an impression on me , that I could n't forget it !
 Isabelle Boulay , she has very `` speciale '' voice ... Especailly , the song `` L'amour dans l'ame '' & `` Un peu d'innocence '' ... are my favorites . You can feel your heart ` hurt ' listenig this musics but at the same time , all of your memories melts out ... into the vague ... . Her voice is not so strong but has the soul . . ECHO of a soul ...
 If you only buy * one * CD this year , this should be it ! I bought this CD in Quebec City totally by fluke last winter , I just wanted to try a french singer , and this CD looked good . I listened to it once and that was it
 This is an excellent album . The title track Smoke Rings is exceptional . It was the band 's closing theme song . All the tracks have a uniqueness to them . Well worth having in your music collection . The track `` My Heart Tells Me '' has some very beautiful vocals by band-vocalist Eugenie Baird . It also contains one of the great songs from the 30 's `` A Hundred Years From Today '' sung by Lee Wiley . Her voice and the band make such a great song even better . Take a magical trip back in time and purchase this great album !!!
 This album is n't for everyone , but it 's still a great album.If you 're a fan of dirty punk music , e.g. the Dead Boys , Fear , the Ramones , the Dead Kennedys , or the Sex Pistols , you 're probably a good candidate for appreciating this album . The vocals are unorthodox to say the least . Most of the lyrics are in Japanese , or English , and all of them are either spit or screamed.Every chord , piano gliss , drum beat , and jubilant yell is absolutely bursting with lightning-energy . The 5 , 6 , 7 , 8s remind me of a female , Japanese version of the Kingsmen -LRB- Louie , Louie -RRB- . They play dirty , loud , fun garage rock with the occassional rip roaring surf tune.If you have ecletic tastes , this is a good band to pick up . If you like sugary pop or strictly mainstream music , then you 'll probably think this band is full of no-talent hacks . You 'd be wrong , of course , but you 'd still have felt like you wasted money.If you 're crazy enough to embrace this kind of music , but do n't think it goes quite far enough , give Guitar Wolf a try . They hold the record for the loudest band in the world , and they 're a crazy Japanese punk band .
 Do the Mojo ! Meaning , buy this 5,6,7,8 's CD and rock out to it . `` Teenage Mojo Workout '' is divided almost equally between cover songs and originals . It 's nostalgic enough for many a retro rock fiend yet cool enough for the youthly crowd.Musicians just do n't tell us to `` do the go-go '' or sing songs titled `` Hanky Panky '' any more and that 's where this hard-rockin ' girl-trio from Japan comes in . Word has it that the band 's name originates from the notion that the fifties was Elvis , the sixties was surf , the seventies was punk , and the eighties was the 5,6,7,8 's . `` Mojo '' has the potential to soothe the savage rockabilly junkie and even the odd honky-tonk fan with it 's wailing pop of yore guitar licks , groovy hip-shaking basslines and jump-uppity drumming.Cover tracks on the CD include `` I 'm Blue '' originally by Ike and Tina Turner 's The Ikettes and `` Harlem Shuffle '' by Bob and Earl -LRB- also covered by the Rolling Stones -RRB- . The vocals are largely in Engrish , so listeners lacking patience and a sense of humor may feel flummoxed and frustrated with much of the singing . For example , the `` Harlem Shuffle '' lyric `` you slide into the limbo/Yeah , how low can you go '' sounds more like `` soar into the rainbow/Woo , harm an eagle '' . Only Japanese speakers will have the slightest clue what vocalist/guitarist Ronnie Yoshiko Fujiyama is singing about on `` New Orleans Rock , '' but the jazzy piano can be a welcome addition to the album 's line-up , especially as part of the final track . No foreign language or Engrish-comprehension skills are required to understand the the instrumentals `` Road Runner , '' `` Typhoon Girl '' and `` Green Onions '' . Knock yourself out.If the album is a `` Workout , '' then `` In the Subway '' is the cooldown . The title track features a wild tambourine while `` In the Subway '' has soft-rippling timpanies . Ronnie 's voice sounds sultry and soothing on `` Subway '' whereas she usually sings with a scratchy shout.The liner notes are mostly in Japanese , but the b & w ; studio photo of Ronnie on the back cover defies language.This CD is not recommended for everyone , but if you came to look for it here , then you probably want it and you should probably get it .
 A great album - 5.6.7.8 's will not disappoint . Every song here is a keeper ! If you 're a 5.6.7.8 's fan like I am then do not hesitate to acquire theses fantastic songs ...
 I HAVE YET TO PURCHASE THIS CD BUT I KNOW ITS GON NA BE FRICKEN FANTASTIC !! I SUGGEST EVERYONE GO OUT AND BUY THIS CD EVEN THOUGH I HAVE NOT PURCHASED IT PERSONALLY.THEY ROCK MY SOCKS !!!!!!!!! NOW I NEED A FRICKEN CIGARETTEOH BY THE WAY , I WALK LIKE JAYNES MANSFIELD
 I grew up listening to this Christmas album and years ago found it in a $ .99 bin . I wish they would re-release it . I know you can get the song Jingle Bells on iTunes but not the others . It is such a funny and wonderful collection .
 My parents had this collection as an album . I searched for this recording for a while , and it was time well spent . Several of the Christmas song recordings on this tape are hilarious and bring back good memories of holidays when I was a kid . It would be even better as a remastered CD !
 I wore this album out when I was a teenager , so I was excited to be reunited with it . The only thing I want to mention , for those of you as familiar with it as I am , is that currently there is a mislabeled track as part of the mp3 download of this album . Track 2 , `` Boy from New York City '' is not the LP version !! It is a live recording from another album completely . The original studio version of this song that should be a part of this download is nowhere to be found . Booooooo ! -LRB- I have exchanged emails with Amazon , and they are supposedly looking into it . -RRB-
 What a diverse album ... Yes , it has the ` big commercial hit ' -LRB- ie the remake of Boy From New York City -RRB- , but the rest - Kafka is one of the best non-verbal recordings ever made ! wow , and Spies in the Night simply delightful - this CD now feels a tad ` dated ' , but like good wine it is to be savored ...
 This album is so touching , yet so moving ! I ca n't say enough how I love this album so much ! It shows a different side of the Manhattan Transfer . And I do like how they try to bridge the gap from not just jazz , but modern pop from the early 80s . This album definitely stands the test of time .
 I ca n't help but be strongly biased in favour of this album as it was the first record album I ever owned . My parents gave me a cassette copy of this 10-track collection for Christmas 1982 - I was thirteen and did n't know anything much about popular music at the time . When your album collection consists of just the one recoed , it tends to stick in the mind , and these songs are now hard-wired into my long term memory . It 's good that they 're so enjoyable . I particularly like the sweet melody of A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square , and the very-enjoyable , lighthearted political name-calling of Wanted Dead Or Alive . On The Boulevard is classy MOR pop , while Smile Again is a smooth , romantic ballad . The vocal style of this superior quartet is best displayed on The Word Of Confirmation , while Kafka has no lyrics , but a plethora of high-quality scat singing . Spies In The Night taps into a similar spooky paranoia to the Twilight Zone song from their previous album , complete with a gunshot finale.I 'm on Amazon to seek out and buy the CD of this , as my venerable old cassette has finally deserted me , it seems!I think this should get a 4-star rating , but it gets an extra star from me for being my first record !! Recommended .
 This CD is another shining example of just how good music can be ! Manhattan Transfer is once again at the top of their game in terms of both performance and material . You will return to this CD again and again . These performances do not disappoint , and will move you as much as you will allow .
 You either love the MT or you just do n't understand where they 're coming from -- & I guess this is clear from the ratings here . People in the second category just do n't bother voting . `` Mecca for Moderns '' is a showcase of their amazing breadth of style , from the popular hit `` Boy From New York City '' , to the classic `` A Nightingale Sang in Berkely Square '' -LRB- the sweetest a capella version imaginable -RRB- . This album was probably the first in which the MT truly showed what they can do with a variety of musical styles ; a significant number of its tracks was reprised in their retrospect double CD `` Down In Birdland '' , a collection of their finest work -LRB- not just their commercially-greatest hits -RRB- . Of all the tracks on `` Mecca For Moderns '' , only one -- `` Wanted -LRB- Dead or Alive -RRB- -- has dated . The others never will . My favourite ? `` Corner Pocket '' .
 I had this one before in a tape , it took me long time to get it in a CD and finally got it ! I love Manhattan Transfer a lot , their voices are unique and very harmonious , it is worthy to listen their music .
 This is one of my most favorite Manhattan Transfer albums . Their harmony is amazing .
 I 've known about the Manhattan Transfer since I first heard them sing `` Operator '' . I do n't know of any other group that is this versatile . They can do it all from jazz , blues , pop , gimmick , you name it and they can sing it . If the Manhattan Transfer decided to sing the phone book , I 'd probably buy it ! `` Boy From New York City '' was one of the best covers of an older song . They made it their own !
 At last I have finally been able to get this on CD . Features thier biggest selling single and earned them a well deserved grammy award . One of the best of the best . This deal was so good I bought a second copy to give to a friend . Thanks for making it all possible and the great service.JDJ
 Shutters come down , safety inside , exile at home , this is more than just the best CD in the world ... . This is the beginning of a new music age .
 I first heard a track on the tv while I was doing something else . In a program reviewing new music . I was astonished . It did n't sound at all as all the other worthless types of modern pop . The first parallell I made was to the `` old '' 10cc . But of course , anyone who knows about Beach Boys , Brian Wilson and the `` Pet Sounds '' album would rather like to refer to those . I will go and buy at least two of the albums .
 It 's actually `` Hoops Hooley '' that sounds straight off the Beach Boys `` Pet Sounds '' album . I love this stuff . Get it !
 My favorite track is the first one , `` Bach Ze '' . `` Harpers Romo '' sounds like it should have been on the Beach Boys ' `` Pet Sounds '' album , `` Triads '' reminds me so much of `` Hawaii '' , and `` Go To Montecito '' sounds decidely like a Steely Dan tune . Laetitia and Mary are nice additions ...
 stereolab and sean o hagan might as well be the same groop ... a lovely companion piece to that cobra thing . more subtle then cold and bouncy , plus help from the lab girls . this is a solid album , great melodies and the wacky sounds youve come to expect from the whole incestuous chicago scene .
 i live in mt.shasta , california where i go snowboarding all the time . with headphones on the music of the high llamas is inspirational . to slide down the hill while listening to the llamas is like nothing else in the world . if you think driving in your car while listening is fun , try strapping on a board , hitting the powder and listening to the best high llamas cd yet , snowbug
 Find this one used while you can - it 's a perfect winter album , and one of the most gorgeous albums ever recorded .
 Well I loved Cobra & Phases ... by Stereolab !!! I loved Cold & Bouncy the previous effort by the High Llamas !! And Snowbug takes right off where the last album left off and exceeds !!!!! Phew !!! Our favorite gyrls Laetitia & Mary lend vocals on 3 of the tracks and they sound so beautiful ... Fianlly Sean gets funky and this album proves it ... Maybe it has sumthin ' to do with the help of Jim O'Rouke and John McIntyre ... This album is remarkable ... I recommend it to all !!!!
 You wo n't find a more relaxing , or a more intriguing album than this one . This is where the High Lamas peaked -- even better than Cold and Bouncy and far better than the disappointing Buzzle Bee that followed . It 's cool ... it 's cute . Best in summer perhaps . I listen to it all the time . My 9-year old daughter loves it too , but my 12-year-old son hates it . He 's into Aerosmith and the like ...
 Did you ever hear music that completely transforms your sense of time and space transporting you back to what resembles either time spent in the womb or instead a long forgotten drug induced out of body experience ? No ? Oh ... Snowbug by The High Llamas has that sort of effect . This is very different music . It is completely magical , lushly mellow , but eerily familiar in a very deep , spiritual way . Listening to this album reminds me of Mel Gibson 's character in the movie conspiracy theory . Throughout the movie Gibson is haunted by these very fuzzy flashbacks to something that he knows nothing about . These visions seem so familiar to him yet he ca n't make sense of them . In case you had n't seen the movie I wo n't ruin it by saying any more . Snowbug has a similar kind of effect on me but not in the unpleasant way that Gibson 's character experiences it . For me they are very vague recollections of moments of childhood . I remember sitting in the backseat of our '69 Lincoln traveling along the belt parkway , my young parents in the front , and the associations `` Windy '' on the radio . This music throws me back to that era . It is psychedelic and nostalgic without being contrived . If you have n't already figured it out I absolutely love this music . I think it is the most interesting and satisfying CD I 've had the pleasure of adding to my collection in a very long time.This music is about atmosphere but it is more than just aural wallpaper . Snowbug is an album , which defies classification . It 's some sort of retro - futuristic easy - listening lounge music , except it 's very ... strange . This sonic delight is a masterpiece of modern production . Throughout the listener is caressed with the deep rich sounds of strings , marimbas , brass , and electronics while the angelic timbres of flute , banjo , nylon guitar , glockenspiel , and the beautiful vocals of Latetia Saidler of the similarly quirky Stereolab . All of this has the potential to evolve into a cloudy harmonic bisque but alas there are never two timbres occupying the same harmonic frequency at the same time resulting in a crystal clear recording with the delicate harmonics slicing their way through the lush atmospheres below while never overstepping the boundaries so effectively introduced by the production team.Fans of the group Stereolab will find the confines of Snowbug to be warm and hospitable . The sounds are similar but while Stereolab strives for the upbeat and rhythmically diverse , the high llamas continually seek to melodically yet sedately pay homage to composers of the past . The album 's first track , `` Bach Ze , '' speaks for both the band 's exacting nature and its almost quaint futuristic drive . The chorus -- `` From moon to Mars the sliders slip/But now we rarely make the trip '' -- rises over whispered acoustic guitar , stately strings and electronic teasers , mourning a musical and verbal image of a '60s - era studio producer poring over his mixing board . The band 's backward gaze becomes a bit less explicit as it traipses along -- as the lyrics to `` Harpers Romo '' tell it , `` Shutters come down , safety inside/Exile at home , this is more than just a place where we hide '' -- but a eulogistic glance at the past is never too far from view . `` Snowbug , '' like all of the Llamas ' work , is mostly a meditation on a small handful of closely related melodic themes . Those melodies are always stunning , though , as crafted by a band graced with the hands of musicians and the ears of producers . The songs are rich with sounds of instruments and styles ranging from French pop , Brazilian rhythms , acoustic instrumentation , wah-wah pedals , nylon guitars , and vibraphone . The Llamas are hip to the current trend in the recording industry of integrating the live studio in lieu of a reliance on studio gadgetry . The live element brightens up the recording as a whole , with an abundance of evidence on such songs as `` Green Coaster '' and `` Cookie Bay '' -LRB- the latter featuring vocals from Latetia and Mary -RRB- . Snowbug is a masterpiece of adult contemporary pop . The dreamy soundscapes coupled with the catchy melodic musings and intricate arrangements is toothsome and satisfying . The production is a tour de force . If you own a high quality audio system treat it to Snowbug . The sophisticated craftsmanship will overwhelm your musical senses and leave you humming for weeks to come .
 Best album I 've heard since Radiohead 's OK Computer.One of the most creative pop bands going today , this has to be the Llamas finest effort yet . The album is so damned catchy I 've played non-stop for the past 3 weeks . I 'm sick of it , yet I ca n't stop listening even so!Favorite tunes change from day to day but Janet Jingle and Green Coaster have to be the most infectious things I 've heard in years . Is it possible to give a higher rating than 5 stars ?
 Pay no attention to those critics behind the cathode ray curtain who lament all evolutionary influence . Sure , at times these Llamas do sound a bit like Brian Wilson or Steely Dan . Everything - including music - is evolutionary - reguardless of your perticular genius . This music surely stands on it 's own . Things get off to a bright start with the acoustic guitar and banjo of `` Bach ZE '' , with just enough strings to warm and soothe . Not only will you not tire of `` Harper 's Romo '' , but you will likely join in with your own improvised melody . `` Hoops '' is probably best appreciated while driving through a very slow carwash -LRB- you 'll see -RRB- . `` Cookies '' is a tasty , casual Euro-Pop ditty with generous portions of signature `` Ba-ba-Bahh '' harmonies , followed by an agreeable `` Triads '' containing some nice rythmic and instrumentational foils . Be patient with `` American Scene '' , `` Montecito '' , `` Janet Jangle '' and `` Amin '' . Although they do n't surprise , they will delight.The 45 seconds of `` Daltons Star '' is really enough . With all of it 's Baldamenti-isms , `` Cotton to the Bell '' could have been a more memorable theme song for Lynch 's Twin Peaks . `` Green Coaster '' is just plain perfect pop with great ensemble playing and singing . The pure beauty and deceivably complex layers of `` Cut the Dummy Loose '' make it one of the prettiest and most unforgettable songs the Llamas have ever done . This is one chance you should take . It sounds damn good in the morning - and nightime too !
 This is probably the best High Llamas album to date . It is even better than Gideon Gaye and easy-listening 's concept album `` Hawaii '' . The lab girls , Mary Hansen and Laetitia Sadier lend their beautiful voices to a couple of songs , which would not sound so great if performed by Sean himself . This album also has a lot to do with Brazilian music and Bossa Nova , a new direction the group seems to be pursuing , yet maintaining the Llamas ' trademark sound
 Sean O'Hagan was one-half of the late , great Microdisney , one of the great underappreciated groups of the 1980s . Freed from the angry missives of his partner in crime , Cathal Coughlan -LRB- later of the Fatima Mansions -RRB- , O'Hagan 's albums as the High Llamas reveal a melancholoy , sedate side that more than once sounds like Microdisney 's `` Everybody Is Fantastic . '' `` Snowbug '' is n't acid jazz , but it 's also not pop , new age , or even the dreaded `` adult album alternative . '' It sits out there just barely on the edge of the avant-garde , applying modern instrumentation to the classic pop structure . And while O'Hagan can certainly sound like Brian Wilson when he wants to , `` Snowbug '' is not 1960s schmaltz merely reworked with a few dots and loops.Do the High Llamas ever cut loose ? `` Green Coaster '' is a pleasant surprise -- uptempo , bouncy in the extreme , light and playful . As the penultimate track , it 's sure to leave a smile on your face as you wonder why your friends have n't yet heard of the High Llamas .
 i stumbled onto giddeon gaye and could not have been more pleased so i followed up some months later with snowbug ... wow ... efforts like this are rare , this is the direction music could stand heading in for a while !! buy it !
 If I had to choose one word to describe this CD , I would probably choose `` easy-going . '' The 13 tracks on Snowbug are jazzy and melodic , with casual tempos that seem to say `` Why hurry ? '' Add some fun excursions with keyboards , combine with the fact that some songs take over a minute to completely fade out , and you 've got a CD that positively saunters . There is exactly one song which has a faster flow to it , but it does n't really count , seeing as how it only lasts for 54 seconds.Hope you do n't like your lyrics meaningful , either . Vocalist Sean O'Hagan sings phrases like `` Greet the fabric pattern chain '' and `` A run to space could save the South '' as if they meant something , rather than being pure nonsense . I suspect the lyrics have more to do with the sound of the words than their actual meanings . Guest vocalists Mary Hansen and Laetitia Sadier are the high points of this CD . Both of Stereolab fame , they contribute smooth harmonies to a few of the songs . O'Hagan is a competent singer ; although he does n't quite have the range he thinks he does , as his voice gets more than a little wavery in some places.I found I enjoyed this CD the most when I put it on as background music , since I got a little bored listening to it actively . It does n't get in the way when you 're trying to work , yet it provides fairly entertaining atmosphere . If you want to sit back and relax to jazz that 's a little more spacey than your old standards , buy Snowbug and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I was a fan of Stereolab when I heard about this associated group . I walked into Best Buy and bought their only copy on the shelf . Yet , the MTV bands have hundreds of CDs on the shelf . This does n't make any sense to me . To compare the two musical styles , I would say play Stereolab at night and Llamas during the day . All the instrumental portions of this CD are excellent -LRB- I think their even better than some of my Santana instrumentals -RRB- . The one thing I do n't understand are the lyrics . They seem to have a feel and be coherant , but are worthless . Yes , I would say that they try to create a song of feeling like the Beach Boys . The CD is great , but there is some potential to add meaning to the words . I do n't know if this band is into that , but even if they kept the lyrics the same , I would still buy it . The instruments are crystal clear -LRB- good ! -RRB- To sum it up , this is a smooth but poppy album . I would check it out if you like either the Beach Boys or Stereolab -LRB- they sound like the sweet happy songs of Stereolab -RRB- .
 Wow ! With `` Snowbug '' , a return trip to `` Hawaii '' , Sean O'Hagan and friends have created their most accessible CD yet . While retaining the Wilsonesque arrangements for the most part , the vocal aspects of the production have been honed to a more refined level , thanks in part to the inclusion of more female background vocals . Gone are the avant-garde electronic-bloop excursions of `` Cold and Bouncy '' . The new direction on this CD is the incorporation of Brazilian influences into the already exotic High Llamas cocktail . These developments in the band 's sound gives `` Snowbug '' a warmer overall feel than any of their previous efforts . I do n't see how any critics could argue the true excellence of this collection of songs , though many have pointed to the Llamas too-strong Beach Boys influence in the past . It is unassailable in it 's musical genius , a beautiful work of art .
 This is fast becoming my favorite High Llamas album of them all.Not because of any one stand-out tune , but because all of them flow together so nicely . It 's not overly-long -LRB- like Hawaii -RRB- , it does n't annoy with gratuitious electronic burps and farts -LRB- like Cold n Bouncy -RRB- , it does n't plunder the past so obviously as Gideon Gaye , but it is still more mysterious and conceptual , less pop-oriented than Santa Barbara.Snowbug seems to work on every level -- play it quiet and it is unobtrusive background music , or turn it up and it is mellow , but groovy . I do n't seem to get tired of it and I have been playing it almost daily for a month . There 's not too many other albums I can say that about . Listen to the fade-out of `` Do n't Go To Montecito '' ... the Llamas find a groove there that could go on all night . As they say , it 's all good ...
 This is a pretty fantastic recording of church music from an ancient Syriac community that traces its lineage back to the Assyrians of ancient time , based in eastern south eastern Turkey . Its amazing how close it sounds to the ashkenasi pronounciation of Herbrew . Sounds just like the aramaic prayers from the jewish liturgy.Accompanied by bells . Heartfelt and moving .
 Five are definetly the world 's greatest boy band . Even though they split up , they are still awesome . `` Let 's Dance '' is a very poppy song , and definetly makes me want to dance as the title suggests . The extra track `` Sometimes '' is awesome and the remix is pretty good . The Megamix rules and overall `` Let 's Dance '' is a good single to buy.I recommend it to any people who like dance music , pop music or anything catchy . Also , if you 're a huge Five fan , this is a must to buy . A definete 5 star .
 The group Five is amazing . This song is absolutely wicked , you can definitly dance to this song.This songs makes me want to sing and dance , it just really cheers me up . I would definitly buy this cd all the way . Five are the best group out there with bit of rap , rock and pop in their music . I LOVE this song and I LOVE Five .
 I do n't really remember what 's on this one . I purchased to install in my MP3 for walking/jogging and it 's fine
 I saw ROR for the first time last year open up for King 's X -LRB- another fine band that everyone should check out and support -RRB- at the Starland Ballroom . Normally I 'm not blown away by the local or regional acts that are scheduled before the headlining band I 'm there to see . This was not the case with ROR . Their performance was absolutely incredible and I had to get one of their CDs . Unfortunately , no cash at the show so to my surprise I found their CDs on Amazon . Surfacing is a much more mature project that seamlessly moves from track to keep the music flowing smooth . I say mature because I think this CD is more refined than their first one The Looking Glass and I also think that they have found their sound , which I must say is a powerful one at that . If you are fan of good rocking music than buy this CD . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Bob Marley never won the French Open , but if he did he would sound like this !
 If you are looking for the songs , do n't get this soundtrack , but if you are looking for a unique and entertaining film score , then give this a try . Many of the tracks contain music with a chorus . The most popular tracks have a pop beat over the choral and classical-type music . The main theme has been used on several movie trailers including `` Romeo Must Die '' and `` The Patriot '' . The best tracks are 16 -RRB- Hanging and 17 -RRB- Escape .
 Craig Armstrong proved with his Romeo and Juliet score that he can seamlessly mixed several genres of music together to create and incredible score . Many have complained that the modern sound of Plunkett and MacLeane completely contradicted the movie 's pre-industrial revolution setting . But it works in ways a period score would fail . I 'll go thru some of the tracks.Track 1 sounds like a church choir and is really only there to reverse what expectations you might have of what is to come . Although the rest of the score makes great use of choral effects.Track 2 ` Unseen ' is full of tension and booming bass . Orchestra , angelic voices and nervous sound effects fuse together into a brilliant ` driving ' piece . This track is sure to get your blood flowing.Track 5 ` Rochester ' is the theme for Alan Cumming 's character and is another example of how not all of this score is techno . It 's a fine violin piece that sets the mood for the comic relief of Lord Rochester.Track 7 ` Ball ' is , quite simply , awesome . It 's THIS music that would n't be out of place in a nightclub today . And it perfectly contrasts the scene in the movie , adding a smart edge and an element of sly class.Track 9 ` Business ' has so much crazy excitement it rivals the booming track 2 . It 's truly rousing and pulse-pounding . Much fun indeed.Tracks 16 , 17 and 18 are just one giant track cut into three easy segments . It begins with a long , slow but unbelievably tense crescendo of swooping orchestra and sinister choir . Then , at the peak of the build-up and on the highest possible octave , the score jumps to the same nervous chase music showcased in tracks 2 and 9 . It 's an effort to get thru these 3 tracks because they take you thru so many emotions . But how many soundtracks do this for you?Houses in Motion -LRB- track 19 -RRB- is a cool song with cool lyrics that blends into track 20 for a peaceful , sombre and gentle fade out to a score that takes you everywhere.Truly , a CD that must be owned by anyone who loves and appreciates music . No doubt , 5/5
 I 've always been an admirer of Craig Armstrong 's work . Whether it be his `` The Space Between Us '' cd , or his contribution to the Moulin Rouge soundtrack . So perhaps that 's going to make this review somewhat biased , but at least now you are forewarned.As I 've long said , words are chosen for a reason . They carry meaning . They impact . So understand what you 're in for when you realize that Craig Armstrong appears on Massive Attack 's `` MELANKOLIC '' label . Indeed that is what this is . It is kind of haunting , and kind of sad . It 's even a little troubling . But , it is totally beautiful at the same time.Armstrong 's work has always been very soundtrack-esque . Most of his efforts sound as if a score to something . This is no different . It fits the movie extremely well , and I found the choral arrangements -LRB- very Bendectine like -RRB- both soothing and chilling . Yet , this work stands on its own with little need to resort to the film.That 's true for most of Armstrong 's work . As I write this , it is a grey-thunder-filled sky that hangs above . Rain is sheeting down , and as I look above the monitor out the window , this song `` Rebecca '' off this cd fits extremely well as I watch the inhabitants of this fine city go about their daily , mundane chores.But , by contrast , I 've played his other cd `` Space Between ... '' , which is equally as haunting , as I just sat and watched our cats asleep in my Herman Miller , as the sun streamed through the windows right on them . And too , the music was perfect.In short , very smooth strings and choral arrangements , with occassional resorts to noticeable electronica . The moods range from dark to forlorn -LRB- i.e. , a bereft sense of forlorn , not despair . -RRB- Other times , you get the lost in the Yorkshire Forest at dusk kind of mood . But it all is very , very beautiful.Very worth having , indeed try to pick it up . Also in this vein , pick up his other cd mentioned above . Beyond that , try either of the two cd 's by Alpha -LRB- `` Come From Heaven '' and `` The Impossible Thrill '' -RRB- . If you get especially inquisitive , look into the `` Virgin Suicides '' soundtrack by Air . Just be aware that there are two soundtracks for `` Virgin Suicides '' so make sure you are looking towards the Air version .
 I saw the movie and loved it ... the soundtrack is excellent , Ball , Businnes , Hanging and Escape are all amazing . The powerful choral singing with the pumping dance beats , will make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end . I love it !
 The reason I bought this CD was because of the music during the hanging/escape scene . This , as you will know if you 've seen the film , is classical music . When I bought this CD I saw reviews from other people who thought that this was a good dance CD . Although there are 3-4 dance tracks on this CD , the majority is classical stuff . So if you are like me and want the classical music from the film , then you wo n't be disappointed ! Although I am not a fan of Massive Attack or dance music in general in fact , I have to comment on the superb arranging/composing on this CD . If I could compose music like this , then I would be a happy man !
 I was the first , and maybe only , to see this film in Seattle . I bought the sound track immediately , as it was , along with Alan Cumming and the fireworks , one of the best ingredients in the movie . I thought Craig Armstrong should have been nominated for an Emmy for this soundtrack , but with no marketing it was entirely overlooked . Now , after a little over a year has gone by , I still like this sound track ...
 I bought this cd after listening to 30 seconds of track # 17 on internet radio that plays movie scores . I literally make me turn my head and look up what it was exactly that I was listening to.As a soundtrack collector this is something you must have , especially if you like costume dramas , because this music screams `` period piece '' at you.The rich sounds of Gregorian choruses , classical music and occasional electronica and techno jolts make me feel like I 'm flying when I listen to this . The music is rich , deep , haunting and at times sounds like a crazy horse galloping though an 18th Century haunted forest . I think this cd is so intricate , crafty and complex that it should be mandatory listening to anyone with ears.The best part of the score is how each track sounds better than the next . Track # 7 The Ball for example is a very modern trance with violins giving it that classical edge , but be careful if you 're driving and listening to it , or you might break the speed limits . This piece also sounds like some sexy dark Vampire dance scene , something you might watch in a totally far fetched movie story line - it 's that exotic and cool . Track # 9 sounds like an outdoor dinner in some rich king 's court , with light violins and background modern rhythm , a really nice combo.My favorite part was # 16 & 17 , a true work of musical art . It 's live , strong , colossal , fiery and full of adrenaline piece of score . It 's crazy but those two tracks are so grand , they can make tears come out of my eyes . I have always loved music and scores but these two pieces always touch my heart when I hear them . If I have n't seen the movie I would guess they were from Amadeus or Immortal Beloved.Overall this score is simply gorgeous . I urge everyone to listen to the clips although they are teasers and they might not develop into the full flavor potential of each track , yet they are indicators whether this soundtrack is for you . If this cd does n't submerge you in another world , then I do n't know what will .
 ok I gave this 5 stars because of those fabulous tracks such as `` the ball '' and the hanging one and the escape . They really are a fabulours mix of classical and contemporary music , but where did the other tracks go ? The rest of the soundtrack is just loads of dark dingy music that really isnt worth listening too , and yet when you watch the film again there 's a handful of songs that arent on there ! why not ?
 I am still wondering why this guy is not a little bit more famousHis mix of very well orchestrated synthetic sounds with Gregorian like choirs are simply so relaxing.If you are scared of flying , buy it and listen to it on your next trip , it is better than Prozac : - -RRB-
 I loved the movie , but the sound track is even better . I have one at home , one for the car and one for work , and always have one to give away . Without my realizing it at the time , he also introduced me to the Tiger Lillies , a wonderful eccentric London group - I learned about later on Ovation - whose followers may be small in number but are very loyal to these brilliant lyricists and musicians -LRB- got ta like the accordian ! -RRB- . Armstong should have gotten nominated for a Golden Globe or Oscar for this score before Moulin Rouge ! I like it much better .
 Let me begin by saying that I became addicted to film scores several years ago . Since I began listening to them I have purchased nothing else . As an independent writer , I use them for inspiration when I write since they do not have distracting lyrics . I am not a music expert and know little about scoring a film . I just know what I like.And I loved PLUNKETT & MACLEANE.As a general rule , I usually do n't buy soundtracks to movies that I have not seen but after hearing that haunting theme used in the trailers of THE PATRIOT and ROMEO MUST DIE , I decided to take a chance with this one.It paid off big time.Since I have purchased the CD , I have not taken it out of my 5-disc changer . I absolutely loved the score but I can not tell you what CDs I would compare it to . It is clearly an underrated CD that many people do not know about . If you like the little thirty second clips available on-line , you will love the rest of the disc ...
 I have seen this film some time ago , when i was only 15 years old . Then i thought the film was OK ! REcently I saw it on TV and I felt like `` I have to by the soundtrack '' ! I really like Craig Armstrong for his - Moulin Rouge , Romeo + Juliet and As if to Nothing . This one is a tricky combination of Romeo + Juliet and some electonic streams . Maybe looking from now , the could be more rhythm . Very good !!!
 While the classical tracks on this soundtrack are evocative of the mood and imagery of the actual film , what caught my attention was the Massive Attack addition to the score . Generally , when it comes to `` period '' movies , I 'm not a big fan of modernized scores , because it undermines the whole feel of the time period in which the movie takes place -LRB- i.e. Romeo and Juliet , with Leo DiCaprio -RRB- . That 's my personal opinion , of course . However , this soundtrack , and especially because of the dance beat to some of the tracks , really seems to work with the energy of the film . Not for everyone -LRB- and this is definitely not a dance-able soundtrack overall -RRB- ... but a very good addition to your collection if you 're into variety in sound and particularly if you like Classical music .
 This score was great . After seeing the trailer for Romeo Must Die , I wondered where the great choral piece came from . Once I found out , I bought the soundtrack immediatley . I reccomend getting this score . Escape is one of the best action pieces I have heard in a long time .
 I saw this movie in England and I loved Craig Armstrong 's mix of techno and classical . You 'll appreciate it more if you see the movie first , though .
 After watching this great movie , I really got into this music . One scene that was great , was when there was a formal ball where all the period costumed people danced to the later day music . Fantastic . Highly recommend this CD and the movie , which , unfortunately , is mostly available only as a Region 2 DVD and hard to find in America .
 This CD is the epitome of good soundtrack music . You 'll get a variety of good music in this album . Definitely recommended .
 Having watched the movie , I ran out and bought the soundtrack the next morning . I have enjoyed most of the CD , but I was a bit disappointed that not all of the songs from the movie were in there . It would be great if one could somehow get those ... . if anyone knows - please pass it on !
 The score by Craig Armstrong is brilliant . If you 're a Hans Zimmer fan or like Graeme Revell , Trevor Rabin , etc. . Then you 'll love this CD . Filled with vocal pieces which are tragic , but still keep in touch with today 's times . Hymn , Ruby , Ball , Hanging & Disaster are tracks to look out for . Great Cd if you liked the Crow , Devil 's Advocate , Crimson Tide & The Negotiator .
 I 'm quite a fan of Craig Armstrong . The meld of electronica , techno and classical works wonderfully well here . Evocative , melancholy and even strangely soothing at times . Skip the movie , use the money to buy the score .
 I would like to buy this movie but in English subtitles . Could you help me ?
 that was my last favorite era in the R&B movement and talk about a musical gumbo ? it had so much pressence and flavor . alot of important acts came along during this time period.great hybrids of styles , beats and grooves . so many incredible talents on this compilation .
 I looked for a good video to watch while I practiced the moves I had learned in a class . This video helped me to watch as I practiced in front of a mirror . This video covered all the basic moves , as well as using zils and scarves . This video makes learning to belly dance easy even if you 've never taken a class . Maybe abit dated for a video , but excellent for learning belly dancing . Highly recommend for beginners .
 A must have for those learning to bellydance . When you ca n't get to a class , use this video . Very easy to follow the steps . This is a wonderful find .
 Just so everyone knows , Atea is NOT that stiff in real life ! She must be camera-shy -LRB- a lot of us are -RRB- . She is an excellent dancer , although she could use a bit of meat on her . Still , for basic moves and correct technique , it 's a good starter video .
 This tape is wonderful . It does not make you break a sweat as far a workout goes but if you are wanting to learn some belly dance basics this is easy to follow . Great tape I love it it was so much fun
 I have all 3 of the Magical Motion videos and have found them to be marvelous ! The instruction is clear and easy to follow . The solo performances are lovely to watch , beautifully choreographed and inspiring . These are must-haves for anyone interested in learning to bellydance .
 I 'm a beginner at bellydancing , and I found this video quite helpful . I was n't sure about how well it would teach me at first , until I started performing the moves along with the tape - the camera angles are very clear , and each move is demonstrated succinctly . I suggest anyone using this video also stand in front of a mirror while performing the moves to get a clearer understanding of the instructions , or else it can be difficult to know if you are doing the moves correctly . Enough moves are taught to make a very decent dance , although some help with choreography would have been more helpful than just suggesting that the dancer `` improvise '' . Even the performace sequences are somewhat helpful , if just to see the variety of costumes . The historical information at the beginning is also a great touch .
 This is a great video for learning basic belly dance technique.I am a professional dancer , and I recommend this video to women who are interested in learning how to belly dance.Atea has a very gentle demeanor , so the tape is not too intimidating for a beginner ; she covers the basics well however , so that students who choose to continue with real-life classes have a good foundation to build upon.Atea covers finger cymbal -LRB- zil -RRB- patterns , slow -LRB- taqsim -RRB- movements , isolations and shimmies.There is a whole section -LRB- 5 min . or so -RRB- at the end where women dance in different costumes , so that you can see how the moves can be put together .
 I am a beginner and after viewing magical motion I feel that I am on my way to becoming a great dancer.Atea is a great instuctor she takes great care in guiding you through the moves with precision.The dancers in her troupe -LRB- some of them anyway -RRB- were pretty good especialy Nina one of her dancers I really liked her dance style.I also appreciated the history lesson at the beginning of the video.My only gripe is that I must agree with another reveiw I read about Atea , she is stiff and uncomfortable in front of the camera.But she does have some gracefullness , her style reminds me of a ballerina and she knows her hip moves.over all as a beginner I feel that this tape was very educational and motivates one to discover more about this dance form that has been around since the dawn of civilization !
 I have been taking Belly Dance lessons for several years . I found this tape very helpful and the instructions clear . I think the intent of the tape is to introduce certain movements and let the viewer be creative . So if you are looking for a full workout you will not get it from the tape . You have to make your own . But that is one of the beauties of the tape . If you want to dance in the privacy of your home or if you are thinking of taking lessons , I think this would be great for you . It is a very gentle tape . Do not be fooled by the 1996 date listed here . That must be the reprint date , my tape said 1985 which explains the dated hair and makeup . Atea is not the most animated speaker but I think that is in line with gentle nature of the tape . I think the tape is very much in the spirit of belly dancing as it encourages the viewer to use her own style .
 Bellydancing is an ancient art form . Its origins can be traced to India , Africa and Polynesia . This dance is suitable for all ages and body types . The fluid graceful movement provides focused exercise for the pelvic , hip and stomach regions . When you add the arm movements , this exercise is expressive and creative . The first section of the video gives some of the historical background to this dance.The arm techniques will give you more flexibility and strength . As you move your entire body , the natural movements will exercise every muscle in the body . It will especially strengthen the abdominal muscles . While you are dancing away your belly , you will also notice improved posture and self-confidence . For this video , you do n't need any exotic costumes , although the ones the dancers wear are absolutely the best I have ever seen . You may want to buy a scarf for one of the latter sections to learn veil techniques . Finger cymbals are also used , but you can just pretend you have them.This exercise video begins with a warm-up , then Atea shows you all the basic moves . The 5 dancers featured in this video show you how to incorporate the basic moves into a more free-style dance . There is no fancy footwork and the dancers are quite good . All the moves are easy to learn , but will take time to incorporate into your own dance routine.Bellydancing is a low-impact exercise , yet you can feel you are getting a great workout . You will start with stretching , head rolls and some basic warm-up exercises . Then you move a section where you learn basic hip movements . You will then learn to isolate and control various muscle groups . If you wear comfortable clothing , you will be able to accomplish all the moves . There is music in the background , but it is n't the focus.Bellydancing is healthy for the mind , body and spirit . If you want to put a little oriental spice into your exercise routing , this is not at all a traditional workout . It is very enjoyable and not at all fast paced . Take your time and enjoy the dances that were born at the beginning of time . ~ The Rebecca Review
 If you want a good intro to this style of dance , this is an excellent place to start without leaving the privacy of your home . The instruction is clear , excellent lighting , gorgeous costumes and the quality of the tape is very good . My only complaint is that I really would have liked to learn a complete dance so that I knew how to put the moves together and feel the `` finished product '' .
 Great video for intro to belly dancing and for reinforcing what you already know . I love this video , I also bought their Belly Dance Fast Moves , and Slow Moves , great , great , great , training videos . Also highly reccommend `` The Ancient Art of Oriental Belly Dance ''
 Atea is indeed a gentle and warm guide as she demonstrates basic moves and gives a good background to the dance form . It is nice to see the variety of dancers demonstrating different styles and costumes .
 This video has been made years ago , the scenary , the efects , the make up and other things tells you that this is an old tape . there you 're gon na find only extremly basic movements.I didnt like that the tape has many cuts to introduce each part of the video , that i find really a waste of time that could be use in teaching . But in the other hand is quite simple and easy to follow.Atea is quite cold as a trainer , doesnt transmit the energy and strenght that belly dance carries itself . And you can see her reading the lines she 's telling in front of the camera.But still is a good choise for a first learning Belly Dance video .
 This is a great introduction to belly dancing ! This starter video takes you through many moves for the dance with a peek at veil work , finger cymbals and costuming . Good value for the time and quality of instruction.Unfortunately , you can learn some of these moves incorrectly with this or any tape . If you can , find a local class/instructor . Plus , it 's more fun to learn with a whole group of women !!
 I have rented this video from my local library ; and I 'm impressed with the care that was taken to provide a gentle atmosphere and clear instruction . The music fit the beautiful movements and costumes , and I liked the briefing on Belly dance -LRB- oriental dance -RRB- history . However , the harsh lighting made some of the dancers look washed out and the use of heavy makeup was in poor taste .
 I bought this video because I 've become interested in Bellydancing as an artform and workout regimen . The video is great for demonstrating technical Bellydance moves . The costumes are GORGEOUS and INSPIRING , and there is a very interesting segment on the HISTORY of the dance as an introduction . The video is a bit DATED , but no matter since it is an ancient art form . There are sections teaching some use of the veil and finger symbols also which is neat . the downfall to this video is that it does NOT pull things together to create any type of routine . It just shows a new move , and so-on . I 'd like to be able to take the moves I 've learned and put them together nicely . This video does NOT show you ways to do that . It is a very GOOD inroductory tape though . You DO feel like you are receiving a beginners lesson to the dance and its origin .
 Yes , she 's a bit stiff , but it 's easy to follow if you are a beginner . You 'll be beyond this tape before long , but you can follow the basic moves easily . Once you have that you can add your own pazazz . And it 's pretty .
 This is the best by far of all the instructional tapes on learning to belly dance . The series is done very professionally and the teaching is clear and is well demostrated . Top Notch !
 Loved it , perfect for the beginner . Perfessionally done , great costumes & dancing .
 I was thinking of puchasing this video when I came accross this web site with clips from the video on it!http : / / www.magicalmotion.com/videomagicalmotion.htmlI'm going to buy it just for the fabulous explination of the belly roll .
 At&eacute;a 's approach is friendly , encouraging , and thorough . The costumes are great -- very inspiring . Unfortunately , there is no choreography , and the music is n't very Middle Eastern . However , it 's still a very good intro to belly dance , with an encouraging attitude . It 's great for the beginner with no access to classes . At&eacute;a 's approach is to let the music guide the movement , so no choreographed movements are taught . If you like a bit more structure in your instruction , this is not the video for you.The box maintains that it is a `` complete home course '' with beginner through advanced moves . In it , you will learn basic movements , as well as veil and zill work . The various movements are demonstrated regularly throughout the video by At&eacute;a and other dancers.The final&eacute; features dancers in yet another costume change -LRB- there are 50 costumes shown in this video -RRB- , dancing solos in a joyful atmosphere of friendship . You get the sense that every one of those women is having the time of her life , and that she loves this dance.I would recommend this as a first foray into Middle Eastern dance , especially if you have no way of taking a class with a `` live '' instructor . The movements she teaches are basic , true , but provide a good foundation , and the encouragement to experiment . I enjoyed her approach , even after having taken a class .
 This video is excellent . Movements are broken down and explained very clearly . It is great for beginners.The costumes are nice , and many are shown.The dances are done by various body shapes and types.It is well worth the money.Warning though , you can tell that ATea is not comfortable in front of the camera ,
 A friend recommended this to me as the best instructional video to really learn bellydance and she was right . Atea 's Magical Motion is unique compared to other bellydance videos I own and have tried . The video starts with a brief , informative history of bellydance , which reveals a few facts that I know I was n't aware of , including its health benefits.This video appeals to the type of learner that I am . Even my instructor has commented that I take my time to learn something before moving on . Atea teaches in small segments , showing us 3 or 4 related movements at a time . Her analogies work very well for me ; for instance , imagining that I 'm tracing a figure eight on the floor or a clock on the wall . She takes time with each movement and encourages us not to focus too hard or get frustrated , pointing out that bellydance should be relaxed and fun , and that perfection will come in its own time.Some other reviewers felt that Atea is a bit `` stiff . '' I think that this is because she spends a lot of time explaining the movements verbally and sometimes the visual has to wait catch up . If you watch the beginning segment closely , you 'll see that Atea and the other two dancers are trying not to burst out laughing because they 're standing in stance for such a long time waiting for the narrative to finish.While Atea reminds us of the health and fitness benefits of bellydance , she is also teaching real , genuine bellydance with all of its joy and freedom . While it will work you out because bellydance is great exercise , this is not a `` workout '' video . Personally , I 'm experiencing positive changes in the shape of my body while having tons of fun and without really trying , a great bonus.After each segment , Atea basically says , `` Okay , now let 's dance , '' showing us how to put the moves together with other dancers , who rotate with each section . In addition to learning and practicing the basic moves , watching other dancers is another important part of learning . Atea shows us a variety of dancers with many different styles to inspire us.Following segments on staccato hip movements , taxim , arms and a little taste of veil work and zills , we are treated to an incredible costume fashion show with dancers of all shapes , ages , sizes and ethnicity . Both the veil segment and the costume piece will give you lots of ideas for putting your own moves and look together.The end of the video is my favorite part . Atea points out that the heart of bellydance is really about friends getting together to share fun , joy and creativity and we are given a glimpse of a hafla . All of the dancers in the video show us their stuff . This is how my instructor teaches , encouraging freestyle dancing during breaks , after class and at weekly hafla . We learn from and encourage each other.I was drawn to my own instructor due to her passion and and love for bellydance , a passion that Atea seems to share . The first time I saw my teacher dance , she was smiling like she was having the time of her life . I 've met other instructors over the years and none got me motivated enough to actually show up at their studios . I called her at The Hippie Shack in Tulsa , OK less than two weeks later to enroll . Bellydance has literally saved my life after the loss of my husband six months ago , bringing enough joy and passion back into my life to keep me from drowning in depression.If you attend classes as a beginner , Magical Motion will help you supplement what 's being taught . If you 're not interested in classes or ca n't attend , this video is one of the best for learning bellydance in the absence of professional instruction .
 I really got into belly dance workouts about 6 years ago and purchased this video at that time . I remember hating it and thinking that it was the most worthless video I 'd seen . After falling off the belly dance wagon , I now lead a group of women who are learning to belly dance using instructional videos . In going through my collection I revisted this video and realised that it would have made a great introduction to the world of belly dance . I plan on teaching a new group next year and will use this video the first night for those who are interested in the history and basic moves . I am so glad that I gave this video another chance .
 This was my first bellydancing video . I 've taken no classes or had any sort of instruction prior to ordering this video . After less than a week of practicing , I 'm already pretty good at the basic moves she teaches , and ready for another tape . She does a very good job at breaking down each movement , you can really see how it is done . I 'd say if you are a beginner , this is the tape to get . Just remember that once you master the individual movements , you are going to need to get another tape to teach you to put the moves together into an actual dance .
 As a beginning dancer , I found the technique taught in this video gives a solid foundation to build on . Atea explains each step and teaches very clearly , and the movements are not too difficult for a beginner ! The performances feature several different dancers and many beautiful costumes , and the choreography and music are moving and inspiring . I would recommend this video to anyone wanting to try something new , and get a feel for bellydancing for fun and exercise . This video may be too basic for experienced dancers , but it makes a fabulous beginners ' tape !
 This was one of the first Bellydance instructional videos on the market and I believe Atea did not have the in front of the camera experience and production assistance of many of the slicker more current videos/DVDs . Despite Atea 's slightly stiff appearance and the somewhat dated aspects of this production , the essential information -LRB- and many of the bellydance fashions -RRB- are classic and have not changed very much at all . It is a great introduction to the dance , basic moves , history , and costuming .
 This was one of the first belly dance videos that I bought . I still love it -LRB- even after two years of serious study -RRB- . I now recommend it to anyone who wants to begin bellydance ! Atea 's choice of dancers and costumes ; her clear instructions ; the repetition of each move so that you can follow along -LRB- dance with her - as if you were at a lesson -RRB- are all excellent . The quality of everything - lighting , sound , music , introductory material - are all high . This is an inspirational as well as practical video .
 This video is well done , teaching the basics of the dance and showing a variety of costume styles for everyone . I would recommend this video to anyone just starting out learning to belly dance .
 I enjoyed this video a lot . Some of the negative comments that have been made refer to the instructor 's self-consciousness in front of the camera . But that is actually hardly noticeable , and it never shows when she 's dancing . This video was my first introduction to belly dancing and I really liked the way each basic move was presented and repeated . The demonstrations of veils , cymbals , and the attention paid to costuming -LRB- throughout the video ! -RRB- was excellent . It 's inspired me to continue and to seek out other videos , so I think that makes it a very good tape .
 This video has advantages over the others I have bought in several ways-The photography is clear and moves close enough to the dancers -LRB- in the relevent area -RRB- to allow someone new like me to actually understand what they are doing.She explains clearly what she is doing . Pretty rare!The secondary dancers are different from segment to segment highlighting thier strengths and getting a better taste for different styles.There are dance sections showing how the moves just shown can be used in dance.Overall - Good ! Wish I could find a teacher in Las Vegas .
 This video was pretty good ! She is a bit stiff and is constantly looking at the cue cards , not the camera , but she 's there to teach the moves not act ! For beginners I would say it 's good except you ca n't see the legs or feet to well . But overall it is a pretty good video and I would reccommend it solely for the knowledge of the basic moves in Bellydance !
 Someone mentioned a website with clips for Magic Motion ... and I have recieved my copy of this movie yet , but it is on the way and I wanted to tell everyone that the weblink mentioned earlier has changed to http://www.magicalmotion.com/clips.html^_^
 I ordered this video along with two others by Atea . It is a good introduction for beginners , easy and fun to follow along . But it is obviously dated , both in hairstyles -LRB- big hair ! -RRB- and video quality . I hope Atea will make an updated version of this tape.In the event she updates the video , my suggestions for improvement would be :1 . Move the history of the dance to the end of the tape , merely because when you are using it as a workout video , it 's a pain to have to fast-forward past that portion every time you want to dance .2 . More full-body shots so one can see exactly what a dancer is doing with feet , arms , etc. , rather than focusing on one part .3 . Atea is a good dancer , but she is stilted when speaking in the video and obviously reading cue-cards . I think she should stick to the dancing demonstrations and do a separate voice-over for instructions , or better yet , use someone with a more relaxed and natural voice for instructions .
 I thought this was an excellent video , the movement were easy to follow and the inspiration given by the variety of dancers was motivating.The video also gives some great ideas for costume styles and colors . I have used these tapes a number of times when writing a new performance or just working out .
 This is a mix of E.C. singles which were previously only availble on vinyl . Top of the line lyrics from Mr. Eon , Cage , Kool Keith and others , production by Mighty Mi and Alchemist . Eastern Confrence is what D12 wishes it could be .
 But divisive statements like the one above -LRB- or is it below -RRB- about D-12 are not needed in hip-hop . If you ca n't say something nice ...
 this is a damn good cd . very funny .
 i think , you have to put the names of the songs and the artists to review if the cd is ok
 Its kind of hard to apply the word `` trance '' or `` grooves '' to this album -LRB- or indeed this group -RRB- . I guess their airy spiritualish sound is what turns most people away.Techno can be trite sometimes , and it really bothers people . If I werent so thrilled with the overall sound of this album , I might count myself among that crowd.Basically what you 've got here is chick vocals over techno tracks that range from very slow and ambient to melodic goa . Only the vocals arent as insipid as you might expect . Its really worth a listen . This is a must-buy if you are into the southern california desert party scene .
 I played this album to death when I first heard `` Hipgnosis '' on a jazz station . -LRB- No , I do n't listen to jazz , I was just in someone 's car who listens to jazz -RRB- . Anyway , this song had a pleasant optimistic sound which I decided would become my inspiration track when I feel things are going good for me , and I needed a song to hear to support it . When I bought the CD , I was introduced to even more unique ambient dub instrumentation . When I played `` Hipgnosis '' and `` Deus '' on my home stereo , all that rich room-comsuming bass just blew my mind . Electric Skychurch ended up being one of the new artists that I used as my core of exploration of other artists who would be an extension of this sound . Unfortunately , Electric Skychurch ended up being in the midst of various jazz albums so that is definately NOT what I wanted more of . So , I just began reading review 's on Amazon and started reading on some comparisons from other purchasers of this Electric Skychurch album . The best sister album to listen to next to this album , is Phutureprimitive 's `` Sub Conscious '' CD . Here , you can throw a little tribal influence into this Ambient Dub experience . However , if you 're like me . This still was n't enough!This could easily be anyone 's favorite CD from Electric Skychurch . But , you know , you ca n't just allow yourself to be satisfied with this one CD . You see , if you do n't have a lot of music like this , than it can seem to become too repetitious and become tiresome rather quickly if you let yourself play this CD too much . Even I do n't care to sit through the entire playback of just the one CD . But , I have determined that this music from Electric Skychurch should be played within a mix of other Ambient Dub and other various glitch and IDM related electronica . To just play these 10 songs over and over , end to end , can get dull rather quickly . But if you listen to these songs mixed in with about another hundred IDM instrumentals than you will truly appreciate Electric Skychurch 's participation in the overall bigger picture of today 's electronic instrumentals.I have this Electric Skychurch CD shuffling amongst others in my 200 CD carrousel . These tracks by Electric Skychurch are being mixed up with tracks by Autechre , Gescom , Aphex Twin , Squarepusher , Pete Namlook , Biosphere , The Orb , The Higher Intelligence Agency , Sounds From the Ground , Phutureprimitive , Plaid , Boards of Canada , and various other similar artists of which Electric Skychurch belongs with.I also have these songs and other IDM and Ambient Dub tracks burned onto ATRAC CDR 's that is made through the SonicStage program made available only by Sony . -LRB- Check out some of Sony 's ATRAC CD players and find out why burning hours of your favorite tunes onto a single CDR is better than just loading an ipod with mp3s -RRB- Burning hard copies is definitely better than just floating your music in a temporary storage unit like an ipod . -LRB- You can make 32 hour CDR 's , and as many as you want from all your CD 's and mp3s . How many songs can your single ipod hold ? -RRB- Anyway , Kudos to you for discovering this Electric Skychurch CD , but now , explore some of the other artists I 've mentioned above . You will love this new world of sound that you 've discovered . It is more vast than you could ever imagine.If I ever have a son , I will name him `` Deus '' .
 Upbeat , but calming , this album is good for chilling out . Organic feeling electronica . Like a warm breeze on a cool summer night . Not perfect though , IMHO . Some of the sounds do n't quite seem to match the rest of the ambiance , like the chanting at in the first track
 ELECTRIC SYKCHURCH IS A WONDERFUL EXAMPLE OF TODAYS RAVE SCENE . WANDERING THROUGH YOUR BODY LIKE A FLOW OF POSITIVE ENERGY . ITS A GREAT GROUP TO LISTEN TO , WHEN THE SUN IS COMING UP , AT A DESERT PARTY . A PERFECT END TO A NIGHT OF DANCING .
 This is the perfect cd to put in after a night of partying . Great to chill out to . Track 5 and 6 are just amazing .
 This has to be the best group of performers I 've ever enjoyed . I 've seen them 4 times . . well 5 times . . once on the 55 freeway . . :P This is cd is very creative and will set you in the mood that will take your mind away from everyday life . . GET IT !!! - Darkpeace -LRB- Moontriber 4 life -RRB-
 I got this album from the label a while back , and when it arrived Iunplugged the phone , went in my room and listened to it start tofinish.Starting with the sweet , fairly straightforward rendition of `` L'Amour Looks Something Like You '' by the Aluminum Group , Iwas in heaven . After all , the only Kate cover I 'd ever heard was PatBenatar 's tinny and over-produced version of `` WutheringHeights . `` Susan Voelz -LRB- formerly ? -RRB- of Poi Dog Ponderingperformed lushly in the James Joyce-inspired `` The SensualWorld , '' and the Moviegoer 's take on `` The Hounds ofLove '' lifted my floodgates , caught my breath and made me want towrite a screenplay just to feature the song in the soundtrack.Ilove Syd Straw , and her simple rendition of `` Then Man with theChild in His Eyes '' showcased her uniquely plaintive voice . JDavis Trio 's laid-back-coolio hip-hop `` There Goes a Tenner `` was the first song on the album to really explore thevariation-on-a-theme possibilities inherent in the tributegenre.Without going song by song , here 's a rundown on the rest : `` Coffee Homeground '' is creepily interpreted by Mouse withthe Lionheart-era theatricality intact ; The Baltimores do a sort ofnouveau-punk reduction of `` Running Up That Hill '' -- I wasinitially put off by it , but grew to love its tweakiness ; `` Loveand Anger '' builds on the elation of the original version byadding raw touches ; and Thomas Negovan uses a stringensemble to make `` And Dream of Sheep '' into a heart-rending , Neil Diamond-esque dreampiece . Finish with a B-side cover , `` NotThis Time '' -LRB- arguably better than the original -RRB- , and you 've got anamazing collection of lovingly interpreted favorites.I can onlyhope that this will inspire others to look at other Kate Bush songswith an eye to covering them . And please , Kate , if you 're out there , please give us something new soon , even just a snack . -- gaw
 This is , to my knowledge , the only tribute record to the legendary Kate Bush and it showcases the talents of such luminaries as the Aluminum Group and Syd Straw . It also includes wonderful versions of Kate classics done by many of Chicago 's up and comers circa 1998 . Highlights include Justin Roberts ' laid back melancholy on `` You 're the One '' -LRB- a great reincarnation of one of my least favorite songs in the Kate Bush catalogue -RRB- , The J Davis Trio 's trip-hop take on `` There Goes a Tenner '' and Victoria Storm 's arcing vocals against The Blue Turtle Tea Party 's piano and string backdrop on `` The Kick Inside '' . But , the prime performance in this stellar set belongs to The Moviegoers ' Liam Davis -LRB- now of Chicago popsters Frisbie -RRB- whose gripping vocal on `` Hounds of Love '' truly rivals even Bush 's own virtuosity on the original . This track will be in my headphones at the gym for years to come.Tribute records often are either , at best , littered with boring redundancies , and at worst presented as some nihilistic , backhanded compliment that reduces a great artist 's work into a publicity stunt . This was my fear when I heard `` I Wan na Be Kate '' for the first time -LRB- especially since many of these artists are more or less unknown outside of Chicago -RRB- . However , producer Thomas Dunning does a deft job of not only keeping the performances high but , presenting his labor of love in an uncloying fashion . Buy this , you wo n't be disappointed . Henri Porter
 While its fair to say that most tribute CDs are n't that great , this one is a fine and rare exception ! A wonderful website accompanies the CD which gives a brilliant introduction to the process -LRB- 77 Chicago musicians , 13 engineers , 10 studios ! -RRB- and motivation behind the making IWBKate . The interviews with the producer Thomas Dunning at the Kate Bush News & Information website ... were really cool as well . There are other tribute cds out there , but I 've never found one that demonstrates what the word ` tribute ' means so effectively . Congratulations and a big thanks to the team that put this together !
 If you 're looking for a Kate Bush album , they 're all listed here and they 're all amazing . This is n't a Kate Bush album . Running Up That Hill is turned on its head for good reason . The reason being that the artist to whom we are paying tribute to has been at the forefront of creating innovative and challenging music . I recommend the reviewer below listen to The Baltimores ' RUTH on headphones . It 's an astounding version built from Kate 's song and there are some wonderful and delightful things going on amongst all those layers . However , its not meant to be Kate 's song . It 's a wild interpretation , inspired by Kate 's genius ! I 'd also suggest checking out the interview in the `` Features '' section of the Kate Bush News and Information website . Thanks for taking a chance , supporting independent GOOD music and your 2 stars are better than no stars ! :--RRB- Thomas Dunning , Producer
 Quite frankly , I 'm suprised that no one has ever done a Kate Bush tribute album . Given her cult following and ecclectic catalogue , and the number of recording artist who cite Kate as a major influence , it 's an project that 's more than a little overdue . And Tom Dunning rises gloriously to the occasion . Clearly everyone involved in this album considers this a labor of love , and it makes for a delightful listen.Some of my favorite tracks ? `` There Goes a Tenner '' is rendered in trippy-hippy-hoppy-happy fashion - clever and fun . `` Hounds of Love '' is just lovely to listen to , perhaps even better than la Kate 's version . Those who chose to cover the B-sides have my devotion , as those are among my own personal favorites . And the tracks I did n't love , well , I did n't love 'em to begin with.Simply put , if you 're a fan of Kate , you owe it to yourself to add this to your collection - and if you 're trying to introduce any of your friends to la Kate , this album could only aid you in your cause .
 yeah yeah this cd is one of the best cds that you can get from here it is one off the chain cd and all of fi yankee boys dem llike this to hear on radio listen to 91.9 wfss on the radio in the nc area
 This CD is a partial reissue of a great two-record set , which featured Dickenson in 1953 with Edmond Hall and other swing stars . The other CD , also sold by Amazon , is titled , somewhat misleadingly , `` The Essential Vic Dickenson . '' All of the '53 selections would have fit on a CD , but -- probably for financial reasons -- the two reissues only include part of the orginal material . My pick of the two CDs is `` Nice Work '' because it features Edmond Hall 's wonderful solo on `` You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me , '' and `` When You and I Were Young , Maggie , '' a slow humorous blues treatment of the folk song that perfectly showcases Dickenson . Both reissues overlap with seven selections , the best of which is probably `` Jeepers Creepers . `` The music here is swing , but , taking advantage of the LP format , the musicians stretch out in 6 to 8 minute cuts . The instrumentation suggests so-called Dixieland , but swing is the strongest influence . The general feeling of the music is relaxed , warm , and happy . The quality of the playing is excellent . Trombonest Dickenson and clarinetist Hall are fabulous . Trumpeters , including Ruby Braff , and the pianist , Sir Charles Thomson , are good but not quite in the same class.The other reissue does include `` Keeping Out of Mischief Now , '' a good cut , and two pretty good cuts
 I 've owned this CD for several years . It has to be heard to be believed . Where else do you hear solos by Edmond Hall , Ruby Braff , and Vic Dickenson with a great rhythm section led by ` Sir ' Charles Thompson on piano ? The trak `` Jeepers Creepers '' is a work of beauty , stretching out to 11 minutes -LRB- which just flies by -RRB- -- it used to get a lot of play on the Toronto jazz station CJRT up here in Canada -LRB- now www.jazz.fm -RRB- , and that 's how I got turned on to the album . ` Suspension Blues ' is dazzling , and I guarantee you 've never heard the chart for ` Everybody Loves my Baby ' played like this anywhere else . This CD is in my top-10-must-have . Enjoy .
 `` Wearing Someone Else 's Clothes '' is probably the best solo CD from anyone who is on Broadway . He shows us so many sides of himself and there is a song that everyone can relate to . He writes on such deep levels and show us that we are not alone . All of the songs are great . Some you have to get used to but once you do you ca n't stop listening to them . The best songs are easily `` Someone to Fall Back on '' , `` Coming together '' , and `` Music of Heaven . '' Of course , it is hard to pick . The CD is definately worth the money to add into your collection and it is a great thing to add if you already have `` Parade '' , `` Songs for a New World '' , `` The Last Five Years '' , and `` Lauren Kennedy
 Two things alone on this album from Jason Robert Brown are all you need to be satisfied with the purchase .1 -RRB- Track # 3 - `` Someone to Fall Back On '' is one of my all-time favorites of his . It has such a catchy , but soothing , melody line that ca n't be passed over .2 -RRB- Lilias White bustin ' it out once again on `` Coming Together '' -- adding a glorious rich sound that fans of her will love to play again and again.Few composers/storytellers can tap in to emotion with such satisfying melodies as this gifted musician . Anything he records will gladly be added to my iTunes b/c I ca n't get enough . Truly wonderful .
 I have become a MAJOR fan of this inspiring composer/lyricist . His music often sounds like Sondheim with a Billy Joel sensibility , which makes it incredibly accessible for a younger generation of Broadway fans . His works `` Songs for a New World '' `` Parade '' and `` Last 5 Years '' are innovative , deep , beautiful , and rich , setting him in a league with few modern Broadway composers -LRB- Guettel , Lippa , Tesori , etc -RRB- . Hopefully , he will land a blockbuster hit musical in the near future so his audience can grow exponentially , and more people will come to appreciate his genius.That said , Someone Else 's Clothes is a GREAT album . Songs such as `` Someone to Fall Back On '' and `` Nothing in Common '' make the album a true gem among music collections . I am so thrilled that Jason finally released these songs to a broader audience -LRB- rather than simply those lucky enough to attend a live concert -RRB- . As a musician , Brown is uncomparable , playing with an aptitude and passion that is indescribable . He is truly one of the few bright hopes for the future of musical theatre.The only reason that I did not give it 5 stars is because some of the tracks are a bit lengthy for my tastes . I also am more a fan of Jason 's writing for the stage ; and while his solo debut is excellent , his stage writing is truly sublime . So , for any fans , I suggest you purchase this CD , but be sure to pick up his others and get the full JRB collection !
 Jason Robert Brown has always had a way of making ideas seem organic ; particularly through his lyric choices . He has the ability to make a thought flow , over wonderfully expressive musical progressions . That being said , it may seem that writing for the theater , as Mr. Brown does impeccably , lends itself to this kind of immediate and honest style.So it speaks volumes upon volumes that he is able to carry this same care and specificity in to the world of pop/rock which is too often a recycling of the same five words and the same five emotions and a very `` what you see is what you get feeling '' . On `` Wearing Someone Else 's Clothing '' the crafting of these songs paints such a multi-layered picture for the chosen scenario , which is far more connected to the human experience than anything you hear on mainstream FM.Until now his vocals have been reserved for those who see him live and those who listen to the end of `` Hear My Song '' or `` I 'd Give It All for You '' on Lauren Kennedy 's album . Here we get to experiece the music as close to perfect as we 'll ever get . As who knows better where a song is emotionally grounded than the composer.If you are a fan , this disc is a must have . If you are looking for something new and different , this disc is a must have . If you were wondering where all the great song writing had gone ... it becomes obvious that Jason Robert Brown had been keeping it in a trunk by his bedside and was waiting until we were parched to `` open the floodgates . '' Jared , NYC
 Definitely is good stuff . Great voice . Diverse and wonderful . Check out Someone to Fall Back On .
 Jason Robert Brown is an amazing writer/talent . His ideas are creative and easy to listen to , so I ca n't understand why he is n't all over Broadway . I predict great things for him , especially after this album gets the notice it deserves .
 This album is proof that Jason Robert Brown is a musician 's musician , and that he has mastered many different forms of popular music . Each of these 11 songs could stand on their own as a brilliant song , and none of these have the same style or feel as another.Brown 's pure talent shines through this album , and there are several moments that are just so beautiful that I just get chills listening to them . Every lyric and harmony has been precisely placed , and the music always fits the idea of the song very naturally . There are some amazing performance moments on this album ; Brown is an incredible pianist and singer in addition to his composing and arranging talents.This is probably the album that I listen to more than any other , and I would recommend it to anyone . It is packed with amazing musicality.Don ' t listen to this while trying to get work done ; these songs will steal your attention and keep it for the whole duration of the CD .
 So hello . This is Grant , a performer and music lover . I 've followed Jason 's music from the big stuff that everyone knows to the little shows like Urban Cowboy in Coconut Grove that not everyone got to see . This CD is a MUST have . Jason 's excellence and genius shines through with such variety in this newly released CD . His adaptability is shown best in Parade , and his fantastic ability to write songs for starving singers comes through in The Last Five Years and Songs For A New World , but if you just want a great CD to listen to with fantastic variety and all around genius , this is the CD to get . This would make a great gift for any open music lover . Do n't forget to keep up on his new works . He 's a busy guy and is often coming out with new original music . Also look out for his new website !
 This compiliation of songs from gifted , Tony award winning composer Jason Robert Brown is a feast for the ears . For JRB fans , it is a chance to hear his signature style music and witty lyrics up-close and personal , without the constraints of a musical 's plot . For newcomers to Mr. Brown 's music , you 'll get a taste of everything , from the gospel sound of `` Coming Together '' to the big band swing of `` Grow Old With Me '' to the spirited rock/musical sound of `` Getting Out '' . My favorite is the ballad `` Someone to Fall Back On '' , which he often uses as an encore at his live performances . The energy in the band and vocals captures the feel those live performances . This is a ` must-have ' CD !
 What a great writer ! The lyrics are clever and often humorous . I especially love `` Music of Heaven '' and `` Grow Old With Me '' .
 Mr. Brown is the future of the American Musical . Each of his songs are like novelettes filled with rich specific detail . The range of his talent are exhibited here -- from gospel to the ` big band ' sound of Sinatra , with every stop along the way covered .
 Wearing Someone Else 's Clothes is one of my favorite CDs that I own . Jason Robert Brown is such an incredible musician . The CD is full of great songs , including `` Someone To Fall Back On '' , `` Nothing in Common '' , and `` I Could Be in Love With Someone Like You . `` If you get it be prepared to want to listen to it again and again . So many of his songs have great stories within them that you will be addicted quickly.If you can only buy one CD , make it this one !
 Hi , I 'm Toney . I 'm a 17 year old music lover , and an avid Musical Theatre performer . A good friend of mine introduced me to Jason Robert Brown , and I must say , since then , I 've been addicted . Long , Long Road is most definitely my favorite of this album . I actually heard it for the 1st time at a showchoir competition , it was a groups ballad , thier rendition was wonderful , but afterwards , I purchased this CD , and again , JRB proved himself to be wonderful . I 'm a young spirit , but definitely a fan , and I make certain to introduce my friends to what `` real '' music is . Jason Robert Brown 's work is a prime example !
 In fact , he always knows exactly what to say , how to say it , and how it scores with EXACTLY the right music.The man has an ability to express the inner hopes/fears/neuroses / ecstasies/frustrations/experience of the modern young , urban every -LRB- wo -RRB- man in a manner always heartfelt , never contrived , and sometimes unsettling when you realize he 's singing just for you.WEARING SOMEONE ELSE 'S CLOTHES brings more of this wonderful ability to our ears ; there 's a sense of optimism to the overall album in the songs he 's chosen , even amongst the poignancy of tracks like OVER and MUSIC OF HEAVEN.I COULD BE IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE LIKE YOU is clearly an early draft from L5Y , and some of it 's humor beyond the obvious lies in that recognition ... it 's a perfect vehicle for JRB 's vocal characterizations.I had to listen to OVER several times before it hit me . And when it did , it was like being punched in the stomach emotionally . Extremely effective writing , both melodically and lyrically.MUSIC OF HEAVEN really spoke to my heart ; I think the sentiments he expresses are really common amongst those seeking spiritually today , no matter what the context.GROW OLD WITH ME is a fantastic nod to some classic styling , and Dean Martin would have felt right at home with a number like this . Sweet and swingin ' . LONG LONG ROAD is one of the most personally uplifting songs I 've come across in some time . Pop this in whenever you just need some straight-up encouragement.GETTING OUT is a hard-driving , blast-your-stereo-and-rock-out-to-irony-and-funk number great for whizzing down the major freeway of your city of choice at three a.m.Nobody knows this music like the composer himself , and he performs these with an intimacy , soulfulness , vulnerability , and vocal caress unlike anyone else he could have chosen to try and do them justice . Just listening makes you feel like you 've got a lot of insight into what he 's about.Buy this cd ! Make your friends and family and enemies and children and coworkers and acquaintances buy this cd ! Support one of the most pivotal artists and creators in modern American music today .
 Admittedly , I 've been a huge fan of JRB 's shows ever since Amazon.com recommended Songs for a New World many years ago ; it 's the best recommendation I 've ever had from Amazon . I was slightly skeptical of buying this album , maybe because of the silly picture on the front of the disc . But I 've been listening to songs from this CD ever since I bought it a few months ago , and sad to say , I 'm still not tired of it.My favorite song is the title track
 A few years back , Jason Robert Brown was the great white hope of the Great White Way . He nabbed a Tony award for his musical `` Parade , '' but he never got the kind of success he deserved , so he said `` Screw this ! I 'm going to be a pop star . '' The result is a spectacular debut with piano-driven tunes reminiscent of Billy Joel 's early work , along with traces of Barenaked Ladies humor , a healty dose of soul-baring honesty and even a little gospel , mixed in with a few Jewish references , of course . On the funk-flavored , upbeat title track , Brown sings `` I got a haircut . I guess it 's cool . I just signed up for volunteer work at my shull . '' It 's a love song -LRB- go figure -RRB- . This is a CD that resonates . Occasionally theatrical . Always melodic and fresh.Broadway 's loss is pop music 's gain .
 Just when you thought JRB could n't get better he does . The music is greatly appealing to a wide range of listeners . Of course if your a fan you already have it . If you are not familiar there is something for everyone . It is n't the stereotypical musical theatre album . It has a wonderful rock/pop feel with musical theatre sensibility as only JRB can seem to produce.One of my favorites is Over . A tremendous song about a soldier who just died in the desert of some war torn country -LRB- just pick one -RRB- . It is touching , poignant , and somehow even patriotic.So anyway run to get this album because it will be a classic and if you are not into musical theatre it is because you have n't heard it executed like this .
 I am a huge JRB fan and have every single CD of his , but by far this is my FAVORITE . The music on this album spans through so many styles that it is hard to believe a person could not find one song they liked . Not only is the music extremely enjoyable but Mr. Brown 's lyrics are incredible . If you pick up only one CD in the next couple of weeks or months then make sure it is this one ! Look out for more of Jason Robert Brown because he has lots left to write!Favorite Tracks :1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 8JRB ROCKS !!! ~ Mike
 This is one of the greatest CDs ever recorded . Jason Robert Brown is an amazingly gifted songwriter and an incredible vocalist . Not to mention he must have made some pact with Satan or something to be able to play the piano like that.This CD has music that is catchy , thoughtful , sincere , and beautiful.An amazine CD .
 Did Billy Joel and Joni Mitchell have a child and hire Stephen Sondheim as their nanny , or am I just listening to a Jason Robert Brown CD?Jason is such a gifted tuneful storyteller . His music is rich and accessible , with just enough witty lyric twists to keep you gleefully guessing what he 'll say next.But the emotional moments on this disc are the ones that truly soar . They range from masterful anthems of longing and human connection as expressed by a full orchestra and choir , to quiet moments of introspection as told by a piano and a single vulnerable voice.Yet there is no particular mood you need to be in to enjoy this CD . You can groove , laugh , feel slyly catty , reflect back , and look forward all in one play through.And let me warn you , there wo n't be just one play through . Your friends and family will begin to wonder if you own any other CD 's ... and it does n't matter if you do , this one is enough .
 Jason Robert Brown is inarguably an incredibly talented musician and writer . His lyrics and tunes are beautiful and catchy , mesmorizing and witty . I love `` Parade , '' `` The Last 5 Years , '' and `` Songs for a New World '' but was a little anxious buying this CD , unsure of how he could sing although excited because when a writer sings his own pieces he does it the way he thinks it should go.My first listen through I was unsure . It was good , nothing special . But I generally feel this way with most CDs the first time so I played through it again . Here are a few songs that need mention :3 . `` Someone to Fall Back On '' - One of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard , I often leave this on repeat . The melody is touching , the chorus is outstanding with an upbeat message in a slower song . Gorgeous .7 . `` Nothing In Common '' - Another song full of message , this swift ballad about his brother is charming but emotional . JRB manages to put a lot of emotion even into his faster numbers .9 . `` I 'm in Bizness '' - Performed live JRB scats , plays the music , and freestyles his way through this one . It 's a fun song to begin with , but his playing with it makes it even more enjoyable and really showcases his talent . This , like the title song `` Wearing Someone Else 's Clothes '' , `` Long Long Road '' , `` Getting Out '' , and `` I Could Be In Love With Someone Like You '' are fun , well-performed songs . But they are all so much more as they tell JRB 's heartfelt stories through music .11 . `` Grow Old With Me '' - A fun ending to the album , this has a jazzy Sinatra-esque feel to it . This is pure fun.Overall , I highly recommend this CD . If you 're a JRB fan already there 's no way this will disappoint . And if you do n't know him this is a great way to get to know him . For people not into the musical theater scene , I 'd recommend this to fans of Jason Mraz , Josh Kelley , Ari Hest , and even the likes of Billy Joel or Elton John .
 In this offering Mr. Robert Brown has given us a piece of his amazing self . More than in any of his previous works do we see Jason the man expressed through his music . For fans of this superb composer , this album is a pleasure of pure , emotionally stimulating music . Spanning a wide mix of styles including Country , Bluegrass , Musical Theatre -LRB- of course -RRB- , Gospel , and even a bit of eighties electric guitar thrown in , the audience is treated to the brilliant and varied skill of Broadway 's greatest hope -LRB- if it can ever stop trying so damn hard to make money -RRB- . As a singer , Mr. Robert Brown has a different sound than the well-trained Broadway stars many of us are used to , but it is a clear , passionate , tender , and always fiercely invested voice . This album would be ambitious for any singer with so many different styles of singing incorporated , but Jason handles his Gospel trills as solidly as he does his amazing piano skills . We are even treated to some excellent scatting in `` I 'm in Bizness , '' which was actually recorded live at a recent concert that he did . Indeed , the avid fan of Jason Robert Brown 's music will recognize many of these songs from previous live performances , etc. . A couple of songs on the album deserve special attention . The title song seems like a jam session for `` The Caucasion Rhythm Kings , '' with an all out fun number that reminds one of a lazy Saturday afternoon . The song is about falling in love and growing comfortable with someone you love , a new role for the thoroughbred in any youngmale . Actually , the higher pitched male background vocals and slightly bouyant feel to the song puts the author in mind of Adam Guettel -LRB- who recently won a very well-deserved Tony for his latest musical `` The Light in the Piazza '' -RRB- , specifically his musical `` Myths and Hymns . '' Mr. Robert Brown will surely forgive the comparison as he has been an open admirer of Adam Guettel for several years now . The song features some beautiful , intense , slightly dissonant harmonies and several extremely clever lyrics -LRB- `` You said I do n't have to be the king of idiosyncrasy -RRB- . Other notables include `` I Could Be in Love With Someone Like You '' and `` Music of Heaven . '' For all the fans of `` The Last Five Years , '' the former is especially exciting . This song was actually in the original production of the show in Illinois ; it featured Norbert Leo Butz and Lauren Kennedy , -LRB- who has recently put out her own solo album featuring music all written by Jason . She has a wonderful , beautiful voice and has often been described , along with Mr. Butz , as the ultimate avatars of Jason Robert Brown 's music -RRB- . The song was later cut and replaced by the popular `` Shiksa Goddess '' for personal and legal reasons . It is even more fun and ... blithe than its replacement , with an extremely similar direction of melody . It successfully conveys the excitement of falling in love -LRB- with an Irish girl :--RRB- -RRB- . `` Music of Heaven , '' on the other hand , is simply beautiful ; it is a song to lose yourself in and is one Mr. Robert Brown thinks of as one of his best , according to a recent interview . It is deeply spiritual and moving to anyone who loves the art in music.Upon first listening to this album , my first thought was ... this is Jason , in the form of music . What an amazing person that man must be . The music of Jason Robert has evolved into a new , more mature , developed , and stylized character that is at once beautifully melodic and intelligently challenging to the mind . Jason Robert Brown has been my favorite composer of any kind of music for a number of years now ; this album securely places him not only in the vanguard of Broadway 's `` new generation '' of composers , but of those individual artists who are masters of their craft .
 I liked Jason Robert Brown before -LRB- I knew his musicals and one or two of his many names -RRB- , but I love him now . Here is someone working in the world of musical theatre who is doing it right . To new listeners - be warned that it takes a few times listening through a song to begin to appreciate it - I 've found that I , at least , get easily bored with songs I like right away , so consider this a good thing . To old hats , if you loved one of his shows , you 'll love this . No question . So , Wearing Someone Else 's Clothes . There is some absolutely incredible stuff on this CD . Take for instance the title song , a funked-out tale of a common problem - what do you do when society does n't like you as you are ? Wear someone else 's clothes , of course ! This falsely cheerful song does n't preach against this occurrence , as I think a lesser writer would have done , but gets his character in deep - `` anyone can be a bland infatuated sellout , '' he says , but amends `` I think you are gon na be impressed '' -LRB- at how far he takes it -RRB- . It feels good fitting in -LRB- `` it 's been highly recommended that I smile '' -RRB- , but if it 's not who you are it does feel like someone else 's life . Very clever.Then there 's the beautiful `` Someone to Fall Back On '' which I guess in one of his oldest songs on the album . Much like the last number I described -LRB- and many others on this CD -RRB- , it tells of an insecure man who is unsure of what he has to offer the world - this time the woman he loves . As he lays out his faults and insists that having someone to come home to is a greater joy than a fast and furious flame , his assertions grow stronger until he becomes all the things he insisted he was n't . Also - this song contains some of the best lyrical moments on the CD -LRB- `` I 've been alone , I 'd rather be ... the half of us , the least of you , the best of me '' -RRB- . `` Over '' is a beautiful ballad of an ugly subject , the narrative of a soldier recently killed in war , flying over the world as he leaves it . It pokes at patriotism but treats the human elements of war with much sympathy . `` Nothing in Common '' took me a few more listenings -LRB- I was distracted the first several times , so I missed important lyrics -RRB- - it 's yet another beautiful song , this time about JRB and his relationship with his brother , beginning with the boy he knew several years back that lived in his house and looked like his mother and going through the different people that this constant in his life became as they grew up . `` I Could Be in Love with Someone Like You , '' as I said , is the superior version of The Last Five Years ' song -LRB- there was a lawsuit of sorts , so really he could n't use it -RRB- . This song is riddled with wonderful jokes , lines that jump out and surprise you , and a couple wonderfully driving moments that are very exciting and musically powerful.Lastly , another fantastic song is the final , very jazzy `` Grow Old With Me , '' in which he 's finally offering himself as all he is and all that he 'll become . Written very much in the style of cheesy-broadway love-me-forever songs , it includes lines like , `` grow old with me , baby lets fossilize , '' and `` do n't leave me cold , do n't leave me rusted and crusted with mold . '' It 's adorable and it 's funny in the same way as the Beatle 's `` When I 'm Sixty-Four . `` So , if you have any interest in musical-type numbers and are n't afraid of songs that tell a meaningful story that you have to work a little bit to uncover , then you will love this album . This is n't music to have quietly playing in the background - it 's stick-it-in-your-ears-and-let-the-rest-of-the-world-slide-away stuff . You wo n't be sorry .
 After several wonderful Broadway soundtrack albums , we finally have the opportunity to hear songs sung by the master himself!I 've been fortunate enough to hear Jason Robert Brown perform most of these songs live on stage so I was thrilled to be able to purchase this CD and have these gems to play at home , over and over again -LRB- and believe me , I do ! -RRB- . His lyrics are so personal , truthful , witty , funny , heartbreaking and most of all , genuine and real . And although JRB might not be starring in any of his own Broadway shows anytime soon , his voice is an absolute pleasure to listen to as he hits on all the right highs and lows at all the right times.Do yourself a favor and not only buy this album , but make sure to catch JRB performing live next time he 's in your town !!
 I program computers . I present papers at conferences about medieval literature . I am , in the eloquently-stated and nearly unanimous opinion of my junior high classmates , `` a huge freakin ' nerd . '' Jason Robert Brown 's album Someone Else 's Clothes is a collection of music for those of us who know we do n't exactly fit into the popular culture , who are n't terribly depressed or bitter about the fact , and who love melodies and surprising and intelligent lyrics.Its hard to really categorize the music . Mr. Brown 's previously published work has mostly been in theatre music and his work has the dramatic story-telling quality of the best of contemporary musical theatre -LRB- think `` Rent '' instead of `` The Producers , '' though -RRB- . Most professional reviewers seem obligated to compare him to Billy Joel , which is probably fair , but Brown writes far better melodies and his lyrics are more intelligent . ITunes labels the genre `` Miscellanous '' which is probably the best description for a set of songs that range from caucassian hip-hop to rock-protest to gospel to jazz.My wife -LRB- who will usually turn to top 20 stations when driving -RRB- loves the title track -LRB- available as a free sample download on the Sh-K-Boom label 's website -RRB- . My favorites are `` The Music of Heaven '' -LRB- an inspirational piece about playing the role of cynical outsider when visiting a church -RRB- and `` I Could Be in Love With Someone Like You '' -LRB- cut from the Last Five Years and which perfectly captures first date anxiety in the opening lyric : `` My first crush on a Irish girl , / I was ten years old/And her name was Elaine . / Little red-haired girl/Well , she looked like you , / But if you were ten . / Which you 're clearly not . / Not that you look old , / But you get my ... / I 'll just stop now . '' -RRB- I want to hear some more of this guy 's songs , and the best way for that to happen is if this CD sells really well and he makes another ... And I think this CD WOULD sell really well if people , smart people , would listen to it . And I know you 're a smart person . You 're still reading this review , after all . So go ahead and add this to your cart .
 I 'm enjoying introducing this music to friends who are n't particularly musical theater fans , and watching and listening to their amazement . You do n't have to have heard anything from , or know anything about Jason Robert Brown to flip over this music . If you 're already a fan or just casual admirer , you 'll drink this up in a big , greedy gulp and then go back again and again to savour more thoughtfully.Amazing talent , delivering great , heartfelt stuff that should stay fresh a good , long time . Somehow , it does n't surprise me that JRB is so fantastic performing his own songs , but what a treat to experience it ! And check out the names in the other vocal personnel for `` Music of Heaven '' and `` Coming Together '' -- a mini who 's who of up-and-coming -LRB- some very much already up and here -RRB- musical theater stars . And they 're not wasted . Do n't miss the incredible , crazy piano solo and scatting on `` I 'm In Bizness '' -LRB- as if you could -RRB- . The last song , `` Grow Old With Me , '' is a marvelous , retro/modern big-band instant classic . Buy this for your friends and enjoy spreading it around . -LRB- But make sure to drop a line to Mr. Brown , encouraging him to keep working on theater scores too -- we must n't lose that . -RRB- P.S. -- If you 're a singer or musician , buy Mr. Brown 's sheet music , legally . Make him and you happy .
 I love the last Five Years so much and so when this came out I got it immeadiately . The song Over is so great I listened to it Over and Over -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- I thnk no one does a ballad like Jason and I highly recommend the whole album
 I bought this cd primarily because I 've thoroughly enjoyed everything by JRB that I 've ever heard . I 've been listening to this particular cd for the past two weeks every time I go running , and it never gets old . There 's always some nuance in the music that I 've never heard before , or the lyrics take on a new meaning . I do n't even think it 's possible to choose a favorite song on this cd ! Today , I really like the title track and Music of Heaven . For all you fans of JRB 's the Last Five Years , this cd has a song on it that was actually cut from the show . Someone to Fall Back on is the most honest love song I 've heard in a long time . I 'm in Bizness is my favorite thing to run uphill while listening to . JRB has this talent for creating an entire cd that expresses the things in life we can never quite figure out how to say without sounding cheesy . Buy this cd . Listen to it every day . Marvel at how amazing it actually is . It will change you .
 Jason Robert Brown sure knows how to tell a great story with lyrics while setting it to a catchy tune . Although some of the songs in `` Wearing Someone Else 's Clothes '' seem out of place with the rest of the tracks , they each are perfect as stand-alone musical theatre/jazz/rock / etc. . If you are familiar with JRB 's musicals -LRB- esp Songs for a New World -RRB- , you 'll notice that the references in this album are beautiful and haunting.The true beauty of this collection of songs is in its powerful collection of messages . Love , loyalty , loneliness , jealousy , failure and triumph - if there is one thing that Jason Robert Brown is divinely gifted at - it is capturing a full range of human emotions and desires all in a single song.Fans of JRB 's love songs will find themselves replaying the contemporary love-song track `` Someone to Fall Back On . '' For those who are interested in pissed-off singer/songwriters who enjoy complaining about having to sell-out in their field in order to suceed , try `` Gettin Out , '' a fun little rant that seems to be written first person . Another gem of the collection is the song `` Nothing in Common , '' which is about two brothers , one who was successful at a young age and the other who was a failure , at least academically . In the long run it turns out that although they `` had nothing in common '' they `` are more or less the same . '' When you hear this song and reach this statement , it will be a moment of profound listening , no matter how many times you replay the piece . And last but not least , I have to recommend the song `` Long Long Road , '' which seems to fit almost as a preface to Songs for a New World - it 's wonderful inspiration for those of us -LRB- myself included -RRB- traveling through life , not quite sure where they 're headed.When contemporary pop artists are singing about intoxicating behinds -LRB- ala the Black Eyed Peas -RRB- and broadway is continually being reduced to mindless profit-making musical clones , Jason Robert Brown makes music that might not change the world , but that at least has some serious inspiring notions . It 'll make you laugh , cry , want to dance and of course want to sing along - I highly recommend you buy this album for your collection .
 Jason Robert Brown as a writer for the musical theater is the perfect bridge between singer-songwriter pop of early Elton John / Billy Joel caliber , with all the tunefulness and relatability your heart could wish for , and informed Broadway tradition , with an uncanny feeling for character , drama , structure , masterful lyrics , and all of that tied up with a ribbon in perfect , simple , complete songs.Songs he writes the music for , the lyrics , he arranges , conducts , plays the piano on , and now , just because he can , he also sings brilliantly -LRB- yes brilliantly , for a songwriter - remember Jimmy Webb , Randy Newman , Eric Woolfson for god 's sake , and tell me Jason does n't knock your socks off -RRB- . Anyone can write recitative , but Jason Robert Brown , as anyone awake enough to realize it has known for years , can write songs . He can take a story and get you to sing it . He can sell you exposition and make you laugh . He can write four lines and you see the character . He is the great white hope of Musical theater . He is Stephen Sondheim of the people . He is Billy Joel with only clean rhymes . And man , I love Billy Joel.Here is a man , who is not afraid to be modest , who 's not afraid to write a simple A-B-A song , because he knows , on close inspection you will find all the craft you can take in . There are those inner rhymes so understated , you only get them at the third listen , that artful transition , that perfect bridge . It 's not about the details . You just know , when a song ist good . And that 's what he does . He writes good songs . Songs you can relate to , songs that carry you , or the singer , or the show.Now , on Wearing Someone Else 's Clothes , he 's the singer , and the songs are self-contained . They do n't need to advance the plot . They are the plot . I defy you , not to spontaneously burst into Getting Out any number of inopportune times for weeks after hearing it . I defy you to listen to this album and not adopt at least one song , take it in , cuddle up and call it your own.Great music . What else is there to say ?
 Another great work of JRB . Most similar to The Last Five Years with touches from Songs for a New World
 I 'm a Jason Robert Brown fan , and this is a great collection .
 Get this CD ! If you like the fusion of African , funk , soul , gospel , & gumbo fused into one tight and hot package , this CD is it . The lyrics are as great as the beats , but you may be dancing too hard at first to listen .
 delightful voices and instumentation , as well as original contents , energizing for all agegroups , an absolute hit for childrens parties .
 I think too many people are assuming that they are buying a compilation CD when they pick up this release . In fact , this was the original album released in 1957 . Ella gets top billing becuse she was the biggest of the three `` names '' at the time . These sessions were laid down between Jan 4 , 1956 and April 30 , 1957 . Each artist gets a chance to showcase their talents and it is apparent that , when they all get together for the few numbers that they all share , they are really swinging and having a great time . Basie 's band was in top form , the arrangements were wonderful and the vocals are spot on . This is a terrific window into the past .
 What we have here is the crack `` April In Paris '' era Basie band with one Ella F track singing with Joe Williams on `` Too Close To Comfort '' , a bunch of tracks with Joe taking the lead and a few great swinging instrumentals and a few alternative sides.The whole album works well , great sound , exciting music , especially if you like the croon of Joe Williams.The famous `` Joe Williams sings CD '' with Basie is considered the better , no arguing that fact , but this CD is a nice addition to your library.Great blowing on the 3 versions of One'O ` clock Jump here make it all worthwhile .
 Yes , this is a good Joe Williams-Count Basie album , but on one hand , I 've heard Williams sounding better with smaller groups -LRB- Cannonball Adderley , Clark Terry and Coleman Hawkins , etc. -RRB- and on the other hand Williams is no match for Jimmy Rushing , as demonstrated onCount Basie at NewportCount Basie at Newport.And , yes , on the third hand -LRB- hm ... -RRB- there is the question of Ella getting the top billing for doing just one song on the album -LRB- and a duet at that ! -RRB- ... Well , on the fourth hand , I 've heard Basie 's band from this period sounding better without Williams . And , surprise , surprise , probably the most interesting tune of the album is `` From Coast to Coast '' ; not so usual example of succesful blending of Basie 's drive with slightly Ellingtonish orchestral subtleties . -LRB- BTW ; not that it matters much , but I do n't really like Hefti 's work for Basie all that much ... -RRB- small edit from April 2010 - it took me some time to get over my Rushing thrill and fully appreciate Joe Williams ; I still prefer Rushing , but now I can clearly see -LRB- hear -RRB- the glory of Joe Williams -- But , I still think `` From Coast to Coast '' is the most interesting number on this albumand I still think it 's a shame to label it an Ella-Count-Joe album when you have only one song with Ella .
 This is NOT the album the previous reviewers refer to , folks . Did NOBODY among you guys actually look at the clips list on Amazon MP3s for this one or play the sample cuts ?? Because if you * had * done that , you 'd realize that a -RRB- what we have here is a CD released by Plaza Mayor Company , Ltd. , NOT Verve , b -RRB- the list of songs on this CD is ** completely ** different than the songs you 're discussing , c -RRB- Ella and Joe are nowhere to be found here , because d -RRB- these recordings originated much earlier . A glance at the song list alone should have told you that , if you 'd looked
 This album is worth the wait . Great vocals accompanied by rocking fuzzed out riffs . Sounds like the perfect cross between Unida and Kyuss . The cd has n't left my player yet . The only problem I have -LRB- which means 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- is that its fairly short . It really only has 7 tracks that total under 30 minutes . That aside , any fan of this genre of music will love it . The cd flat out rocks all the way through .
 I 've listened to a lot of `` stoner rock '' and this is some of the best . I just hope these guys continue to make music . Kyuss will always be my favorite , but these guys are like the next generation of Kyuss . If you like Kyuss you should not be disappointed .
 I am a huge fan of John Garcia -LRB- especially Kyuss and Unida -RRB- , and was excited to hear this album . It is good , but not great . While Garcia 's singing holds up , musically this band is not on par with his previous outfits . Still , a good listen .
 John Garcia is rightly heralded as one of the finest voices in rock n roll . You could put his voice over any old piece of guitar driven rock and it would be enjoyable . However , any old piece of rock the rest of Hermano is certainly not . With `` Only A Suggestion '' Garcia carries his career on in style from the glory days of Kyuss , and the brief excellence of Unida and Slo Burn . At just under 30 minutes it is a short , sharp and very sweet little album , almost a lengthened EP . It f*cking rocks too.Understandably Mr. Garcia steals the show . His voice is just so engulfing , ranging from softer , dreamy vocals to that trademark aggressive and gritty delivery that makes a decent riff a great one . And a decent riff Hermano execute regularly , for example `` The Bottle '' , which is everything a fan of riff-rock could possibly want . The lead riff is catchy and powerful , and Garcia 's vocals are raspy and exciting , all compounded by the band 's confident writing with various tempos and riff changes.The central piece to the album is the flooring `` Senor Moreno 's Introduction/Senor Moreno 's Plan '' Starting with a mysterious introduction a faint piano theme slowly builds into an adrenaline racing riff that swaggers throughout the song . Of course , all of this is complemented by John 's perfect vocals . `` Landetta -LRB- Motherload -RRB- '' is another wonderful highlight to the album , the opening and verse is rather tedious at first ; not really going anywhere . This is until an absolutely monumental chorus floors you with John relishing the huge riff , blurting out `` you hit the motherload ! '' `` 5 to 5 '' is a short and fun piece with a catchy guitar lick and `` Nick 's Yea '' is a slightly more experimental way to finish the album , sounding more like a Queens of the Stone Age song , except with John 's more energetic delivery to give it extra gusto.For any fan of John Garcia 's past works , this is simply a must-have . It encapsulates everything good about the riff-rock or stoner rock -LRB- whatever name you may call it -RRB- genre . Great riffs , great vocals . Give it the devils horns.For fans of Kyuss , Unida , Lowrider , Karma to Burn ...
 great rock album !!! John Garc&iacute;a did it again , this dude does n't fail ... Not as fast like Slo Burn , sometimes it sounds like Unida and of course the power of Kyuss ... Kyuss fans , specially Garc&iacute;a 's fans MUST get this album !!! the only problem is that is too short , 28 minutes , but my copy has a second cd , a sampler of Tee Pee Records bands ...
 This Hermano album is such an awesome effort from John Garcia . Now ... we need them to start touring !
 I found the Barcode Brothers by searching for `` Flute '' youTube videos not too long ago . -LRB- I play the flute , so I was just curious what was out there . -RRB- Anyway - their song `` Flute '' was one of the first search results , so of course I listened . And I completely fell in love with the song . There really is nothing else out there that matches it . You 're tricked into thinking it 's just another techno/trance song - and then , a beautiful , upbeat and melodic pan flute comes out of nowhere . This song is by far , my favorite on the CD.Luckily , they had snagged my interest enough that I got the CD . I was somewhat disappointed to find that `` Flute '' was the only song with the pan flute in it , but none-the-less I still enjoy the CD . They have a couple songs that do make me think a lot of Eiffel 65 - very poppy and -LRB- as someone else said -RRB- `` bubbly . `` All I can think about when I listen to the song `` Dooh Dooh '' is Homer from The Simpsons repeatedly going D'OH ! I still find myself constantly listening to it anyway though ... `` Tele '' brings a lot of unique sound to it - there is a repeated water droplet noise that intrigues me . I really like the ambiance of `` Ambient '' ... -LRB- I know , lame , but its true -RRB- . Those are the tracks that stand out the most to me . There are a couple songs that have a female singing - it reminds me more of typical techno music , but does n't bother me . Also , I enjoy the way the CD is laid out with an intro , three interludes , and an outro - it helps divide it up nicely.I wish more of their songs brought unique aspects to them - but overall a really solid CD that I 'd definitely recommend .
 This CD is really awesome ... the style of their songs are not exactly trance , not euro dance/trance either ... they have their own way of playin their songs ... AWESOME CHOICE
 I decided it was time ... after a year to rate this ... I give this a 4 star rating because I am sick of It 's a Fine Day and someone redoing the song after just a few years just bugs me . All the little tracks are quite fun . Got ta love the baby laughing ... once you buy it you will see !! SMS rocks ... in a Eiffel 65 sort of way.I say go for it if you want a CD that is upbeat and very bubbleeeee !!!
 I fell in love with Brasilian jazz my first trip to Rio . I 've been there many times and was always amazed , visiting the little clubs , listening to a lot of great players . I do n't remember how I found this guy , but , understanding music ` from the heart ' , Leo understands , and plays it that way . In my view , he is one of the most sensitive sax players I 've ever heard - check out # 3 on Black Pearls , you 'll see what I mean ... . I think it would be a great project for Leo to hook up with Bob James and Fourplay , and let Leo play , I mean feature him , write and produce songs that bring out his talent , give him lots of freedom . I rated this 4 stars , simply because of a couple of songs I skip pver , but all in all , it 's great listening . And as a bassplayer , I 've spent hours playing along with him .
 Leo Gandelman is one of the best brazilian musicians . And ` Brazilian Soul ' is simply a brilliant CD . Listen to it - especially ` Antigua ' -LRB- Tom Jobim -RRB- - and you 'll see I 'm quite right .
 This is a great CD from an extraordinary jazz saxophone player and probably the biggest name in Brazilian jazz today . We got a chance to see Leo Gandelman perform a lot of these songs at the Blue Note in June . Maracatu is a superb song ... his son played it alongside him that night , it was one of the best experiences of live music I 've ever heard . If you are into this type of jazz , this is a `` must have '' collection .
 The previous reviewers have said it all about this CD ; and I agree totally ; Leo has been the best Jazz Instrumentalist in Brasil like 7 out of the past 10 years or something like that , and he deserves it amply.In this CD I just want to point out the great musicians participating : - Leo Gandelman / The whole saxophone family , piano , keboards , percussion and arrangements Wow !!! . - Eddie Gomes / bass - William Magalhaes / piano and keyboards - Celso Fonseca / guitar , violao and vocals - Ricardo Silveira / guitar and violao - Nico Resende / arrangements and vocals - Egberto Gismonti / piano - Marcos Suzano / percussions - Paulo Braga / drums - Jacques Morelenbaum / string arrangements - Arturo Maia / bassetc . etc. ~ ~ ~ *** A highlight that needs to be pointed out is the terrific rendition Leo makes of Sting 's superb hit `` Fragile '' , W.O.W. is absolutely a knock out *** ~ ~ ~ If you have a Brazilian jazz collection , you 've got to have this in it ; if you only like Jazz or Saxophone with lots of spices , you also have to make this one yours .
 This is a wonderful selection of tracks from Gerard Lesne 's many wonderful CDs - Lesne with his own Seminario Musicale ensemble , Lesne with Philippe Herreweghe , Lesne with Tragicomedia . Be careful , however . If you are an established Lesne-ophile , you may well have most of these selections on other CDs , and nothing about the title or cover art will alert you to the duplications . Fortunately , there are MP3 samples with this release . If you check for duplications and find several , you 'll still be getting tips for Lesne 's other recordings . If you 've never listened to Lesne , you 'll soon get the idea ; he 's the Wayne Gretsky and Michael Jordan of male altos .
 From the silky-voiced songstress , R&B queen , the soulful , and the absolutely amazing , recording artist Alycia Nichole , comes the phenomenal single ` Suddenly ' ! ` Suddenly ' is one of my all-time favourite song 's , and the best song I have heard in years ! Alycia Nichole 's soaring , soulful , inspiring , and powerful , voice is one of the most enthralling , impeccable , and resonant , voices you will ever hear ! ` Suddenly ' is the first incredible single from Alycia Nichole 's highly-anticipated , upcoming debut album release ; which I am convinced , just from hearing Alycia 's absolutely stunning single ` Suddenly ' , is going to get well-deserved world wide recognition and appraisal , and propell Alycia Nichole even further into the public consciousness ; and also take Alycia all the way to winning some of the most prestigious awards that the music industry can bestow - from the MOBOs , to the Grammy 's , to the Brit Awards , to the MTV Video Music Awards - she is that unbelievably talented ! Buy your own copy of Alycia Nichole 's first hit single ` Suddenly ' , and own a piece of history in the making ; because for Alycia Nichole , the sky is the limit !
 Unfortunately this one wo n't be on cd anytime soon . A bargain at $ 2400 for the cassette . So rare its worth it . You wo n't find it anytime soon ! If you make an offer you might be lucky and get it for less .
 This brings back alot of memories from when I was a kid . Just really great Christmas music done like no other artist . This and Candy Clarinet are favorites of mine and my family 's . I wish I could find it on CD !
 Like so many of Henryk Mikolaj G&oacute;recki 's compositions , his String Quartet No. 3 , Opus 67 is inspired or at least references poetry
 Before I begin this review , let me clear the air of a few things which you , the reader , ought to know about me , the reviewer : For one , within the realm of composed music , the string quartet is among my least favorite of all forms of chamber music . I personally find the interplay between violins , violas , and cellos to be drab after the first movement . Very few composers have composed a work for string quartet which has caused me to reconsider
 Once discovered/popularized this work -LRB- commissioned for Kronos -RRB- will stand beside other great works of the genre such as the Beethoven late quartet with the original finale -LRB- Grosse Fugue -RRB- and the Schubert string quintet in C major.The technical recording/reproduction are excellent.A good indication of your lasting appreciation might be that your first listening might leave you confused/disappointed . After the third listening I was hooked .
 This is a hauntingly gorgeous work , with some delightful dissonance unlike Symphony No. 3 , but in my mind will become as great in chamber music literature as Symphony No. 3 is among modern -LRB- or all-time -RRB- symphonic works.I especially am moved by the 1st , 2nd and 4th movements . I skip the 3rd altogether -- does n't seem to fit my view of this work.By the way , I did a fair amount of work on the translation of the Khlebnikov poetry given as `` inspiration . '' In my research , the first line should be ... `` When horses die , they sigh ... '' NOT '' ... they breathe '' . `` Breathe '' may be the literal translation from the Russian , but read the translation by the more poetic and less literal translator Paul Schmidt , Volume III , Selected Poems -LRB- also found on Amazon -RRB- , page 38 . `` Sigh '' makes much more sense , and is n't it odd that it rhymes -LRB- but in English -RRB- ? Our string quartet in Charleston has been practicing this work ... the sheet music is available from sheet music plus . It shakes the house and stirs the soul . Of course it does not hurt that our most recent previous `` difficult '' reading was of Shostakovich 's 8th String Quartet . So this is calming , yet very powerful as well.I am appreciative for the reviewer here at Amazon who correctly noted that some of the chords evoke the sound of native accordians ... a fine point I missed but now adds immensely to my enjoyment . Wow , reviews can be helpful !
 After managing to track down a CD version on-line after all these years , it was a pleasure to hear this again . The 1991 CD has remixed & bonus tracks added to its vinyl release in mid-80 's . Lovely atmospherics produced in a church , & NDW captures the Australian landscape within their music so well on this their second album . The Little Desert is right up there with their brillant `` Tabaran '' & is highly recommended - almost whatever price you get it for!Steve SBrisbane , Oz
 This is a great Halloween sound effects disk at a great price . Great fun for children or adults wanting to set the mood for a party or just be `` that creepy house '' that has angry cat and demon sounds coming out the window on Halloween Night ! Personal favorite is the `` chained spectre . ''
 What 's most impressive about this side of Connors ' work -LRB- referred to elsewhere as `` Venusian blues '' -RRB- is its singular approach to an improvisatory lyricism . Connors composes `` free '' music that maintains a connection to the Blues , while avoiding its exploitation and crass troping . Even as Connors explores such overtly Romantic themes -LRB- Evangeline , `` The Death of Shelly '' -LSB- sp -RSB- , The Little Match Girl , etc. -RRB- , the guitarwork leaves any such distinction behind and transcends thematic constraints -LRB- here , he wisely chooses to leave 19 of the disc 's 20 tracks untitled -RRB- . On Airs , notes are struck , sustained , and sometimes cohere into outright melodies that wobble and fade back into the thicket of sound . The music vacillates and roils , expressive of its transitory nature , and more widely , the nature of time and memory . The album is best listened to in whole.Try playing this on a stereo in a sparsely decorated room . Bare walls help with the reverberation . It seems as if the ever-present background noise holds its breath , as if the ghosts go quiet and lean in to listen . As abjectly Romantic as you may find that image to be , I believe that , despite the skepticism against such identification that I advanced above , it portrays the same sort of contradiction and paradox that the music contains . -LRB- And its apparent pithiness especially works for such a dead form as the record review -RRB- . With the recent passing of John Fahey , Connors may be justifiably considered a contender for the title of America 's greatest living guitarist . It 's silly , as all such titles are , but it does mean that I think this is music worth hearing above everything else . Airs is the most accessible , convincing distillation of his talent . If you agree , I suggest seeking out Portrait Of A Soul on import , or either of his collaborations with bassist Darin Gray ; preferably the beautifully-realized live document , This Past Spring , which serves as a fine showcase for all sides of this artist , by turns delicate and excoriating .
 Just to be clear
 THESE GUYS PLAY FINNISH FOLK METAL AKIN TO FINNTROLL . FINNLAND SEEMS TO BE CRANKING OUT SOME OF THE BEST FOLK METAL BANDS RECENTLY . IF YOU ARE A VIKING OR THINK YOU ARE A VIKING , CHECK OUT MOONSORROW . FIDDLES , ACCORDION , NORDIC CHANTING . ALL MOONSORROW RELEASES ARE GREAT .
 In the past , Maxim Shostakovich has recorded some excellent performances of his father 's symphonies and some equally bad ones . This set with the Prague Symphony Orchestra is magnificent and represents Maxim 's collective experience of living with this music . The symphonies were recorded live from the late 1990 's to 2006 , and some were released on individual CDs . The symphonies are beautifully recorded with applause preserved for about half.I was drawn to this set after reading the Gramophone Collection articles about Shostakovich 's Fifteenth Symphony , which the writer considered Maxim 's recording as the best . I had a copy of the premier of the symphony on LP . The performance recorded with the Prague Symphony is one of great clarity and probing that has not been equaled.This set has strong performances of all of the symphonies . There are things to appreciate in all of the symphonies even if there is an occasional bit of poor playing . The First and Ninth symphonies are warmly played and the Seventh is deeply felt , one of the best performances of this work . The Scherzo of the Tenth is nicely played , bringing forth the satiric elements of the music and the Fourth is monumentally played . The Eighth has some great moments but the climax in the third movement does not have quite enough force , especially compared to recordings by Mravinsky . The Eleventh Symphony is well played with attention to the drama of the music ; however , I prefer the recordings by Kiril Kondrashin and Mravinsky for the explosive impact they achieve in the second movement and the conclusion of the symphony . The Thirteenth Symphony is very well played with an excellent soloist -LRB- Peter Mikulas -RRB- and chorus . The first movement is powerfully performed expressing well the outrage of the composer . The performance may not have the power of Kondrahin 's premiere performance but it is a top contender.Maxim Shostakovich conducts the lesser know symphonies very well . The Second is nicely played ; complete with factory siren as is the Third . The Twelfth Symphony receives an excellent performance that tends to play down the bombast . The soloists in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth are very good . I certainly prefer the premiere recording by Rudolf Barshai for the energy he brings to the Fourteenth . I have never heard anyone perform Malaguena at the tempo Barshai used and miss the jarring effect this has on the music.Overall , the Prague Symphony Orchestra may not measure up to the great orchestras like the Vienna Philharmonic they do raise to the challenge with credit entirely due to Maxim Shostakovich . This set will occupy a place next to my Kondrashin .
 Maxim Shostakovich 's love for his father comes through in the conducting of his father symphonies . In doing so he makes the Prague symphony orchestra sound like a top flight orchestra.The set was recorded live from 1995-2006 . For example his rendition of the 5th Symphony is slower then Rostropovich 's with the london symphony orchestra but has more feeling . But the 7th Symphony has more bite and emotion then Rostropovich with the National symphony orchestra.The singing of the bass Peter Mikulas in symphony no 13 is beautiful.The 2008 Penquin Guide praises this symphony as one of the finest he has conducted of his fathers symphonies.The first movement of the 8th is slow , but build momentum as the symphony progresses.To obtain an insight into the composers works I suggest you buy Shostakovich against Stalin-the war symphonies-DVD . Interviews with those who knew him at different periods of his life , interviews with friends , his daughter etc. . Another book is Shostakovich reconsidered , which proves that Volkov did write Testament , really the composers memoirs and shows what Shostakovich meant in his symphonies.Maxim Shostakovich 's conducting of his fathers music brings out the various emotions and is worth while adding to your collection .
 the Undercovers , with only one album , are the most serious threat yet for the throne of Canuck Ska , currently held by the Kingpins . The use of keyboards , Kraftwerk meets Booker T. , works really really well . The future bodes well for the Undercovers . Hope they do some serious damage !
 I have n't as of yet come across another album with such a wonderfully mellow techno-jazz beat . One of the best music purchases I 've ever blindly bought . Especially good for those listeners who enjoy a hauntingly beautiful women 's voice laced throughout their beats . Can not reccomend this album strongly enough !!
 I was turned on to this CD several years ago by a friend who is a musician . I had an old tape of this recording and was so excited to find the CD here on Amazon . This CD is mellow , sexy , funky and political . If you 've ever thought of trying acid jazz , try this .
 It 's been a good year for Liverpool 's The Coral . A mere number of months after their stunning debut comes this , surely one of the singles of the year . `` Pass It On '' is their state of the universe address , a plaintive plea for understanding . It begins a little like The Beatles ' `` You Like Me Too Much '' but soon becomes its own thing of beauty . Far more low-key than anything on The Coral , they seem to have dispensed that elemental quirkiness which so defined their earlier work . Frontman James Skelly is the real star of this track , his magnificent vocals squarely front and center . Anticipating their forthcoming Magic & Medicine album , `` Pass It On '' is a summer track for the ages and The Coral have done it again . Was there ever any doubt ?
 Asylum Suite is an awesome band from Tennessee . If you like straight forward rock n ' roll , you will love Asylum Suite . Check your local radio station to see if they have it and request the first single , Holdin ' On . Look for them in a town near you or check out their web site at Asylumsuite.com
 Yo , I 'm Hunter B. from TN . and I 'm taking guitar lessons with Terry McCoy , the electric guitar player from Asylum Suite . It 's a shame that they broke up , oh well.HWB
 Asylum Suite is an awesome CD.They have came a long way.They are a great group of guys!Their music comes from the heart . They are even better in person , imagine that.I would buy any CD that they make .
 I just heard about this band the other day while speaking to the former singer . Being a fan of one of his previous bands , I thought I 'd go ahead and pick it up since it was available online . I have to say , This band ROCKS !!! I will certainly recommend this CD to friends who enjoy this genre of music !!! I am VERY happy that I purchased it ! ROCK ON !!!
 i am Randy Nash the drummer for asylum suite and i appreciate every ones response to the band.i am currently working with a new band . if you want to know more about the band e-mail me @ rnash32@aol.com and you will see that we have not stopped playing just took a break . we are currently working on demos and a name for the band , we are harder than asylum suite but i think people will like it . hope to hear from you all , , , , , -LRB- and send name ideas to me also , who knows if we pick your name you will get a credit on the cd and who knows what else we can come up with . thanx and take care , , , , , , , randy nash
 TRACKS : A1 . O , Tannenbaum -LRB- O Christmas Tree -RRB- ; A2 . Stille Nacht , Heilige Nacht -LRB- Silent Night , Holy Night -RRB- ; A3 . Kommet , Ihr Hirten -LRB- Come Ye Shepherds -RRB- ; A4 . Susser Die Glocken Nie Klingen -LRB- Sweeter the Bells Have Never Rung -RRB- ; A5 . Leise Reiselt Der Schnee -LRB- The Snow Falls Quietly -RRB- ; A6 . Vom Himmel Hoch -LRB- From Heaven Above to Earth I Come -RRB- ; B1 . O Du Frohliche , O Du Selige -LRB- O Thou Cheerful One , O , Thou Holy One -RRB- ; B2 . Es Ist Ein Ros ' Entsprungen -LRB- Lo , How a Rose e'er Blooming -RRB- ; B3 . Am Weihnachtsbaum -LRB- By the Christmas Tree -RRB- ; B4 . Alle Jahre Wieder -LRB- Again Every Year -RRB- ; B5 . Ihr Kinderlein Kommet -LRB- Come Hither , Ye Children -RRB- ; & B6 . Kling Glocken -LRB- Ring , Little Bell -RRB- .
 For over fifty years I have loved this record , with an amazing musical mood , and a crisp clarity in their beautiful voices . If you close your eyes , you can imagine yourself there amongst Munich 's little stands and the snowflakes on your face , and absorbing the festive , tingling feeling as you step into a church to hear this music , it 's that good . I wish they would do this also in CD format , as I worry how long the old record will keep surviving !
 This is a beautifully done recording of German Christmas carols . The arrangements are tasteful and artistic , and the choir is excellent . This album was used in my family over the last 50 years as our background music when opening presents . Each side of vinyl starts and finishes with loud ringing of cathedral bells , which also adds to the music .
 THIS IS THE REAL GOSPEL MUSICTHIS IS WERE IT ALL BEGIN , WHEN GOSPEL MUSICSOUNDED LIKE IT WAS IN CHURCH AND NOT THE CLUBTHIS IS THAT OLD TIME RELIGION ITS GOOD ENOUGHFOR ME
 This was a wonderful debut album ! Sam has done an excellent job with the lyrics and the sounds on this album . He has a unique style and a booming mixture of funk and Praise ! The vocalists in this group make you long for more ! I ca n't wait to hear the new project !
 I 'm in agreement that this album is awesome but I 'm not understanding why this CD that was first released sometime in 2000 or 2001 is so expensive .
 Amazon.com listed the wrong song tracks . Those 21 tracks actually belong to another album by The Rubettes `` The Very Best Of The Rubettes '' on Spectrum UK/PolyGram/Universal Music UK , released in 1998 , with a black and white picture of all 6 members of The Rubettes.This particular album has the following track listing :1 . Sugar Baby Love2 . Tonight3 . Under One Roof4 . I 'm Just Dreaming5 . Julia6 . Little 697 . Do n't Do It Baby8 . I Can Do It9 . Juke Box Jive10 . Little Darling11 . Cheri Amour12 . Baby I Know13 . You 're The Reason Why14 . Ooh La La15 . The Sha-Na-Na-Na Song16 . Foe-Dee-Oh-Dee .
 I originally bought this CD for `` Tubthumping '' but found that the rest of the album what MUCH better !!!
 Most albums you can gloss over the lyrics . You ca n't gloss over these . Hard & edgy - both the music and the lyrics stay with you for days , if not longer . If you know the area the band is from , you 'll understand even more . One of the best albums I have bought in a long time .
 I think the band plays just great music . I love practically all their songs . It would be a dream to meet them .
 This is an excellent cd for people who love music with a beat ! Catchy lyrics that will keep you humming and a beat to get you dancing , I definetely recommend this cd
 in the last couple of decades , british bands have come up big in the US . this group has done exactly the same . only better !! these people have such musical talent ; so much to the point that they can span the musical genres with ease . when tubthumper the song first hit the radio waves , i immediately liked the fresh style that chumbawamba had come up with so many years ago . so i went and payed $ 18 for the cd at the only record store that stocked it . the cd blew away my wildest expectations . now the only thing i can wait for is their next round of albums to hit the US market , not just in europe .
 if you are waiting for Cole Porter lyrics with your music -- skip this CD . the words are , however , on a bit of digging , loaded with commentary on on the plight of labor and free speech etc. the music is well done . not your typical US top 40 . enjoyed this one
 When I first heard of this group in Canada , just before their US release , I did n't know what to think . Here was a band of Anarchists , how good could they be ? Apparently , very good . I was impressed when I heard the first track with their simple , memorable lyrics that could get a crowd on the floor dancing and singing , and I like Amnesia even more , with it 's more otherworldly quality of being just left of center . Their musical style is n't stuck in just one genre , so they are more free to experiment with words and rhythms and to do more diverse things musically without all of us going crazy trying to keep up . All in all a very worthwhile endeavor , definitely a must get .
 Tubthumper is a fabulous rock album for the thinking - -LRB- wo -RRB- man rock fan . Needs 2 - 3 listens then you get hooked . Like Sgt. Pepper 's , it is loaded with stuff , new things of which you discover each time you listen -LRB- e.g. , listen for Clarke 's Trumpet Voluntary in the 1st song background -RRB- . Hard-driving , thoughtful , exciting - selling like hot cakes .
 Chumbawamba is an underground British band that has been around for almost 20 years . They had a stroke of surprising luck in 1997 with the infectious dance/sports anthem Tubthumper . However , that song is not a good representation of their sound . Musically they remind somewhat of Scissors Sisters with a little Frankie Goes to Hollywood or maybe a rebellious Abba with a few shots of whiskey in them . Their lyrics are very political in a very abstract way and written for a British audience at that . The CD is also filled with many anarchist spoken-word soundbites . I checked out their very active website and they are selling t-shirts with George Bush 's face above the label TERRORIST and the back of the shirt says `` You Can Never Have Enough Anti-War Songs '' . Even Tubthumper is about `` shouting to change the world , then having a drink to celebrate '' .
 Great album to listen to in it 's entirety . May have to be in the right mood though .
 Being a long-time punk rocker I know Chumbawamba were around for years , playing to us punks and releasing their own records on their dime.They were like a modern Crass , in fact , many years later , an mtv-vjay asked them if they WERE Crass.Anyway , back in 1997 , I was startled to see Chumbawamba on mtv!As far as I knew , the band were still do-it-yourself Punks.What was up?I called my punker friend , and Chumbawamba fan , Chris and told him.He did n't elieve me atfirst , but soon the word was out.The Chums signed to a major!And not just any major-EMI ! Punk 's long time foe!Well , the video for TUBTHUMPING played on MTV ad nauseam , and , hey it 's a cool , catchy song!Chris liked it too , so we both bought the CD.It was good!Still potent lyrically and the music was cool too!Very Spice Girls-ish -LRB- not a bad thing -RRB- . Unfortunately , since America quickly forgets its trendy pop acts , as tubthumping faded so did the Chums.This album is very good.Live , they also kicked ...
 This CD was produced very well . It was produced by Chumbawamba , which says something else about them
 Despite their pretentious , anarchist pose , these guys CAN knock out a blooody goood toon . The title song and the intro to `` Amnesia '' merit special mention but the entire work is strewn with lively and colorful bursts of sound . Give them an `` A '' too for originality and their monster drummer . Less gratifying , but still interesting , are the snippets of dialogue lifted from British television and their mixing of curious psychological and political fantasies . Thumbs down on the silly `` Creepy Crawling '' , `` Mary , Mary '' and the obnoxious Jude Abbott .
 I do n't know what the hell `` Tubthumping '' means , -LRB- well , I did know , but I just forgot . It 's a British word . -RRB- This CD is worth all the money you 're spending . The lyrics are incredibly intelligent , and every song except Drip Drip Drip is good . After a while , `` Drip '' gets pretty damn annoying . If you want to try Chumbawamba , this is the best CD to introduce you to them . Bye !
 The first 5 songs are incredible , and the rest are OK . I live in France and Chumbawamba never got really big there so I have n't heard tubthumping a zillion times , which makes it still interesting to listen to .
 This CD is a wonderful mix of trumpet , singing , and other instruments . Obviously the first song , Tubthumping , made it popular , but that 's a song that gets old fast -LRB- I do n't like it much -RRB- . There are many very good songs on the CD , however , such as Amnesia , Drip Drip Drip , and The Good Ship Lifestyle . Chumbawamba 's music on this album proves to be extremely unique , but also exceptional .
 I got this CD about a year and a half ago and I still listen to it . It is a very good CD with about 5 good dance tracks . Plus , the trumpet playing is great ! I also liked on how smoothly the music and the vocals came together . This is truly a masterpiece
 Other than Tubthumping , the CD did n't have much to offer . i found myself replaying the first track rather than listening to the other songs on the cd .
 This album is probobly the the most popular Chumbawamba album in the United States , and includes a plethora of original songs that mostly resemble pop rock , with a touch of british `` punk '' to make it interesting . In between songs there are excerpts of movies and classical music that makes the album sound like ` techno ' instead fo pop rock . This , however does not detract from the catchy tune found in most of the songs , like in tracks 1 , 2 , 8 & 9 . In a way , the album roughly resembles ` Fush Yu Mang ' by Smash Mouth . In short , this album is a must have for almost any pop-rock fan .
 Chumbawamba rocks . It rocks because you can listen to it continusualy and you never want to change the track . The best track is the first one . I think it is `` Thumbthumpin . '' I am surely going to buy this cd .
 This CD is the best CD I 've ever heard ! How did it go unoticed ? It 's full of terrific lyrics and fast-paced , exciting tunes . This is a must for all music lovers !
 OK , at first I only bought this CD for the song `` Tubthumping '' , but when I listened to the rest of the album , I was pleasantly surprised ! All of the other songs on the album -LRB- with the possible exception of the last track -RRB- are either awesome , danceable songs , or full of beautiful , politically driven truth and energy . I sure got my $ 16 worth out of this CD ! Definitely recommended !
 i do n't care what all of the reviews said ... this is a great album ... you can listen to the entire thing and the songs DO N'T all sound the same !!! i hope they release more songs in the US !!!
 Chumbawamba is a most unlikely hit group - a co-ed U.K. collective best-known for their idiosyncratic , working-class polemics ; they toiled in obscurity for many years . In 1997 , though , their song `` Tubthumping '' became a left-field international smash - peaking at # 6 in the U.S. and holding at # 1 in airplay for an astounding 9 weeks . Love it or hate it , `` Tubthumping '' is indisputably one of the catchiest and most original hits of the last decade . However , the group is usually dismissed today as a novelty act or one-hit-wonder . Of note , `` Tubthumping '' was n't released as a single , so people had to buy the full-length CD , `` Tubthumper , '' to get the song -LRB- over 3 millions people did so -RRB- . I 'm sure many people who purchased the CD listened only to `` Tubthumping . '' However , the rest of the CD deserves attention . It 's the type of CD in my collection that I do n't listen to often , but when I do , I 'm always surprised by how much better it is than I expect.Aside from `` Tubthumping , '' quite a few of the songs are stand-outs . `` Amnesia '' is another tremendously catchy song , with a clever chorus , `` Do you suffer from long-term memory loss / I do n't remember '' - and it even includes a tango-styled break . It managed to become a UK hit - slipping into the Top 10 . `` Drip , Drip , Drip '' is another highlight - a surprisingly melodic song built around some intriguing spoken-word samples and featuring a swanky piano outro . Indeed , one of the group 's trademarks is to throw in an unexpected element , such as the young English lad who finished `` The Big Issue . '' Overall , the music is n't earth-shattering and does tend to wear a bit after repeated listens . However , `` Tubthumper '' is enjoyable , well-written , and features good production ; careful listeners who appreciate quirky music will be well-rewarded if they approach this CD with an open mind .
 This is one of those albums where you simply have to look at each song individually ... because no two are even remotely similar . Here goes :1 . Tubthumping - It should be pretty obvious to anyone that this is by far the * dumbest * song on the album . And given that it 's their massive blowout hit , that 's about a lead pipe cinch that it is n't in any way indicative of their work as a whole . Nothing wrong with that , of course , just keep that in mind . I do n't really care for this one .2 . Amnesia - Fairly easygoing rock number about memory loss . And ... ah , those who suffer from memory loss . Listenable and mostly nonserious .3 . Drip , Drip , Drip - One of those non-hip hop talky pieces . Pretty much the same deal as Amnesia .4 . The Big Issue - This , IMHO , * should * have been their breakthrough . Completely mainstream , harmless pop/rock , message notwithstanding .5 . The Good Ship Lifestyle - Okay , this is a style called `` drum and bass '' . If you 're not familiar with a club scene , you probably have n't had much exposure to this . It 's very popular in some European circles . Pretty much ordinary punk otherwise .6 . One By One - Oh yeah ! NOW we 're talking ! * This * is the unflinching , angry politicizing that makes Chumbawamba what it is , and it sounds downright beautiful , too . A very simple , powerful ballad about a union leader who abandons his responsiblities for personal gain and the terrible consequences . Unquestionably the best song on the album , IMHO .7 . Outsider - Ooh , house ! Not much of a message here , but who cares , it 's loads of fun .8 . Creepy Crawling - Another talky one . Was n't able to get much out of this ; it 's just weird . Reminds me of Five Iron Frenzy for some reason .9 . Mary , Mary - A loud metalish piece about a woman named Mary who , gasp ! -LRB- yawn -RRB- falls a bit short of her biblical counterpart . A bit too repetitive for my tastes .10 . Smalltown - More delicious D&B ; actually a lot truer to the style than The Good Ship Lifestyle . Good stuff , good stuff .11 . I Want More - Not a hint of subtletly here , just pure unadulterated punk . Great fist pumping music -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- .12 . Scapegoat - Eurobeat -LRB- or a reasonable facsimile thereof -RRB- ? Man , they 're doin ' EVERYTHING here ! A worthy sendoff.A little repetitive at times , and does n't always hang together , but in all , this is a surprisingly well done album . It 's definitely worth whatever you paid for it . :-D ** -LRB- Subtle reference to highly questionable activity encouraged by Chumbawamba which I need n't get into here , thank you very much . -RRB-
 I was interested in Chumbawamba after I saw the front cover of Tubthumper in Time magazine ... It was an article on the WTO protesters ; what they were like ... who were their heroes ... They had a picture of Noam Chomsky and the Unabomber ... Then they had this Chumbawamba album cover next to the Unabomber 's head like this is what those weird anarchists listen to ... I was thinking ... Is n't that the band with the ` I get knocked down song ? ' I think I saw them on MTV ... Real anarchists would listen to Rage Against the Machine or Black Flag would n't they ... but Time magazine is sometimes way off ... So I got a copy of the CD and in the liner notes it had this repeating paragraph `` Due to the complexities of USA copyright law , we are not able to print the information intended for this space ... we can supply you with a leaflet or you can read it on our web site . '' I figured this was some kind of censorship thing ... So I check out the web site and the stuff they wanted to print was really cool socialist anarchist quotes from radical magazines , philosophers , politicians and other various anonymous left wing high-jinks type activists ... You can get their full liner notes on the import but not on the US version ... Strange for a land that prides itself on freedom of speech ... Needless to say I was immediately hooked ... The music took on a whole new meaning ... These were not love songs ... Chumbawamba tackles the Big Issues and makes it most danceable ... Check it out if you like rave/techno and the lyrics of Billy Bragg , The Clash , Rage Against the Machine or The Dead Kennedy 's ... ...
 This was my first-owned Chumbawamba album , and I still pull it out often to take a listen . It became clear to me that this album was their most successful arguable because of the near-perfect mix of mainstream , slightly repetitive , melodically clean tunes , and their unrelenting and light-hearted cynicism towards the governments that run and ruin their world . A previous reviewer claimed that WYSIWYG -LRB- What You See Is What You Get -RRB- is their best album , and in some cases it may be true . WYSIWYG displayed a more sketchy , playful , and raw approach to their anarchical criticisms , while it may seem that Tubthumper spoke with a much more subtle and thought-out voice . Not as many tracks blatantly address their opinions , although it is obvious that each song 's underlying message does . As much as I love listening to the giddy WYSIWYG , I must admit that Tubthumper 's more melodic tunes and slightly more concealed , philosophically-lined lyrics grab me more . It seems that their approach to various genres of mainstream music worked on me . Such clean and sing-alongy melodies can be found in tracks like Amnesia , Drip , Drip , Drip , and Smalltown -LRB- not to mention Tubthumping -RRB- . Clearly the songs are more subtle as opposed to such WYSIWYG tracks as Smart Bomb or She 's Got All The Friends , but I find it pleasing that Chumbawamba found a sweet spot in the catchy/delivering continuum . Perhaps this album is what they needed to break out on the big scene in the U.S. , and I am thankful for as much .
 Besides the much maligned mega-hit `` Tubthumping '' which I did n't like when it was first released but like now , this is a solid CD with great arrangements , lyrics , and performances . It 's not perfect but how many CD 's are perfect these days ? I have recently discovered `` Ready Mades and Then Some '' - clearly a 5-star effort and a symposium on how to arrange a song . Masterfully done . I wo n't write a song-by-song critique here because several other reviewers have done a more than adequate job of that . However , I do put forward a challenge to `` rtbarry '' in AZ to move beyond his very own drivel masquerading as a `` review '' , if he is capable , to explain in detail what in his opinion is lacking in this CD that rates it only one star ? Or , does he believe we are supposed to obey his fiat review as if he were Kim Jong-il of North Korea ? Otherwise , `` rtbarry '' do n't waste our time with drivel .
 I have not followed this band since 98 when they were at the time a household name . Looking back , I am truly shocked and disappointed . Shocked because a band like Chumbawamba had made it to the top of the charts in the late 90s . This was a time when Spice Girls , Brandy , and the Backstreet Boys ruled the airwaves . For a brief moment we had edgy , controversial , 80s style alternative music on the radio ! I 'm still shocked at the marvel . -LRB- Who allowed it ??? -RRB- I 'm disappointed because it did not last.To say the least this is a gorgeous album . The `` I get knocked down . . '' song is what inspired me to get the album in the first place , but little did I know what else was in store for me . So many goodies to discover . I 'll name all the gems : In addition to Tubthumping , there 's also Amnesia , Drip Drip Drip , Big Issue , Good Ship Lifestyle , One By One , Outsider , and Smalltown . Since my `` free country '' had banned the lyrics and the rest of the liner notes , I had to get them from the internet . In my opinion , the lyrics to many of the songs are actually quite abstract . One would have to read the band 's explanations in order to fully understand the meaning behind them . Nevertheless , the music is very good . One can actually become so totally mesmerized by it and not even realize that it focused on left wing political ideas like hypocrisy , working-class issues , and overhauling the establishment . It 's no wonder the lyrics were deemed `` unneccessary '' . I supposed that 's how the Tubthumping song made it on the US charts in the first place.I will forever cherish this album simply because in 98 it represented the open mind , in addition to a tiny ray of hope among all that awful overprocessed pop and rap crap that they 're still playing on my radio today.Chumbawamba , we miss you .
 for about the hundredth time . I love this album , absolutely love it . Chumbawamba manages to , in a creative manner , put some meaning , not to mention feeling , into well-played/mixed dance music . `` Outsider '' is my personal favorite track , simple , yet stirring somehow . The non-musical interludes are also very enjoyable . This is my brother 's cassette -- I have to get one of my own , as I listen to it more than he does !
 Chumbawamba is the ideal song for the teenagers of the nineties . Not only is is fast , but it is also British and right now everything British is cool . -LRB- ex . All Saints -RRB- . It becomes the life of the party because everyone will start dancing and crooning , `` I get knocked down , but I get up again , you 're never gon na keep me down ! '' It teaches listeners to never give up -- `` get up again ! ''
 I really , really was impressed by this collection . Never having heard anything but `` Tubthumper , '' I assumed that they were one-hit wonders . What a shock to find that they can churn out melodies and harmonies like nobody 's business ! At least two-thirds of the songs are must-hear , and the leftist-leaning political tone of the songs is a welcome relief from the romance-obsessed lyrics we 're so used to everywhere else.Attention Rush Limbaugh fans
 What ever happened to Mary ? The real question is WHAT HAPPENED TO CHUMBAWAMBA ! They went back underground and never came back . Okay , so this was n't the BEST Cd in the world , but it was pretty damn good . There were two songs I did n't like , but that was just me . Buy it and see for yourself .
 I was surprised by the thoughtfulness and technical proficiency that went into creating this album . When I first heard the popular track from this CD on the radio , I thought `` oh no , another album for drunken partygoers '' . I changed my opinion after listening to the whole CD . Every song is beautifully crafted , containing catchy melodies and they make me want to listen to the CD over and over again . This is a great band and this is a great CD .
 If you only like songs that are pop-y and shallow , this is not the album for you . If you want an album that challenges you and sounds great , this is it ! You ca n't ask for more .
 This is really a great CD . Chumbawamba has many political and social thoughts . you just have to understand them .
 I was raised on elevator music , plugged my ears to my older brother 's 70 's rock , skipped disco altogether , gravitated toward classical instead , got hip with jazz , socialized to lounge music , then I heard a review of this album on NPR and obsessed over acquiring it for weeks . This is my crossover album , the music that is at last helping understand and begin to appreciate music with a heavy beat and indecipherable lyrics . The words to `` Small Town , '' on track 10 , jumped to life when I realized that the music that reminds me of my mother 's pressure cooker from my childhood . This music is so rich in texture , I hear something new almost every time I listen to it . Highly produced , but well-balanced sound envelops me in an unfamiliar , but comfortable way -LRB- I 'm amused by the quirky connections between tracks -- hardly a silent second on the album -RRB- . It is not something I would have expected from a group self-identified as anarchist . But then I think about the message ! in the lyrics , which are not so comfortable , and I realize that I just bought the Trojan Horse .
 Pissing the night away , pissing the night away playing this LP with no scroll-a-thorn eg . `` Bleeped '' put words
 Thubthumper is the best song ever , so is Drip , Drip , Drip . Chumbawamba rules ! GET THIS CD ! Seriously ! It is so good ! You will like it if you like music !
 Granted , most of the songs on this album are decent , but not great . However , the four songs that ARE great -LRB- Tubthumping , etc. -RRB- are so incredible that they literally blow the rest of the songs away ! It is worth paying twice the price just to hear one of these amazing four songs !
 Oh YEAH ! I first heard Tubthumping on the commercial for Home Alone 3 and I spent 6 weeks trying to find out who the band was . Until one day in my Electronics class a friend and i built a radio out of some VCR , Telephone , and TV parts and picked up our local station and it was playing that song ! We cranked it up and even our 57 year old teacher began jamming to it !! I found out who the band was then had to wait another 3 agonizing weeks for my local CD store to get it in ! I finally got it , raced home , and cranked it up and soo found that the entire CD -LRB- except for Smalltown wihich does n't really catch me music-wise -RRB- kicks just as much arse as the first and most popular song . I have long since memorized all the words to every song -LRB- includng Smalltown :-P -RRB- and I sing to them constantly . Their songs even got me to do something other than slow-dancing at our Homecoming . Now THAT is amazing . Buy this album and you wo n't be dissappointed -LRB- despite what those first few shallow-@$$ lamers say -RRB- : - -RRB-
 This CD is a wonderful collection of Chumbawamba 's music . It is consistently good , slipping slightly on One by One and majorly on Smalltown . Unlike most CDs this had some great songs at the end such as I Want More and Scapegoat . I highly recommend it .
 My brother -LRB- who is so into NIN -RRB- wonders why I even bothered getting this CD , because he does n't like it . I did though . Chumbawamba has a sense of humor in their song writing I think . I mean , who would ever think about a song like ` Amnesia ' ? It 's quite original , very original and it sounds like a song by English group Madness from the 80 's . And speaking of their sense of humor in song writing , at least I know what Tubthumping is even though it 's an English term ! And if you do know what it is , you 'll see what I mean ! * giggle *
 All inventive music in England comes out of the struggle of the North ... Chumbawamba is for MEN only ... very few women appreciate the deep emotions this hard grimy strugglingly beautiful poetic original thumping `` in your face '' enchanting music means to a ` Bloke '' and I 'm from the mealy mouthed , Ford Escort , cell Phone South!My Shout '' A pint of lager and a packet of crisp please '' !!!!! Hey Chumbawamba , if you ever read this , use the money and start `` North '' label , get Oasis and a few other bands to come in , let other struggling bands get in on the act and rock the world , and give a little back to the birth of your talent.Political comment ? Nah !
 Chumbawamba 's Tubthumper is a spicy CD . A unique beat that has adrenaline pumping through their songs and is very intense and fun . This is a CD that can keep you dancing all night . The group has a way of using one or two lines all the way through the entire song as in `` Outsider . '' I did n't realize they were doing that till I looked in their song lyrics . Another thing I have noticed about their songs is that they always have a `` miniature song '' at the end of them . Usually it contains some dialouge , and some are very entertaining . This is the first CD that I know of that does this . I recommend Tubthumper wholeheartedly .
 Hey!Chumba hat mit dieser CD einen echten Treffer gemacht . Cooles Mixing etc. machten diese CD f&uuml;r mich reif f&uuml;r den Kauf !!!
 While Chumbawamba 's recent musical efforts have left little or no impression on the music scene , their debut album `` TUBTHUMPER '' will remain `` thumping '' to the dance club beat of a different drum . For unexplainable reasons , I find myself coming back to this album time and time again . The music will not let you go . It 's enjoyable , entertaining , and fun ! `` Tubthumping '' is an unrellenting statement of defiance . `` Amnesia '' 's persistent guitar riff and catchy trumpets will NOT leave you suffering from `` long term memory loss '' . `` The Big Issue '' contains some tatalizing chorale , and a catchy , lyrical tune . `` Mary , Mary '' is probably my favorite questioning the sanctity of Catholicism.Chambawamba may come and go , but let this be known . There was a band with a wierd name from England , whose music was fun to listen to , coherant , and made anarchy seem like fun!God Save `` Tubthumper '' !
 When I was in the 2nd grade I was friends with another kid named Aaron . I used to go over to his house a lot and I watched him play this computer game he had called Road to the world cup which was a soccer game . `` Tubthumping '' was the theme song and me and Aaron loved to listen to it a lot . Later in 4th Grade our family went on a trip to Dubai . One time we went into a CD store and I bought this album because I loved that song so much . But for the next two years that was mostly the only song I listened to untill a finally listened to the others.Every song on the album was good except `` Mary , Mary '' . I hate that song and I never listen to it . `` Tubthumping '' is a very loud and exciting song and is one of my favorites . `` Drip , Drip , Drip '' is also a nice with a good beat to it . `` The Good Ship Lifestyle '' is also a good song with good vocals . Back when I got it that song was my favorite . `` One by One '' is much softer than the others and towards the end it features great trumpet work like a lot of the others . `` Outsider '' is short in the way that it features the same vocals over and over again but it 's still good . `` Creepy Crawling '' features weird music and weird vocals so I do n't listen to it a lot . `` Smalltown '' is my favorite song basically because of the nice music and nice vocals . `` I want more and `` Scapegoat '' are also good ones.Another thing I noticed about this album is that every song featured mini songs at the end and I enjoy listening to them but a few were weird.The only reason I gave the album 4 stars is because `` Mary , Mary '' was n't good and a few songs were weird but other than that the album is good.You might want to hear a few samples of the songs before you buy the album but I still think everyone should buy it !!
 I love to sing along with this whole cd , which was once in my collection ! I had to get the whole album -- it has such a wide range of musical styles , all good tunes : -RRB-
 One Casey Orr took the sleeve photo at a Ripleys museum and landed it on here.In fact this band is like Ripleys where you enter every room and see something different.Here its Black Box Recorder , the Bonzo Dog Band , John Cooper Clark and T V Smith plus the pure folk voice of a reincarnated Lancashire witch
 TUB THUMPING I GET KNOCKED DOWN BUT I GET UP AGAIN ... WAS SO HAPPY TO HEAR THIS SONG AGAIN ON FOX 'S `` TRAFFIC LIGHT '' , WHICH I THINK MAY BE A FUN AND FUNNY HIT ?? LOVE SOME OF THE FOX SHOWS BUT DETEST FAUX NOISE/NEWZ :--LRB- -LRB-
 this is one awsome piece of house music history . MOST of the tracks on this album are good ones . I recommend it
 I have to say that if it werent for this album Chumbawamba wouldnt be that popular . Though its kinda 90s its good . The only bad thing I have to say about is the baby on the front is kinda freaky looking . The best song on the album is Tubthumping . If it werent for this song the album wouldnt even be out . And dont worry its not about sex.I bought it for 3 dollars -LRB- at goodwill -RRB- but I wouldnt buy it for more than 10 . Peace Out
 Do n't let the pub pop of `` Tubthumping '' fool you , this is more than a simple pop album . It blends catchy melodies , smart lyrics , and an original sound that is very fun and very British . Chumbawamba is the kind of band that little kids and teenage indie rockers alike can enjoy . There is a song for everyone on this album , and if you ca n't find at least one song on this album that you like , you do n't deserve to listen to music at all .
 I can not believe there are people who only know Chumbawamba for their Pop exterior and nothing else . No wonder some of the peope there do n't like them . No wonder I bought the cd for under 3 dollars and never looked back on their history . Once I found out what the songs were about , I enjoye their CD to the death . Well , actually , I listened to their album than I went to find more . And I say you caa n't find a better contemporary band that does n't mind dabbling in the devil 's pot than Chumbawamba . They wrote about everything wrong with the world thus far ... from poverty , to narrowmindedness , to wars , to consumerism -LRB- on their album UN -RRB- . Tub Thumping is all a bout just getting drunk in your favorite pub after a hard days work of fighting.Amnesia
 Damn , their still selling this CD ? Well , my friend gave it to me a couple years ago . I liked Tubthimping and all , although I was n't crazy about it . Actually , it 's not the only good song on the CD , Amnesia , Drip , The Big Issue , and Scapegoat are all awsome songs , as are most others . Some of the songs never really caught onto me , but most of it is good music . Anarchy rules !
 TUBTHUMPER IS THE BEST SONG ON THE HOLE CD THAT EVERY ONE LIKES MAN IT CAN RELLY GET YOU MOVING .
 Even though Chumbawamba 's most popular single in America was Tubthumping , that is my least favorite song on this album . It 's way too slow . The rest of the songs are really fast , and have a great beat . If you like music with a beat , you must get this CD ! Hey , even better , many of Chumbawamba 's songs actually have meaning , for those of you that have a brain . There are a total of 12 songs and about ten mini-songs on the CD
 Originally , my mom bought this CD for my little brother . After listening to `` Tubthumper '' about three times , he left it at school . I rescued it and listened to the whole CD.What can I say -- It 's the BEST ! Chumbawamba is a British anarchist band that does n't write love songs -- in short , my heroes . I especially like `` Outsider '' and `` Mary , Mary . `` Vervain , Johnswort , Cinquefoil , HateBurn the CitySmash the State ! - not a Chumbawamba song -LRB- from * The Iron Dragon 's Daughter , * by Michael Swanwick
 The entire CD was good . Especially Tubthumping !!! THE BEST DANCING MUSIC AROUND , even though it can get very repetitive .
 This CD is for everyone . The wide variety will suit anyones tastes . If you want the best in rock 'n' roll , look no further
 This album is sweet . I originally bought it just to listen to `` Tubthumper '' but by now that has become my least favorite song . One of the postive aspects of the CD is the constantly changing tempo of each song . The many different styles and tempos in each song and the fact that the songs have some meaning make it all the more worthwhile . Buy this CD . You will find yourself headbanging to every song on this album in no time .
 We think that this CD is really awesome . It just makes me and my sister get up and dance every time we here it . TUBTHUMPER is a very good song , along with all of the other songs on the CD . You must get it .
 I thought this CD would be a bust cause I got it from my friend for a dollar , but after I listened to it for a while , the lyrics and the beat totally got into me . This CD has a funky cool rhythm that makes all the songs groove . Do n't listen to the bad reviews cause this CD ai n't all that bad , it 's actually pretty good !!!
 One great song , a few good , and some bad !
 When I got this CD -LRB- as a gift , I was really into `` Tubthumping '' -RRB- , I was very afraid that much of the rest of the CD would be garbage . I was very wrong . These guys -LRB- and gals -RRB- are more talented than anyone seems to give them credit for . There 's something for everyone on this CD .
 This CD , quite apart from it 's political implications , which someone had to explain to me before I even knew they existed , is full of very uplifiting music . The complexity of the various electrified instruments is indicative of great skill in the composing . I especially reccomend the first five songs .
 I 've always had a soft spot for political rockers , which actually surprises some of my friends who do n't consider me all that political myself . There 's just something about the earnestness , the commitment , the downright obstinacy it takes to maintain a stance in a show biz climate . And when it 's done with a little humor and a bit of pizzazz , well , so much the better.I 've read a few commentaries on Chumbawumba that express something like surprise that these self-proclaimed anarchists produce a very un-punk , un-grunge sound . TUBTHUMPER comes across as an amalgam of 80s British synth-pop -LRB- Kajawumba ? Chumbagoogoo ? -RRB- and 60s art-rock experimentalism . Most tracks are embedded in sound collages with snippets of film dialogue and extemporaneous monologues supplied by whoever may have been in the studio that day . Some of the songs are well developed , while others are abbreviated and almost fragmentary -LRB- shades of ABBEY ROAD -RRB- . It 's all good , and it holds together remarkably well . Especially to these cynical old ears -LRB- since I feared one hit and a lot of filler -RRB- . How ironic is it that that one Top 40 hit is the novelty song `` Tubthumping '' ? There 's probably a certain ironic satisfaction for the band members in having one of their songs become an anthem for drunken jocks and frat boys throughout the US . Or do these anarchists Brits really appreciate the irony of that ? I bet they do , and that they 're lovin ' it.Is `` Tubthumping '' one of the few apolitical ditty the Chumbas have to offer ? Well , it might seem foolish to spend a lot of time analyzing the song . But there are those who maintain that all art is political , and even a song done as a lark may have broader implications . Me , I just wonder if the songs narrator is feeling affectionate or condescending toward the poor drunken bloke he 's singing about . And is that same bloke the one singing , `` I get knocked down , but I get up again / No one 's ever going to keep me down '' ? And are those words to live by , or is he just kidding himself in his stupor?See , overanalyzing is easy and fun to do . What I really like about the Chumbas on this record is that their politics are always there beneath the surface , but that there 's a lot of other stuff going on too . Is `` Good Ship Lifestyle '' an ironic shanty about alienation more political than personal ? Or is understood , as the feminists have been telling us for over 30 years , that the personal is political?Chumbawumba dances around the edge of politics that way . They have their angry moments -LRB- `` Whatever Happened to Mary '' -RRB- , but unlike many of the punkers , they 're mainly cheerful anarchists . And that cheer is contagious .
 There are a number of bands I 'm embarrassed to admit that I listened to in my youth . Chumbawamba is n't one of them . With their anarchic pop-punk and their witty lyrics attacking the Tories of their native England , Chumbawamba took social commentary to a new level . Utilizing catchy pop tunes they made their commercial breakthrough with their 1997 album , Tubthumper , which not only brought them mainstream recognition but also international stardom -LRB- ironically these were the last things that they intended -RRB- . Their songs tackle everyday problems in the U.K. including alcoholism as a form of diversion -LRB- Tubthumping -RRB- , the hazards of trusting landlords -LRB- Drip , Drip , Drip -RRB- , political corruption -LRB- One by One -RRB- and puritanical religious beliefs -LRB- Mary , Mary -RRB- . Rather than being obnoxiously preachy they maintain a sharp satirical edge that cuts through their pop style and gets to the heart of the matter with a focus and concentration that is intimidating . The question is , where are they now ? Personally , I 'd like to think that Chumbawamba is off in some bar , in an industrial mining town , encouraging English citizens to rebel against their government with danceable pop music -LRB- that 's my kind of revolution -RRB- . Songs include :1 . Tubthumping2 . Amnesia3 . Drip , Drip , Drip4 . The Big Issue5 . The Good Ship Lifestyle6 . One by One7 . Outsider8 . Creepy Crawling9 . Mary , Mary10 . Small Town11 . I Want More12 . Scapegoat `` The Tories in England had long imagined that they were enthusiastic about the monarchy , the church and beauties of the old English Constitution , until the day of danger wrung from them the confession that they are enthusiastic only about rent . '' - Karl Marx
 A lot of people make fun of Chumbawamba because its easy to . I however look at this as one of the best bands and CDs i have ever purchased . Sure there are those goofy little ends to each song , but when it comes down to it every single song on the CD is a hit . Most bands can hope to have one or two hits to a CD . Tubthumper has a record setting 12 hits back to back to back.The singing ability of the females in the group is perfectly complimented by the catchy yet uniquely inspiring rhythms and harmonics . I would advise this CD for anyone who has a since of music appreciation in them .
 this album from the tubthumper sessions from chumbawamba is awesome !!! the songs from start to finish not only give you the urge to dance , but the urge to stand up and shout along with the lyrics and what the song is all about ! it features clever puns intertwined with fun beats and great dance anthems . great fan of the music , and you wo n't be disappointed with Tubthumper if you enjoy music as well .
 So I 'm sitting in a restaurant with my friends , and we begin talking about music , a subject foreign to no one at the table . Everyone in my group has distinct tastes , but are still very open to different sounds and bands ; my taste has always been extremely eclectic -LRB- sometimes a little too eclectic , as my friends will criticize -RRB- , and I tell them that I love the band Chumbawamba . This leads to the typical , `` Who ? '' , to which I reply , `` The band to sang that ' I get knocked down song ' '' , to which they reply , `` Ew . '' This is where my anger comes in . For some reason unknown to mankind , `` Tubthumping '' -LRB- the ' I get knocked down song ' -RRB- was the only single released from the album of the same name ; ironically , this is almost definitely the worst song on the album.Chumbawamba was one of the first bands I really got into as a teenager ; `` unique '' is the only word one can use to describe them -LRB- `` genius '' is very nearly another , but i 'm afraid of using the word too generously -RRB- . They take a genre -LRB- alternative rock , of sorts -RRB- , douse it in anarchist mentality , dip it in the chocolaty sweetness of good music , and then leave it out to dry
 There was once a point where Chumbawumba was an angry group of individuals . The album `` Shh '' contains many tirades , including a british rock/rap attack on censorship -LRB- well , I thank God for watchin ' what I 'm doin ' , oops , fusion , watch what you 're sayin ' , remember what happened before when you tried to thank God ... uh ... Christ ... uh ... him . They had to scrap your lyrics and put it in a bin -RRB- and songs that rang from people seeing Jesus in the sky to a woman sewing her abusive husband to a bed.Tubthumper finds the unusually named band in new territory - commericialism . This was , and is , the only succesfull album the band has -LRB- or will -RRB- have . It is a departure from their more angry ways , but you can still see some remeniscients of that in songs such as `` Mary Mary '' -LRB- forgive me lord , for I have sinned . I sold my soul , for sex and gin -RRB- . They get their working class struggles in song form with `` one by one '' -LRB- with lyrics based on a post World War I Kiplying poem - `` when they asked us why they died , we tell them 'cause our leaders lied '' -RRB- The album is an amazing exercise in lyrics and song for this former underground organization who has described themselves as `` cowering under the broken wing of pop music `` My longwindedness aside , there is just one thing to add - BUY THIS CD ! You wo n't regret it .
 This is a pretty good CD - if you do n't mind that many of the lyrics are dark and supportive of anarchy . Tubthumping is ok , but it gets old fast . I ' l admit - some of the other songs -LRB- ... -RRB- , but overall this is a pretty good CD . Please realize that chumbawamba is an anarchist group .
 ... Probably , but this CD is actually pretty good . I usually do n't care for pop groups that get too much radio air time -LRB- hearing `` Tubthumping '' the first million times really got to me -RRB- but the rest of the album is very good . `` Amnesia '' and `` Drip Drip Drip '' are very catchy , entertaining tunes for example . Buy this , skip track one and listen to the rest of the CD .
 Everyone has heard the song tubthumping . Buy all of chumbawamba 's CD 's please . For them
 Whenever I hear `` Tubthumping '' it reminds of my 10th birthday in 1997 . The tribal beats , funny lyrics , and trumpets are awesome !
 With Heiland , Schweissers fourth album , the band takes a big step outside their metal-hardcore image . Most of the tracks show a wider range of styles , taking the very intense lyrics to an even higher level . All of the songs have a very good live feeling , always with an eye on the right groove -LRB- and who wants to bang his head to the same rhytm for a two hour show ? -RRB- Knowing their new work '' . . bitte warten '' -LRB- please wait -RRB- this was the needed link in between . Highlights are
 Schweisser is a German rock band who 's sound changes with every album . There first one was punk then they started to play metal on Eisenkopf and Willkommen im Club , which is an absolute must for all metal fans , then they made this album which has more of a hard rock sound and finally they made Bitte Warten which is a soft album.Anyways back to this this album , most of the songs are n't that fast but they all have a certain heavyness to them that is very easy to rock out to . One of the songs sounds a little like Led Zeppelin 's Kashmir but without the violins and without that stoner feeling . Another song features Apokolyptica , which is a group of metal cello players , the cello 's on the song have a nice creepy feeling to it which is pretty cool . The track Indien starts with people talking in the streets then the music comes in for about 20 seconds then it 's over which is too bad because it sounded good and should 've been made into a song . The vocals are n't as yelled out as much as on their earlier albums but it still sounds good.I would recommend this cd to both fans of metal and hard rock . I would also reccomed their earlier metal cd 's Eisenkopf and Willkommen im Club for all those metal heads out there .
 Schweisser is originally a heavy band with hard guitars and screaming . In this cd though they seem to take a brake from all of it and have more mellow songs . I recommend the other three Schweisser cd 's over this one . `` Willkommen Im Club '' is their hardest I think , I recommend that one first . It has really heavy guitars and heavy vocals also , I 'm sure death metal fans and even hard rock fans will enjoy it . Just dont get this album , haha .
 Thomas Beecham -LRB- 1879-1961 -RRB- is not thought of today as a major Wagner conductor , but he did conduct a number of Wagner 's music dramas at Covent Garden in the 1930s , and has recorded a number of Wagner overtures and preludes , including this collection.Although the early - mid 1950s sound will be an issue for some , I urge serious collectors to consider this recording , as it shows Beecham 's mastery of Wagner . A great alternative to other Wagner collections of Bohm -LRB- DG -RRB- , Karajan -LRB- EMI -RRB- , Furtwangler -LRB- Naxos Historical and EMI -RRB- , Bernstein -LRB- Sony -RRB- and Ormandy -LRB- Sony -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 Here I am again , as one of the world 's most crazy fans of Gigantor . I am really in a good position for this review , since I know almost everything about the band.What we have here is an outstanding production of another excelent album . Since `` Back to the Rockets '' we knew it was hard to create such a perfect album , but yes , they did it again !!! Rhythm / trouble is a mature album of a mature band . Andreas , the new guitar player , is a great aquisition . Creates and plays well , he has the G-style . Influences of Ramones and Turbonegro are clear . Quick , fast and melodic , nothing more than that . They come to perfection in `` Belly up '' with classic `` pa-ra-pa-pas '' . The lyrics about love are constant , thanks God Jay Lansford exists . The ex-simpletones is a genious writer ... I wo n't tell you anything about Gagu ... Simply the same
 Message to the first reviewer - this compilation album comes from Australia . Being in the southern hemisphere , Autumn begins in March . And like the 2nd reviewer said , international songs are released at a later date here .
 The music on this album was originally composed by Buddy Bregman for a movie that came out in 1956 called THE WILD PARTY , a grade Z melodrama consisting of stereotypically drug-addicted and drunken jazz musicians hanging out and playing in clubs . It 's worse than bad , but the music , reworked slightly here , is pretty good . Some of the tunes are episodic and not just background music in the flick - THE FLIGHT is obviously meant for a chase sequence and LOST KEYS has an eerie , mysterious quality to it . Ben Webster 's presence is a big plus
 For an album recorded nearly 1/2 a century ago -LRB- December 1956 -RRB- , Swinging Kicks does n't sound outdated . The sound quality , while not up to today 's digital perfection , is still quite listenable . The playing is awesome -LRB- lotsa power ! -RRB- , but what do you expect from guys like Maynard , Bud Shank , Ben Webster , etc. . According to the liner notes , the tunes come from a film Buddy scored called The Wild Party -LRB- unfamiliar to me -RRB- . Interestingly , some charts have 2 pianos -LRB- Andre Previn and Paul Smith -RRB- . Originally produced by Norman Granz , 40 minutes . By the way , Buddy has a web site up with some interesting remembrances of his Songbook recordings with Ella - check it out .
 Band personnel is who 's who in the LA studio scene . Album was recorded in 1956 . If you love swinging big band music you 'll love this ... Personnel
 OK , so this album -LRB- whoops - gave my age away there ... sorry , CD -RRB- is dated . So what ? Some things are forever relevant and enjoyable , whether dated or not . I bought this album back in the 50 's , lost it somewhere along the line , and have just discovered it 's out on CD . My advice to any jazz fan is to BUY IT ! There 's not a better example of original West Coast Cool out there . The arrangements are interesting and varied ... the section and solo work fabulous . My only -LRB- tiny -RRB- objection is that I wish there were a few jazz Standards included . But that aside , it 's still a wonderful addition to anyone 's collection and a MUST HAVE if you 're into WCJ . By the way , Buddy has a fairly recent CD out now called `` SWING '' . And does it ever ! This one is full of old standards re-done in a kickin ' modern swing style . Very innovative , although it may not appeal to the more snobbish `` swing '' purist .
 Any album involving Buddy Bregman is worth having , especially this one . While he 's been well known for writing world-class charts for singers like Ella , Anita , Bing , etc. , this album is a prime example of how he can drive a big band , especially with the likes of Maynard Ferguson , Andre Previn , Harry `` Sweets '' Edison , etc. on board . Every single track is a standout ... however , my favorite is the leadoff track `` The Wild Party . '' Buddy has been blessed with a multi-faceted career -LRB- composer , arranger , TV and film producer/director , etc. -RRB- , but this is one of his crowning glories . If you like driving big-band jazz , get your hands on this CD ... you wo n't be disappointed !!!
 This music just keeps pounding . Insistant with dynamics and changes in each cut . Just listening to the little download clips does not really give you an idea , but try listening to the first clip , and notice the change 2/3 of the way through it .
 The tragedy of this album is its brevity . Six songs are not enough to capture the genius of this Seattle-based band . And the songs selected do n't begin to show the musical or song-writing talent of this trio . Yet this abbreviated album still earns a 5 + in my book . I suggest you catch them live if you ever find yourself in Seattle , but if that 's not an option or you need your Senate fix before then , then buy this album . You 'll probably never hear it on the radio , but it 's the best music in my 3800 + song archives . I ca n't wait until they release another one .
 My wife and I were treated to a spectacular final performance at the Triple Door in Seattle . I had never heard of them before but was quiet honestly blown away by this string rock band . Great lyrics , fantastic instrumentals , and a clear chemistry between the artists .
 This band is excellent . They have another CD now out . . buy it ! Their music is so beautifully different and enjoyable to listen to . I 'm addicted !
 This recording brings the true meaning of Christmas to life . At first my brother , sister , and I wore out the Littlest Angel side of the record and then discovered an even greater treasure with Gregory Peck 's narration of the Lullaby of Christmas . The manufacturer should transfer this recording to CD so the new generations of children can be entranced by these 2 beautiful stories .
 For those of you familiar with Shawn 's more popular albums beware
 Ian Pooley 's `` Meridian '' is how every house disc should be done , with funky basslines , nigh-perfect melodies and relentless beats that scream for airplay on your stereo ! Pooley 's music is n't `` mindless '' house music at all -- it 's warm , sensual and inviting -- perfect enough for a night out or in !
 Classic on so many levels , MERIDIAN still stands as Ian Pooley 's brightest moment . From the baroque chords of the intro and right until `` Relief Action , '' barely a foot goes wrong on this album . `` What 's Your Number '' goes for some broken beat funk , utilizing a moody sample to great emotional effect . `` Followed '' hits the 4/4 stride and , despite its length , never feels tiresome , thanks to careful layering . The initial dreaminess of `` Disco Love '' acts as a powerful counter to the more dance-oriented tracks , and blows up once the funk guitar gets filtered in . The more downtempo `` Dawn '' hints at the summery tone his later albums would take . `` Cold Wait '' gets us back on the floor , as it swings into high disco gear . `` Floor Face Down '' goes slightly more downtempo , but with plenty of groove to go around , and `` Relief Action '' takes things out on a more mellow note . A really outstanding album .
 some beautiful house tracks are in this album . . there are some repetitive tracks but the album is balanced by some special ones , notably
 Never before have I heard such an awesome array of different beats all in one collection . The Techno portion is clearly one of the best mixes I 've ever listened to . Definitely a must buy .
 The first volume of the Technics
 This 4-CD set traces the career of Brazilian teenybop popper Erasmo Carlos , one of the key songwriters and performers of the '60s `` jovem guarda '' teen scene , which aped the Brill Building and Motown pop sounds of the swinging Sixties , and helped open the way to more experimental rock by the likes of Caetano Veloso and Os Mutantes . The set is programmed chronologically , and opens with a few rare Eddie Cochran-styled singles recorded by The Snakes , a band he formed in the late 1950s with future Brazilian funk star Tim Maia . Later , Erasmo met Roberto Carlos -LRB- no relation -RRB- , with whom he would co-host the popular `` Jovem Guarda '' television program , which set the pace for the so-called `` ie-ie-ie '' movement . The first two discs , which cover his work in the 1960s , are pretty solid , and surprisingly strong for the style . Discs 3 and 4 cover his work up through the mid-1990s . As you might imagine , these years were a bit less satisfying , but still the song selection is pretty solid , and a very good look at one of the important early figures in Brazilian rock . Recommended .
 Wow , I just bought this CD and I was surprised to see how poorly reviewed it was . Actually , that is the primary reason for my participation in this review ... to offer a positive and encouraging reason to purchase this compact disc . I found the music to be refreshing and beautiful and , despite what other reviews have said , found the musicians to be quite talented . It 's a good CD to relax to , have a dinner party to , et cetera . It 's not REM , do n't expect to hear REM . It is , however , a string quartet who brings a refreshing twist to most of REM 's popular songs .
 This recording may only be very exciting to the rabid REM fan or collector , but if that 's what you are then this is a must have . It includes all of the REM staples as might be expected -LRB- Losing My Religion , Everybody Hurts , and Shiny Happy People -RRB- , but also has surprising choices such as Superman , Catapult , and Crush With Eyeliner . The only point which I feel was n't absolutely astounding is the string rendition of ... End Of The World ... , this song just does n't come off quite right without Stipe 's lyrics . But this record is definetely recommended by this die-hard fan .
 I 'm basing this review solely on the Sash ! mix , which is the only one worth listening to . Anybody who likes `` Jellyhead '' or `` Luv 'd Up '' by Crush will love this song , as the vocals and lyrics are excellent . True , the male rap element is gone , but that format is getting really tired by the late '90s . Musically , I think this is one of the best songs 2Unlimited has ever done ! And when I play it in the club , the dancefloor explodes - ` nuff said !
 ... ensures this album stays out of the cocktail lounge and in the bedroom ! I 'm a big Baker fan and this guy 's a better retro-rendition than Connick Jr. is of his `` Sinatra '' genre . But Till is not just a Baker renaissance ; his own compositions are central to this album . Would be good to see this guy compose more . Put this CD on and hold onto your partner tight ... I 'm sure the music will say what you do n't have to say ! Enjoy !
 I came across this CD while browsing Verve 's web page , heard some of the -LRB- 30sec -RRB- samplers and basically took a gamble . No regrets !!! This CD will blow you away . It 's by far the best CD I have bought this year . For someone so young to play with so much feeling ... . Do n't hesitate , buy this CD , you will not regret it .
 One of the best CDs from a new face on the scene in years . I was blown away the first time I heard one of the songs being played on NPR . If you liked the lyrical romanticism of Wynton 's `` Hot House Flowers '' , and the muted understatement of Miles ' `` Kind of Blue '' , you will enjoy this CD a lot . Put it on the CD player , dim the lights , break open a fine cabernet or san giovese , and enjoy .
 I was driving home from a gig in Chicago when I heard the cut `` Brazil '' on the radio . At first I thought it was Miles , but the longer he played , I realized that it could n't possibly be Miles ... or anyone else I 'd ever heard ! `` How could I have missed this guy , '' I thought to myself . `` He sounds so mature ; he 's got to be a legend . `` When the tune was over the announcer came on with the album info . WHAT ???! This guy 's in his twenties ? Wow ! One of the most unique sounding players I 've heard . As a trumpet player , I can tell he 's got alot of chops , but he plays very understated - not trying to show off , just singing beautiful melodies through the horn . Ahh , if it were only that easy for all of us .
 WHEN I ENTERED THE PAGE AND THEY TOLD ME IT WAS GOING TO TAKE ALMOST TWO MONTHS TO GET MY RECORD I FELT BAD , BUT AS I DID NOT HAVE ANY CHOICES I WENT ON.IT WAS A GREAT SURPRISE TO GET MY RECORD ALMOST 5 WEEKS BEFORE THE TIME THEY SAID , THANK YOU VERY MUCHI 'LL KEEP BUYING THERE
 Fred Cole has been around since he was the lead singer for the Lollipop Shoppe when he was 16 years old in 1966 . Him and his wife Trudy formed the Rats in the mid 70 's , some great well written punk music . I have a couple of the records . Then they did some country punk before it became popular . I have seen Fred and Trudy live a few times and they are great . Dead Moon has put out a bunch of stuff since the 70 's , try to find the out of print stuff . have fun , EVL . . PS . The Rats and Dead Moon had a great impact in the NW with Punk and Country Punks .
 While Dead Moon 's `` studio '' albums are nothing short of brilliant , anyone who has seen them live knows that they are beyond comparison . Which is why both Dead Moon live albums are so great . As opposed to most live albums , which are all dolled up and clean , Dead Moon live albums are the closest thing to being there . Definately a great purchase .
 I ordered a rare CD that I had a lot of trouble finding in other places . It was cheap and got to me over two weeks earlier than Amazon estimated . This vendor will be at the top of my list when I purchase my next CD .
 I just saw this band last night , and their energy on stage is amazing . Hard Wired is a great collection of their older songs , and definetely captures what makes them so good live .
 This album is remarkable for really capturing a lot of what makes Dead Moon the best live show ever . Toodie 's remarks about the WC , the band thanking the opening band - these are so indicative of Dead Moon . Song selection is excellent , the set list captures most everything from a standard Dead Moon Show . The mix works too , a bit scratchy at times , but its all there . The enhanced CD is fun , but I really want a full length concert-documentary on this band . Truly an inspiring group , and worthy of five stars . ...
 I 'm something of a soundtrack junkie and a Romero fan to boot . I have to admit , I did n't really appreciate the soundtrack in the theater ... but after purchasing the CD I 'm hooked.Its an awesome soundtrack . A really substantial experience with 30 + tracks . It has jumped to my top ten fav soundtracks.See the movie ! Shorter than most Romero fans would like - but an interesting addition to the lineage .
 Wow , words can barely express the awesomeness of this piece . First I will start with the movie , brilliant ! That is all there is to be said about the film . Now the OST , beautiful work . A very dark and somber piece , very moody and atmospheric . Its not something you just listen to for fun , at least for me . Its more of a background music , while doing your business . Its just brilliant . Every track in amazing from beginning to end . I was unfamiliar with Johnny Klimek and Reinhold Heild 's work . This cd however makes me want to definatly look into it . It is the perfect sound to go along with the dark nature of the film . Some tracks are very tranquil and moody , while others pound out beats and are very fast paced . All in all a 5/5 for the cd , a definate must have for any collection ! Highly recommneded !
 While listening to this CD , i really felt like i was in the theater hearing it . It really makes you feel like you are watching it . Each track illustrates the climaxes and important parts of the movie by using music .
 Curiously , the track # 36 -LRB- To Canada -RRB- was used in the 1st teaser trailer of the new Rambo movie . For a film filled with so many deaths , it was quite an appropriate choice , was n't it ?
 I loved the movie , I think the only way you ca n't love the movie is if you like your zombies of the fast footed variety -LRB- ZING ! -RRB- . The soundtrack in the film was great , creepy , exciting , I have no complaints .
 It was like watching the movie all over again . As you listened you felt like you was right there back in the seat at the theater facing the undead !!!! Buy this CD . It is a perfect way to remeber where you was when George released the undead upon you .
 This soundtrack is fantastic and so is the movie . Listening to it let me relive every part of the movie . It ; s well worth it .
 Here you have a perfect example of soundtrack . The music perfectly accompanies images and it intensifies them and it gives depth them . Aid to raise climax in horror scenes and aid to relax in dialogue scenes . The style is very powerful , very advisable for the postapocaliptic look of the movie . In spite of it , globally it is not as close as the soundtracks of the dawn of dead and the day of the dead .
 One of the things that I first noticed while watching Land of the Dead was its lack of a `` memorable '' score . Unlike the entries that have proceeded it -LRB- Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead , and Day of the Dead -RRB- there was no moment in Land of the Dead where I took notice of the music , it just faded into the other ambient noise of the picture - you know , the screams , groans , gun shots , explosions and other things one expects to hear during a George A. Romero zombie movie . I guess it could be argued that the post production time was so short -LRB- Universal Studios shot the release time forward by five months in an attempt to turn a small movie into a Big Summer Movie -RRB- and Romero 's pacing of the film so breathless , that composers Reinhold Heil and Johnny Klimek did not have time to construct a more traditional score -LRB- creating distinctive themes for certain characters - though there is a hint of one for Big Daddy - and motifs to play off each other as the story unfolds -RRB- . That is not to say that the soundtrack is bad . It is actually a strong John Carpenter styled score that perfectly captures the bleak mood , building tension and sudden outbreaks of extreme violence that run through what just might be the last zombie movie to be written and directed by George A. Romero . Horror/Sci-fi soundtrack fans , Romero fans , and even John Carpenter fans should enjoy it . Recommended .
 Yeah , yeah , we know she has a loaded last name ; anyway , a CD ought to be listened to on its own merits . As far as I am concerned , this is a keeper.Charlotte Gainsbourg 's soft , mellow voice perfectly fits Air 's melodies .
 How did I ever find or hear of Charlotte Gainsbourg I really do n't know , but I 'm really glad that I did ! This album is absolutely great , I 'm not going to go through every track but like everyone else the obvious standouts are 5:55 and Songs that we Sing . I personally ca n't fault any track on the album . My only negative feedback would be that I wish Charlotte had sang the whole album in French , or at least a few more of the tracks . Also I would have appreciated all of the lyrics along with more liner notes . After paying for the `` Enhanced '' version of the disc I was also alittle disappointed that the bonus tracks and interview would not play on my P.C. I 'm looking forward to a DVD hopefully in the not too distant future . Great album though so the full 5 stars from me !!
 What a great album !!! I never knew she sang as well . I have seen her in French movies and enjoyed greatly her acting in those movies . Now I even adore her more , because not only can she act , but she can sing as well !!! Go Charlotte Go !!!! Ca n't wait for her next album .
 I put on this album at work the other day out of sheer curiosity . I liked the music of Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin and I was wondering what their offspring 's album might be like . Arianna Savall , the daughter of Jordi Savall and Montserrat Figueras , has done some lovely music and her album was highly accomplished . So sometimes the sons and daughters of singers and musicians do succeed in music , too.I noticed that Jarvis Cocker and one of the members of Air were involved in mademoiselle Gainsbourg 's album and that provided me with further incentive to hear this recording.Okay , this album contains some very attractive music . The piano dominates and the instrumental shell around the singer 's voice has an beguiling ambient character . The use of a string orchestra with the piano also impressed me.I like the fact that Charlotte Gainsbourg 's voice sits inside the instrumental music , rather than riding over the top . Ms Gainsbourg often singing in a very subdued way , almost a whisper . Normally , I find this approach a little tedious , but it works well here and is perfectly in keeping with the music.I listened to this album three times today and I bought it.I would n't mind seeing a collaboration between Charlotte Gainsbourg and John Foxx and/or Harold Budd . I can almost imagine her singing `` He 's A Liquid '' . I warmly recommend 5.55 and I am sure that many music lovers will find much to enjoy in this subtle album .
 Her mother Jane Birkin added her breathy , orgasmic tones to her father Serge Gainsbourg 's `` Je T'Aime ... Moi Non Plus '' . And the family resemblances are unavoidable in Charlotte 's album , that voice hesitant , barely a whisper at times , but shimmering with sexiness.What saves this album from being a lot of Gallic mumblings bound up in its own self-importance is the heavweight help the family name commanded.The result of Gainsbourg 's meeting with Nicolas Godin , one half of French electronica duo Air , at a Radiohead concert in Paris , `` 5:55 '' , is a carefully crafted gem.Charlotte 's voice is as slight and breathy as her mother 's , but lyrics by Jarvis Cocker and the Divine Comedy 's Neil Hannon create a hazy , Gauloise-inflected intimacy against full , string-rich arrangements by producer Nigel Godrich , those Parisian maestros of wafting electronica `` Air '' are on board , as is `` Radiohead '' producer Nigel Godrich and Nigerian percussionist Tony Allen , lauded by Brian Eno as `` the greatest musician on the planet '' . The title track `` 5:55 '' and the first single `` The Songs That We Sing stand out '' , the former haunting and piano-led , the latter carrying an infectiously boisterous chorus.At times Charlotte 's thin voice and finishing-school vowels can grate , but the album as a whole is emotive , rewarding and compelling - a world away from feather-strewn beds and dodgy filial duets.We get the mildly erotic , such as the teasing `` Beauty Mark '' , and we get something like beat poetry in `` AF607105 '' , with its stark lines about air travel.There 's also big helpings of the kind of wistful balladeering only the French can muster .4 * * * * and 1/2 . The OriginalsJane Birkin et Serge GainsbourgSongs That We SingL ` EffronteeGolden Door
 They say if you 're not any good at singing , you should surround yourself with the best musicians you can find . Time after time , this little method of canceling out one 's vocal flaws has worked with almost no one noticing . So when I first heard that Charlotte Gainsbourg , a rather accomplished -LRB- or at least , talented -RRB- actress , was making an album with the help of the guys from Air , Neil Hannon of The Divine Comedy , and the one and only Jarvis Cocker , my first thought was that I was in for another lesson in `` How Not to Sing . '' But I was terribly mistaken . As it turns out , Charlotte Gainsbourg is extremely talented . And would n't you know it ? `` 5:55 '' is beautiful!While not possessing the most powerful voice ever captured on an album , Gainsbourg does a brilliant job of blending her vocals in with Dunckel and Godin 's Air-ish compositions . She accomplishes this by half-whispering most of her lyrics , but it sounds absolutely perfect . On the title track , `` 5:55 , '' she sings , `` Soon the morning will arrive . Can I begin another day whilst this old day is still alive , refusing to be put away , '' so beautifully that it feels like she 's singing only for you . This brilliant lyric is penned by Cocker , as he and Hannon share most the songwriting duties on the album . `` The Operation '' is perhaps the standout track on the album . It utilizes a steady electronic drum beat to accompany a great piano composition and bass line . The highlight of the song comes about half way through when the music drops out to leave Charlotte whispering , `` Our love goes under the knife . Nothing is taboo here on the cutting edge of science ... '' It is yet another fantastic song . ` The Songs that We Sing '' is the first time the album crosses into near-pop territory -LRB- later revisited in `` Everything I Can not See '' -RRB- . The music itself feels like it could 've been ripped right off of one of Neil Hannon 's albums . The song begins with an upbeat piano line and a xylophone syncopating along with it . Here , Gainsbourg asks the question , `` And the songs that we sing , do they mean anything to the people we 're singing them to ? '' over well-composed chord progression . `` Beauty Mark '' is a lesson in minimalism . The percussion on the song is largely forgotten in favor of creating the kind of lush soundscapes that have defined Air 's sound for so many years . In what is extremely reminiscent of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's classic short story , `` The Birthmark , '' Gainsbourg sings , `` This little death , this mark of sin , forever painted on my skin '' over swells of strings.The album is filled with examples of how my initial hypothesis was wrong . In fact , every song on this album is so gorgeous that it 's hard to believe that Gainsbourg has n't set aside her acting career in favor of this pursuit . Indeed , she is an unbelievably talented individual , and `` 5:55 '' is evidence of that . Of course , one could make the argument that without the talents of her constituents the album would not be near as good . My response is , who cares ? `` 5:55 '' is amazing from the time you press play to when the final second ticks off . That 's quite an achievement , and one that should not go unnoticed.Recommended for fans of Air , Zero 7 , and anyone who wants to define `` beauty '' more accurately.Key Tracks :1 . `` 5:55 `` 2 . `` AF607105 `` 3 . `` The Operation `` 4 . `` The Songs that We Sing `` 5 . `` Little Monsters `` 9 out of 10 Stars
 I wish this review forum would allow for half stars , because I am really only just such a small step away from giving a full five stars . -- Charlotte 's album captures an evocative nature and provides a taste of exotic accoustic beauty amongst a fog of entrancing classical undertones . The overall tone bears resembelance to fellow Parisian artists ` Air ' , with the help of their collaboration on the album . Throughout each song , Charlotte 's voice whispers along to a sensational variety of musical intrigue and creates a unique empire of sound ... an unruly yet captivating blend of genres
 `` I feel you all around meYou are everything I can not seeAs the ocean crawls onto the shorelineSo you lap at the edges of me `` Charlotte Gainsbourg 's vocals are whispers of silky perfection . With a delicious French sensuality , she merges breathy lyrics by Jarvis Cocker , Neil Hannon and AIR with music by AIR . It is true to say she could sing anything and sound sexy.At times the music does overtake her velvety vocals and in `` Night-Time Intermission '' she almost seems invisible except for giggles and silken nuance . At times the moods of her voice seem more important than the lyrics . The highlight is `` Tel Que Tu Es '' which is breathtaking.Wistful and creative poetic lyrics make Charlotte Gainsbourg seem wise beyond her years and at times she reminds me of her mother , Jane Birkin on her Fictions album . Charlotte 's shyness in singing , which is very attractive in a delicate way , will in no doubt give way to a full range of vocal ecstasy in future albums . ~ The Rebecca Review
 What I 've heard of this album -LRB- the title track and The Songs that we Sing -RRB- is very sweetly reflective .
 This album represents the best of several worlds . Fans of Air will undoubtedly revel in the sonic textures providing the background for Gainsbourg 's breathy vocals . The lyrics by the likes of Neil Hannon and Jarvis Cocker are both intelligent and slighty obtuse , allowing for varied interpretations by the listener . And Francophiles will certainly appreciate the Gainsbough/Birkin update by their talented offspring . Seems like a shoo-in for KCRW to add to their playlists .
 God , it must be hard to be a myth 's daughter ... As irreplacable as Serge Gainsbourg was , this album might get him closer than he 's ever been.This effort by Charlotte Gainsbourg and - most obviously - Air is a really close try to reviving a dearly lost father . If you want to go Oedipusian on this , you might say that she replaces her mother -- Jane Birkin -- in songs that might have been her father 's , only lacking the sexual context ... but still dense , close ... eery!In the mean time the lyrics are tragically literal
 This is a really good c.d. . It has some of the most intelligent lyrics that have ever been put to music . Her voice is mesmerizing as well . I give it five stars because it is one of those c.d.s. you wo n't get rid of . Two of the hottest songs on this c.d are `` The Operation '' and `` The songs that we sing '' .
 I think albums like this , despite being primarily in English , best exemplify what being French is all about . I would rank this higher than anything by Pauline Croze or Benabar primarily for this reason , because despite being a very ` English ' album , it is distinctly French - conjuring images of `` Les Enfants du Paradis '' and `` Les Parapluies de Cherbourg '' all in one swoop.Make no mistake though , Charlotte Gainsbourg can not really be called a singer . She can barely hold a note , and gets through the more strenuous vocal passages by whispering -LRB- in fact , over 90 % of the CD is just her whispering over multilayered tracks , and no , I 'm not overstating the fact -RRB- . This worked for me . It may not at all work for you if you 're expecting a straight-forward world-music release.However , its the melodies and the music here that are stellar . I have n't heard such a lush , well produced and melodious album in years . The piano , that instrument deserving of reverence , is elevated to an artform here , with musical interludes between tracks that take this album into a stratosphere all its own . For example , the opening twinkling strains of `` Everything I Can not See '' with its sparkling piano section that reaches for the higher note interminably . This is true music , art with a purpose , and its ironic that the music probably deserved a better voice to accompany it . But I 'm not complaining , its probably a good thing that Charlotte sounds as distant and ambiguous as she does here , because it really lets the music shine.The title track `` 5:55 '' with its stunning , dark mood , and lead single `` The Songs that we Sing '' , are prime examples of why French musicians have a * certain something * that even the best American and English singers and composers do n't . I ca n't put my finger on it - listen to this to understand what I 'm talking about.This was one of the best releases of 2006 but if you 're interested in a classy French-English production that you can put on repeat , then this is the CD for you . Get it now.Also , check out the vast catalog of Charlotte Gainsbourg 's mother - Jane Birkin . Her album `` Arabesque '' is one of the best French releases of all time .
 Though many people in France probably know that Charlotte is the daughter of Serge Gainsbourg , the infamous and risqu&eacute; seventies song writer and singer , I am not certain how many American 's are privy to this knowledge save for other lovers of obscurities . I did n't even know he had a daughter -LRB- though I have since learned that he recorded Lemon Incest with her when she was a child -RRB- . I did not get turned on to Charlotte until seeing , `` The Science of Sleep '' last year . A film well worth seeing I might add . This woman is fascinating ! The lyrics on this album are incredible ! It may take you time to hear them all through her soft breathy delivery but the album is worth listening to over and over again until you do . She is a quite and sensual discovery .
 `` I feel you all around meYou are everything I can not seeAs the ocean crawls onto the shorelineSo you lap at the edges of me `` Charlotte Gainsbourg 's vocals are whispers of silky perfection . With a delicious French sensuality , she merges breathy lyrics by Jarvis Cocker , Neil Hannon and AIR with music by AIR . It is true to say she could sing anything and sound sexy.At times the music does overtake her velvety vocals and in `` Night-Time Intermission '' she almost seems invisible except for giggles and silken nuance . At times the moods of her voice seem more important than the lyrics . The highlight is `` Tel Que Tu Es '' which is breathtaking.Wistful and creative poetic lyrics make Charlotte Gainsbourg seem wise beyond her years and at times she reminds me of her mother , Jane Birkin on her Fictions album . Charlotte 's shyness in singing , which is very attractive in a delicate way , will in no doubt give way to a full range of vocal ecstasy in future albums . ~ The Rebecca ReviewP.S . If you love electronica you may also want to check outthe debut album by Evening Ocean - The Attraction .
 Teaming up with Air and Jarvis Cocker , Charlotte Gainsbourg creates a fragile work of beauty.Originally only available as an import since September 2006 , 5:55 is now available domestically with bonus tracks.Highlights include Songs That We Sing and 5:55 . The bonus tracks include
 Anybody who 's familiar with Charlotte Gainsbourg 's work as an actress -LRB- `` 21 Grams , '' `` The Science of Sleep '' -RRB- knows that she 's got a boatload of talent . So when I heard that she had an album out I just had to check it out , of course.As I 'm sure is the case with at least some of her other fans , I bought the more pricy import version of this album , which is inferior because 1 -RRB- it costs more , and 2 -RRB- it does n't have the bonus tracks nor the enhanced section . So if you 're thinking about buying this , get the domestic version released today . It 's a no-brainer . I 'm not one for double-dipping but I went ahead and got this version as well , and I 'm glad I did.As for the album 's merits , fans of Portishead/Air/Frou Frou will surely like this . Charlotte has n't created anything groundbreaking here , but I find it to be a very relaxing and dreamy listen . It 's more than just background music though - the melodies are definitely worth paying attention to . Charlotte is certainly not a screamer/belter in terms of her singing style , and on some songs she 's almost whispering . But her voice is a perfect compliment for this style of music . The 2 bonus tracks available on this new domestic version , `` Set Yourself On Fire '' and `` Somewhere Between Waking and Sleeping , '' are just as good as any of the other songs , the latter of which makes me think about her film `` The Science of Sleep '' when I hear it -LRB- mainly for its title -RRB- . And as a bonus there are music videos for the title track `` 5:55 '' -LRB- WAY sexy -RRB- and `` The Songs That We Sing '' as well as an interview with Charlotte in the CD 's enhanced section . Ca n't beat that.Overall , a recommended purchase for fans of the electronic/lounge/trip-hop genre , fans of Charlotte Gainsbourg wanting to experience her in a new way , or both .
 I simply loved this cd , I am a great fan of her mother too.it is pleasent to hear all the musics on the album .
 If this CD were on vinyl , I would have worn all the grooves white.Charlotte has the soft , personal intensity of her mother and acetain charm all her own . Also loved her in `` The Science of Sleep . ''
 They say if you 're not any good at singing , you should surround yourself with the best musicians you can find . Time after time , this little method of canceling out one 's vocal flaws has worked with almost no one noticing . So when I first heard that Charlotte Gainsbourg , a rather accomplished -LRB- or at least , talented -RRB- actress , was making an album with the help of the guys from Air , Neil Hannon of The Divine Comedy , and the one and only Jarvis Cocker , my first thought was that I was in for another lesson in `` How Not to Sing . '' But I was terribly mistaken . As it turns out , Charlotte Gainsbourg is extremely talented . And would n't you know it ? `` 5:55 '' is beautiful!While not possessing the most powerful voice ever captured on an album , Gainsbourg does a brilliant job of blending her vocals in with Dunckel and Godin 's Air-ish compositions . She accomplishes this by half-whispering most of her lyrics , but it sounds absolutely perfect . On the title track , `` 5:55 , '' she sings , `` Soon the morning will arrive . Can I begin another day whilst this old day is still alive , refusing to be put away , '' so beautifully that it feels like she 's singing only for you . This brilliant lyric is penned by Cocker , as he and Hannon share most the songwriting duties on the album . `` The Operation '' is perhaps the standout track on the album . It utilizes a steady electronic drum beat to accompany a great piano composition and bass line . The highlight of the song comes about half way through when the music drops out to leave Charlotte whispering , `` Our love goes under the knife . Nothing is taboo here on the cutting edge of science ... '' It is yet another fantastic song . ` The Songs that We Sing '' is the first time the album crosses into near-pop territory -LRB- later revisited in `` Everything I Can not See '' -RRB- . The music itself feels like it could 've been ripped right off of one of Neil Hannon 's albums . The song begins with an upbeat piano line and a xylophone syncopating along with it . Here , Gainsbourg asks the question , `` And the songs that we sing , do they mean anything to the people we 're singing them to ? '' over well-composed chord progression . `` Beauty Mark '' is a lesson in minimalism . The percussion on the song is largely forgotten in favor of creating the kind of lush soundscapes that have defined Air 's sound for so many years . In what is extremely reminiscent of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's classic short story , `` The Birthmark , '' Gainsbourg sings , `` This little death , this mark of sin , forever painted on my skin '' over swells of strings.The album is filled with examples of how my initial hypothesis was wrong . In fact , every song on this album is so gorgeous that it 's hard to believe that Gainsbourg has n't set aside her acting career in favor of this pursuit . Indeed , she is an unbelievably talented individual , and `` 5:55 '' is evidence of that . Of course , one could make the argument that without the talents of her constituents the album would not be near as good . My response is , who cares ? `` 5:55 '' is amazing from the time you press play to when the final second ticks off . That 's quite an achievement , and one that should not go unnoticed.Recommended for fans of Air , Zero 7 , and anyone who wants to define `` beauty '' more accurately.Key Tracks :1 . `` 5:55 `` 2 . `` AF607105 `` 3 . `` The Operation `` 4 . `` The Songs that We Sing `` 5 . `` Little Monsters `` 9 out of 10 Stars
 Teaming up with Air and Jarvis Cocker , Charlotte Gainsbourg creates a fragile work of beauty.Highlights include Songs That We Sing and 5:55 . My absolute favorite track is `` The Operation . '' The lyrics are some of the best I 've heard in a while.Instead of expecting her to match her father 's musical legacy , it 's best to accept 5:55 on its own merits . It really is a beautiful CD.Very much worth getting.Highly recommended.-EveningOcean CD `` The Attraction '' Evening Ocean comTHE ATTRACTION
 As a companion to Charlotte Gainsbourg 's 2010 release , Irm , I love this album . 5:55 came a few years before IRM , but the two play very nicely even in shuffle .5:55 is a little less polished than IRM . Charlotte has really found her inner voice in IRM , and is still kind of searching in this album . The arrangements are bit more spartan here ; this is a little less produced album . There is a lot more piano and synthesizer here . The songs on 5:55 are more about finding love ; IRM is about her near death experience.Charlotte Gainsbourg , daughter of Jane Birkin and Serge Gainsbourg and actress , has a whispy , incredibly sexy voice . Sometimes it seems as if she is whispering in your ear ; this can be a very good intimate thing . Her lyrics are not as cutting as her father 's but her voice has a much purer tone than her mother . She has inherited the best of her parents.This is a nearly perfect party album . The dynamic range is narrow , so volume does n't raise and lower in annoying way . The arrangements are quirky , not run of the mill ordinary songs . The album works listening carefully and as background music at a party.I personally like 5:55 , the mix of English and French is beautiful . Tel que tu es , is one of the more beautiful songs on the album . It is also one of two songs that are mostly in French . Oddly , no single track is five minutes and fifty five seconds long . The 13 track disc is fairly long , over 50 minutes.This is an enjoyable , simple album .
 Before listening to her third album , IRM , I was first introduced to Charlotte Gainsbourg 's singing talents with this album , co-written with the french group AIR . And I have to say that in 5:55 , Charlotte proves to us that she is a very talented singer . Instead of over expressing her voice with huge intonations and screeches like certain singers , each of her songs are sung softly . Which makes her introspective music much more impressive . And not only that , it enables us to visually interpret her songs as gorgeous landscapes . I write landscapes for I feel that each time I listen to her songs , I imagine gorgeous landscapes like those in the far west , and also gourgeous skies and cities , like in her songs AF607105 , Night-Time intermission and her title song 5:55 . Among my favourite tracks , I have a lot of fun listening to The operation , Any Songs that we sing , and Morning Song.A great cd to spend your time relaxing or even to listen to while reading or playing video games .
 This is a lovely collection of her music . The only downside to this CD is that there is an embedded video - which was n't mentioned in the product description - consequently , I can only play it on my portable CD player . Bummer .
 I have really enjoyed this album . Charlotte 's voice is sultry , and captivating . I wish I knew French to understand what is being said , nonetheless I am really enjoying it , so much so I have even purchased her earlier album Lemon Incest .
 Teaming up with the people who brought you The Divine Comedy , Pulp and Air , Charlotte Gainsbourg delivers a shimmery collection of songs , whispered confessions and savage observations . The chimy instrumentation surrounds and enhances Gainsbourg 's breathy vocals , which are sung/spoken in her delightfully `` Frenglish '' accent . Title track `` 5:55 '' captures that sleepless time when it 's `` too late to end it now , too early to start again . '' Bouncy single `` The Songs That We Sing '' sounds cheerful , but it still makes little girls `` scream and run away . '' The `` Little Monsters '' who `` rule the world '' are scary enough -LRB- they get even bigger and scarier on Jarvis 's own `` Fat Children '' -RRB- . The theme of staying up all night returns in several places , most notably when love goes under the knife in `` The Operation . '' It 's a delicate procedure , but Gainsbourg 's `` prepared to work throughout the night . '' This is easy listening with a sharp edge .
 Charlotte Gainsbourg 5:55 borrows more from `` Air '' than from her father Serge , and is a complete departure from her previous works . I had hoped that she would 've stuck to French , but being the daughter of British singer/actress Jane Birkin -LRB- after whom the famous French luxury goods maker Herm&egrave;s named one of its lines -RRB- , her English is impeccable and sounds quite sexy . This is a good , solid performance , albeit not one that will keep you awake .
 A couple of weeks ago I came across the US debut album 5:55 by Charlotte Gainsbourg at my local library . I read that she had worked with the guys in Air and Jarvis Cocker so I thought I would check the cd out . I have to admit that the album is a bit too mellow for my liking . It is definitely not something I want to listen to at the office but it is perfect to listen to at home . The dreamy ambient pop and Charlotte 's whispery vocals . In lieu of the recent success of Feist and Yael Naim , I am surprised that Charlotte has n't received a bit more attention since her vocals are awfully similiar to Feist and Yael 's . All three women almost are just talking through out their music . However I am bored with Feist and Yael . What I like about 5:55 is Air 's contributions . You can definitely hear the Air influences in the music with the deliciate melodies . It would have been nice if Charlotte would have ditched the dreamy pop sound for a bit and rocked out more , or if the beats took a more upbeat dance sound . The album does tend to be a bit too mellow but overall I do like what I heard .
 Gainsbourg 's untutored voice and weary , gallicized Brit-English remind me of nothing so much as Nico on her oddball classics of the early 70s , as does the combination of dark emotion over deceptively lush arrangements . The black humour , though , is a reminder that she 's her father 's daughter , even if she did n't write the lyrics herself -LRB- who could possibly care ? -RRB- . Certainly the only album on which I 've ever heard the wonderfully horrible `` abbatoir '' .
 Recently I have begun buying titles in Sony 's British Import series `` Sir Thomas Beecham
 1 . SPACE BOY2 . NO ONE SLEEP IN TOKYO / EDO BOYS3 . BE MY BABE / JILLY4 . REMEMBER ME / LESLIE PARRISH5 . SPARK IN THE DARK / MAN POWER6 . DONT STOP THE MUSIC / LOU GRANT7 . DANCE AROUND THE WORLD / DELTA QUEENS8 . GET ME POWER / MEGA NRG MAN9 . RUNNING IN THE 90S / MAX COVERI10 . HEARTBEAT / NATHALIE11 . BREAK THE NIGHT / TOMMY K12 . BACK ON THE ROCKS / MEGA NRG MAN13 . SAVE ME / LESLIE PARRISH14 . MY ONLY STAR / SUSAN BELL15 . AROUND THE WORLD / MOVE
 Brilliant music made by old friends from the era when swing was still forming but at the same time the foundations of modern jazz were layed in Fletcher Henderson 's orchestra -LRB- `` Queer Notions '' and some other songs -RRB- . This is a really hot and swinging Henry `` Red '' Alllen 's slightly dixielandish date , featuring Coleman Hawkins -LRB- tenor sax -RRB- J. C. Higginbotham -LRB- trombone -RRB- , Buster Bailey -LRB- clarinet -RRB- , Cozy Cole -LRB- dm -RRB- , as well as some younger but still hot players.However , the leader is particularly expressive in the ballad `` I Cover the Waterfront '' - no wonder I found it cited as one of the classical Allen 's performances . Late fifties were good not only for modern explorations
 United Is a wondeful Cd capturing several styles of synthpop . Some are a little bit dancier than others . Ganymede 's tune `` after the fall '' The synths lift you up and as the drum beats make you want to dance . There are a few tracks on here that are slow and might have to `` grow '' on you . but still very patriotic if you want to show your support of this great country/world of ours . These wonderful artist 's have come together for a great cause . On to another Track I really enjoyed was Wave in head `` criminal ballad '' . The vocals are reminescent of erasure early depeche mode . I love this guy . . the synths are awesome and lryics are great too . . Empire state humans `` stare '' is really outstanding track as well . . Makes you sway with beat and hum along to the melody . There is also track 's from Blind before dawn Feat . Elequent , Monolith , synthpop wonder child cosmicity . Selected area , occupant , and A few other great bands.All in all this is a great cd by synthpop artists who are showing their support for the tragedy of 911 . . Keep spreading the word about synthpop . .
 The rejects from UK Popstars are back with another funky single . The 4th release off their brilliant album `` Thinking It Over '' , `` Got To Have Your Love '' is a cover of the Matronix classic of a few years back . `` Got To Have Your Love '' as a song is excellent . I did n't like it when I first heard it on the album . But when Liberty X released it , I grew to like it when I heard the radio edit.This single is great value for money . It has the radio edit of `` Got To Have Your Love '' , which is different from the album version . In my opinion , the radio edit is better . It 's fresher and more funky . Next we have two extra tracks `` Good Love '' and `` Get With You '' . Both are excellent ! They have the boys singing on main vocals , and both have catchy choruses and verses . Lastly , is two remixes which are standard for CD singles . I do n't really go for remixes that much.Overall , this is a good single which is worth the money , just for the two non-album tracks and the radio edit of `` Got To Have Your Love '' . Watch out for `` Holding On For You '' , their next single , but in the meantine enjoy this groovy little gem from the 5 people -LRB- Michelle , Jessica , Kelli , Kevin & Tony -RRB- who call themselves Liberty X !
 There are those who are recommending the more concise _ Essential Coryell _ - but its all contained here . I hear a lot of `` unnecessary '' and `` dated '' being used to describe this stuff . People - jazz fusion itself is a dated genre . Let 's not throw out the Mahavishnu with the bathwater just because you do n't like the synth tones , ` kay ? Disc 1 displays the more eclectic and contemplative side of Coryell , with some straight-ahead jazz , blues , and classical influences . `` Lady Coryell '' in particular is an interesting composition , with Coryell 's subdued tones contrasting with angular , somewhat dissonant riffing . `` Rene 's Theme '' from the superb _ Spaces _ also appears here , with Coryell trading furious acoustic riffs with John McLaughlin.Disc 2 seems to be more oriented towards the shred audience - the playing is far more aggressive , almost Hendrix-ian at times . The furious three-way battles between trumpet , keyboard and Coryell 's slashing guitar on `` Yin '' is a definite highlight of this set , and most reminiscent of latter-day Mahavishnu Orchestra -LRB- around _ Visions of The Emerald Beyond _ -RRB- or Return To Forever . `` The Jam With Albert '' and `` Entardecendo En Saudade '' from _ Live At The Village Gate _ are also excellent Hendrix-meets-jazz numbers and display a side of Coryell fans of side 1 may not be prepared for.All in all a good disc ; although his impact on jazz as a whole may be questionable , Coryell 's contributions to the fusion genre are undebatable and this is an excellent , comprehensive taste of what he had to offer . Highly recommended to any fans of 70s fusion .
 If you were to ask guitar fans who Larry Coryell was , you might get a puzzled look . But the truth is , Coryell was one of the best rock guitarists ever . With the exception of a couple players , he was virtually untouchable . Playing with an unique choppy and sloppy syle , Coryell was the first to blend rock sensibilities with complex jass voicings to create what is now referred to as `` fusion '' . With this retrospective album , you will be able to look into the beginnings of fusion as Coryell goes from his early roots in rock to the style of jazz that he would devote himself to for the next thirty years . Hers 's your chance to listen to some of the best licks in the business for one of the best guitarist in the business.This album is a must for guitar lovers .
 This is a great anthology of larry coryell 's early groundbreaking Jazz fusion recordings . Vanguard has been criminal over the years in the contrary way they have reissued larry coryell 's early solo recordings and recordings with Eleventh house on cd , but this anthology more than makes up for this . This anthology combines the best of his early work from coryell and lady coryell albums all the way up to his work with eleventh house on the way it showcases his work with musicians like Bernard purdie , Chuck rainey Chick corea , John mclaughlin and of course Eleventh House -LRB- Mike mandel Micheal Lawrence randy brecker danny trifan and Alphonse mouzon . The tracks have all been remastered for release and include liner notes by Sam Graham & Josef Woodward .
 As I write , on May 10 , 2010 , This 2CD set is going for $ 2.96 , NEW ! With the postage , that 's still only $ 5.94 , less than $ 3 for each disc . Whether a Coryell novice , or a fan with all his works , this overview of his Vanguard Records years is packed with 20bit Remastered heaven for anyone remotely interested in jazz guitar . Also well annotated , the remastering is done right , very little compression , if at all , and as noted in the liners , `` the bass that was rolled off the original vinyl release -LRB- s -RRB- has been restored '' . The only other option to hear this material as sonically upgraded is to track down the remasters of the original albums done by Universe/Comet/Akarma Records from Italy that were available in beautiful `` mini-lp '' jackets around the turn of this century , that is if you can afford the out-of-print pricing , some going for over $ 200 new ! Hurry up before this one disappears , as well ...
 Gelfand and his acolytes make solid and original jazz out of music usually associated with children . These arrangements are simply delightful , my favorite being `` Passe-Partout '' a theme I knew by heart as a 4-year-old in ' 78 . Gelfand not only arranges the themes well , his interpretations and solos on the piano shows that they could have a great new life as jazz !
 This CD should have made Bob Malach a star , because for my money , he plays more - or at least as much - jazz tenor as anyone today , and this recording lets him stretch out and show what he can do . And make no mistake , he can do a lot . He speaks the language of modern jazz with precision and passion . If you love the tenor sax tradition as set down by John Coltrane , Dexter Gordon , Jimmy Heath , Joe Henderson , Bob Mintzer , Michael Brecker and Bob Berg , you owe it to yourself to listen to this CD . In this day and age , an import CD with limited distribution ca n't make even the finest musician a star . But this CD should at least make Bob an underground legend .
 Buy it foo ! You 've heard enough
 I had purchased Cirrus ' second album first -LRB- Back on a Mission -RRB- and it really appealed to a broad electronic audience , but Drop the Break is probably more for pure `` electronic heads . '' This album is mostly big beat songs with electronic remixes and some interesting live elements . However , amidst all the big beat and electronic songs , ` October 27 ' stands out as a truly beautiful slow-er song . It almost reminds me of some of BT 's work . I hope I never get tired of hearing that track.The big picture
 I 'm more of a fan of trance and house music , but Cirrus realy turnd me on to jungle , or at least their brand of jungle . Track 2 is favorite , it was the first of their work I heard , and hooked me into exploring the rest of the album , and eventually buying it for myself , as well as their album `` On a Mission '' . In short , this album is a classic .
 These guys are too great !!! I love it . Buy it . You wo n't regret it believe me . Everything from dance music to music to just `` chill '' by . Go buy it !!!!
 This is really good stuff . Strong uplifting beats with some serious funk thrown in , sketches of twisting melodies , beautiful airy vocal overtones . It 's a lasting favorite that still hits all my get-up-and-groove reflexes .
 Dig Superstar Dj Keoki ? Dig D'still 'D ? You will TOTALLY dig Cirrus , and their phat beats !
 I did n't know that Cirrus were from California , I thought they were from UK , but I made a mistake and they are a great electronic music band!The CD is great ! I love their music !
 I heard back on a mission first , but this album is really good ! Especially Superstar . If you like Electronica , then you should have this in your collection .
 Like most things in my life I experienced GLAD in reverse of release dates . I thought it impossible to improve upon Project III and then I experienced Project II . Their variations on Christ the Lord is Risen Today sends cold chills up and down my spine and All Glory Laud and Honor Him makes my heart swell for the praise and worship GLAD offers to millions of Christians worldwide . I 'm so very glad I 've added GLAD to my music repetoire . `` I say Rejoice , I say again Rejoice '' And , as is my pattern , I will now search , find and experience Project I. Happy Acapella Harmonizing !
 I have been listening to Glad for over ten years , and I love their stuff . They have carved out a rather unique niche in the Christian music market , establishing a following from folks who would not naturally be drawn to a capella music . For that , they are to be commended.There are several outstanding tracks on this disc , including `` Christ the Lord is Risen Today , '' `` You Put This Love in My Heart , '' and `` All Glory , Laud and Honor . '' As one would expect from Glad , none of these sound anything like what you know , but their arrangements of these three are fantastic and well executed.I refrain from giving this album five stars because several of the songs are just overarranged . This is the plague of Glad , whereby they seem to try so hard to be unique that they ultimately arrange the melody right out of a song . One can not critique their ability to sing amazingly complex chord structures , but there are times that the chords are so complex that it destroys a song . For instance , `` My Jesus , I Love Thee '' just sounds dreadful to this listener.Knowing this fact about Glad , I will continue to buy their music for the home runs , knowing that there will usually be one or two strikeouts on each album when the arranger just tried to get too fancy and wrecked a song . In any case , Glad can never be accused of being generic or uncreative . I 'm glad that they have had such a successful career of bringing their new sound to the world of Christian music .
 Litton is in sympathy with the progressive nature of Ives 's First Symphony and makes the work sound both more polished and less conservative than in past recordings by Gould , Ormandy , and Tilson Thomas . -LRB- I have n't yet heard the recent Sinclair recording on Naxos . -RRB- This extroverted and confident performance of a student piece modeled on Brahms and his contemporaries makes the most of Ives 's unusual modulations and melodic surprises . Litton actually makes this symphony sound like a better piece than it does in the earlier recordings . The new critical edition was used in this performance . One of the most obvious changes listeners familiar with the older edition will hear is the rowdy percussion in the finale 's coda.Litton responds just as naturally to the more rarified philosophy and technical challenges of the Fourth Symphony . This is an excellent performance that stands with the best . However , this is a work that should be heard from different perspectives . Some listeners may feel more sympathy with the hotly transcendent Tilson Thomas performance , and the old Stokowski is still a must-hear . But Litton , too , is a must-hear that finds the mystery of this complex work.Hyperion 's SACD surround-sound is far and away the best recording these two works have received to date . The sound stage is well-defined and has realistic space around it . The sound has bloom and warmth , yet the incredibly dense layers of the 4th Symphony 's second movement are still clearly defined . The audiences from these live performances were extremely quiet and well-behaved and do not intrude at all .
 One of the best solo slack key CDs that I have heard . Fuller employs the nylon string guitar and some unusual slack key tunings with great effect . This is music from the heart and a breath of fresh air for the Hawaiian slack key tradition . Every cut is great ; I 'm looking forward to his next release !
 Just heard Mr. Fuller live tonight -LRB- 7/31/04 -RRB- in Santa Cruz , California playing his solo , instrumental , original `` slack key plus '' music , and if you want peaceful relaxing music , this CD is for you !
 With Cold Water you wo n't get the Hawaiian vibe of a pidgin vocal , but you can certainly enjoy excellent slack key phrasing and very capable compositional power . A treat for fans of finger style guitar .
 I 've heard at least 7 `` Live '' Wakeman albums so far -LRB- not counting those he did with YES and other bands -RRB- and this may be one of the most powerful-sounding . Quality is excellent -LRB- helped along by a bit of studio tweaking -- hence the `` Almost '' in the title -RRB- and Ashley Holt , Rick 's main vocalist from the 70 's , is here in fine form . Beside the expected bits from HENRY VIII and KING ARTHUR , there 's also a pair of songs from the lesser-heard NO EARTHLY CONNECTION and 2 from TIME MACHINE -LRB- one of my top faves of Rick 's , and pretty recent when this tour was recorded -RRB- . An original tune not found elsewhere , `` A Crying Heart '' , serves as an interesting `` bridge '' between the popular `` Catherine Of Aragon '' and `` Catherine Howard '' and the only live version I 've heard on disc of `` Jane Seymour '' . One wonders , HOW many times can someone play the same song live -- but somehow , Wakeman keeps things listenable , however often the same tunes crop up .
 This is not a Jazz album . This is not an album to have as background music . This is not a hip-hop venture to capture the ears of a younger audience . This is the world class drumming of Trilok Gurtu , beyond duplication . This the incredible fluid and furious bass lines of Charnet Moffett . This the unique production quality of Bill Laswell , one of his better more focused efforts , without question . This is the freaky deaky sounds from the Mothership Connection as provided by Bernie Warell , -LRB- yet another original . -RRB- This album is full of the whose who of unique progressive musicians to date . The effort is focused on creating new unique spiritual music with plenty of cosmic extacy . Pharoah is saying more with his playing at this point in his career than he ever had before . Critics will always hold on to their personal past associations as a measuring stick for new invention that has little to do with the past . This CD is like nothing you have ever heard before . So get over it!I am now my second copy of this CD . I ca n't get enough of it .
 This album justifies hopes . Thank you Mr.Sanders for amazing album and for the song `` Save Our Children '' . I heard Pharoah 's playing on Sun Ra 's and John Coltrane 's albums and was impressed . `` Save Our Children '' was my first listening experience of that well-known saxophonist . He is a one of the last magician of sax who continues witch crafting on behalf of jazz music . On this album Pharoah 's playing is exactly wonderful , he plays deep , soulful sax lines `` Kazuko '' is my favorite relaxing and meditation composition and track `` Ancient Sounds '' show 's his most strongest and mind-blowing solo on sax , I felt how creeps began running under the skin . Band 's playing is perfect , especially I was impressed by playing tabla and percussions wizard 's Trilok Gurtu and Zakir Hussain , with bass lines . `` Save our Children '' one of the model exponent of fusion .
 Though the vocal title track and the very `` smooth-jazz like '' Midnight are not Pharoah 's best work , some of the reviewers below show that they are nor in tune to pharoah 's esthetic . To call this CD a sell-out is ridiculous . Pharoah 's work has ALWAYS been a search for peace in a troubled world.When I put this CD in , I start at track three and what a wonderful CD this becomes . Jewels of Love is an excellent though rather smooth tune and the reworking of the earlier Kazuko is beautiful . Then with `` The Ancient Sounds '' things get really great . Alex Blake is probably the best unknown bassist -LRB- or musician -RRB- working today . He propels this track the way he does on Randy Weston 's recent work . Over this bass and layered percussion , Pharoah once again shows that his high register playing is not a gimmick , he is actually controlling the notes in a range wher others cant even reach -LRB- this guy is 60 years old-a poster boy for clean living -RRB- . The CD finishes with the sublime percussion of the Far Off Sands.Though this CD has a couple of real weaknesses , I find that its one of my most played .
 It 's a shame so many people want to restrict the artists they admire to doing the same thing over and over again . There 's been a lot of criticism of Pharoah 's latest CD from Verve , which seems to me to misunderstand it . It is deeply religious music , with joy , happiness , sadness and even pain as four strands of one and the same gentle and profound vision . Listen to it without expecting ` what Pharoah always used to do ' , and it will speak to you as deeply as anything he 's ever done .
 It took a while to get into this cd . Though I often admire Bill Laswell , sessions that he produces are often terribly uneven -LRB- except Sharrock 's Ask the Ages where he basically lets the music do the talking -RRB- . The title track starts with an `` ambient '' percussion section that makes you want to say `` laswell is a genius . '' This is followed by an `` afro-pop '' song/rap that makes you want to say `` why does Laswell have to mess with everything . '' The problem today is , everybody thinks you have to fill up a whole CD with music . Try programing this disc without the `` smooth jazz '' Midnight in berkely and the title track and I believe you will find this could have been Pharoah 's best album and it still clocks in at about 50 minutes .
 Not much to say other than that `` Save our Children '' ranks among the best Jazz fusion I have heard in a long time.The combination between the singing , Piano , drums , Tablas , synthesizers and the saxophone of Pharoah Sanders is simply amazing and beautiful to hear . Mr. Sanders shows a beautiful taste in finding new music . Very obviously this man is very hard to musically please.If you are into some John Mc Laughlin , Santana of the early 70 's and Alice Coltrane , this album is highly recommended.When I thought I will never come across new great Jazz fusion , Pharoah Sanders proved he is one of the best . Save our Children . Bravo Mr. Sanders .
 In the mid-1990s , Pharoah Sanders began a movement into a new direction on his studio records , exploring world influences and elements of his past -LRB- his time on Impulse ! -RRB- that he 'd neglected for a long while -- it was almost as though Sanders was trying to come to grips with his legacy . With producer Bill Laswell , Sanders had available to him a host of musicians normally outside his sphere who could provide these sorts of rhythms and ideals with a sense of authenticity.And so , `` Save Our Children '' , an album soaked in Indian , Middle-Eastern and Northern African rhythms appeared , the second -LRB- and sadly , last , courtesy of a catalog slash -RRB- album by Pharoah Sanders on Verve . With a host of musicians including longtime Sanders pianist William Henderson , Parliament keyboardist -LRB- and Laswell regular -RRB- Bernie Worrell , bassist Alex Blake , tabla master Zakir Hussein and drummer Trlok Gurtu , Sanders constructed a unique and varied album , wrappd and world percussion , where the presence of Laswell as overseer and Hussein is felt , but understated . This is clearly a Pharoah Sanders album.The record covers a number of moods , and probably the opener and title track best displays this -- mixing chanted vocals , an African rap , and a positively triumphant vocal harmony-laden chorus over a funky backbeat soaked in percussion with Sanders positively transcendent on soprano sax , the piece is at the same time both light and yet filled with depth -LRB- it 's also nearly universally hated by everyone else I 've ever talked to -RRB- . Other standouts include `` Midnight in Berkeley Square '' -- a retake on `` A Nightengale Sang in Berkeley Square '' , with Sanders really getting inside the ballad over a haze , a superb tabla performance and Henderson 's framing chords , and `` The Ancient Sounds '' , which finds Sanders over drone then beats , first on an anonymous double reeded instrument then wailing away as freely as he ever has on tenor.The one even nicer thing about this record is that there 's nothing bad or dull -- some of the pieces do n't really standout too far -LRB- `` Far-Off Sand '' -RRB- , but they 're all quite listenable . It 's not quite a masterpiece , but it 's a fine album , well worth investigation for folks who can put Sanders ' past behind him and see him as a forward looking musician .
 There are a lot of typical jazz snobs that will hate this CD . Forget that it 's Jazz or any kind of catagory . Forget that it 's Pharoah and that he should only make music that is very outside and demanding . This record has soul , It has Balls . It is a very unique and coherent peice . It 's beautiful , nothing wrong with that . Trilok on the drums , Bernie on the boards , what more do you want ? I play it almost every day . He just gets better with age . Taste great , less to prove more to express .
 That 's right
 Those who come to this CD expecting -- or fearing -- cataclysmic soloing from Pharaoh are in for a surprise . Much of the work here is contemplative , particularly the soprano work , of which there is much . `` Midnight in the Berkley Square '' will shock listeners familiar with his work with Coltrane or later work with Sonny Sharrock.But do n't worry , because it 's mostly immensely satisfying . I think Sanders ' work on soprano is vastly underrated , and his willingness to explore a gentler side of sound is a good thing , not an abandonment of principles.The best cut , for my money , is the lovely , melancholic `` Jewels of Love , '' a tune that I find myself playing again and again . He obviously learned from Coltrane the power that the soprano has , but he made the sound on the instrument completely his own , and that unique sound is in wonderful form on `` Jewels . `` I also happen to love his use of percussion and Eastern-influenced rhythms , again much in evidence on the CD.If the CD lacks some of the fire that we have come to expect from this great musician , he makes up for it with an unexpected sweetness that manages to stop short of sentimentality.Recommended for listeners who are not yet familiar with his work and for long-time fans who are interested in everything that Pharaoh has to say .
 This is a great CD . Buy It . -LRB- You know you want to -RRB- Every track is hip and contain a variety of styles and elements from great vocals to some of the more `` out side '' stuff . This CD can be enjoyed by people who are not hard core jazz fans .
 ... Listen without any preconceived notions of what YOU want from PS . A very spiritual , unique recording .
 Brings meaning to his thrivefull strugle to merge music with spirituality , zakir 's tabla and pharoah 's horn conversing . . beautifully . . it might not be another `` a love supreme '' by coltrane , but we dont always need technicality do we ? , nice production is the main thing , if it sounds nice then it scores !
 ... making sure this trancendent music would be heard by as few people as possible . Much to my chagrin , I heeded them and let this ravishing recording languish in the backwaters of my aural soundstream.What about this disc made the jazz police go ballistic ? I think it 's its sentimental , heart-on-its-sleave vibe so prominently present on the title cut , with its arm-chair Liberal , arm 's - length expression of perfectly legitimate sentiments
 My listening is schizophrenic . One side of me takes in overall musicological detail regarding Baroque compositions , skill and quality of performance , and the insight performers bring to their published recording . This side of me rates Parnassi Musici 's recording five stars.The boom in Baroque music has created many younger groups with fascinating European groups with mixed nationalities - and often American performers . Among this record 's performers Matthias Fischer , violin ; Stephan Schrader , violoncello ; and Martin Lutz , harpsichord and organ , are German . Sergio Azzolini was born and got his early training in Bolzano a northern Italian city with strong influences from its former history as a part of Austria . His training to become one of the world 's master baroque bassonists included studies in Hannover , and a professorship in Stuttgart , Germany . He 's now associated with the Basel Music Academy in Switzerland . All the instrumentalists perform with effortless technique , and ensemble nuance.Teaming up with her `` European Union '' colleagues , is Margaret MacDuffie , violin . Among her training influences was study in Warsaw , Poland under a Fulbright scholarship , and baroque violin studies with Daniel Stepner -LRB- now at Brandeis and Harvard Universities -RRB- . She is now a member of the Southwest German Radio Orchestra of Freiburg , Germany.One unusual feature of this recording is its knowledgeable and insightful liner notes on Georg Philipp Telemann and his music - devoid of usual cliches about Telemann 's huge productivity , etc. . This is also associated with the group 's intensive library research and performance of rare works.Examples include
 Beautifully played and very realistically recorded , engaging music from the master of melodic invention . The Opening movement from the Quartet is one of the most seductive Baroque sound-pictures I 've ever heard , with beautiful counterpoint between organ and violins . A winner .
 I recommend a Fifth of Funk , Parlamack , and Alien LoveStock for Great sound and originallity . P. Funk and the George Alliangence is ` live . ' If you do n't believe me just be entertained by a live show and get the DVD George Clinton at the HOUSE OF BLUES in Atlanta , if you can get your hands on it . TheFunkstore.com __ by the way ` Little Monsters ' by RONKAT is a collectable item of Bass P. Funk . This is a `` SUN STAR ALI ALLAH '' review . The selection `` NICE '' BY GEORGE AND OUR GANG FUNKY is a club floor Masterpiece .
 Forgive me , Johann Christian , for ever thinking of you as a half-baked Mozart -- especially denigrating from a music lover who much prefers Haydn to Mozart ! As penance -LRB- if you can call sheer pleasure penance -RRB- , I have been getting to know as much of your work as I can . Listening to this three-CD set from Anthony Halstead and the Hanover Band has been an especial ear-opener . While I ca n't say that these overtures have the true stamp of theater about them , as Mozart 's greatest overtures clearly do , Bach 's music is always diverting and often much more than that . There are many beauties and occasionally high drama as well in these little works . And in the Ballet Music from Amadis des Gaule , there is music of such delicate color and panache that I think immediately of Rameau.Some of these overtures will be familiar to you if you know Bach 's symphonies , since they are just a reworking of the same . But most of this music will be new to you and will bring surprise and pleasure , I 'm sure . Much of the credit is due Halstead and his band . By this point in their traversal of what seems all of Bach 's orchestral music , they are expert at capturing the essence of this composer , whose musical ideas and orchestration are bolder and more scintillating than anybody could have imagined before the birth of the original-instruments movement . If anyone thinks of J. C. Bach as a merely genteel proto-Mozart , as I mistakenly once did , listen to these CDs and be chastened -- and royally entertained in the bargain .
 Zdenek Tylsar is by far my favorite Czech horn performer and ranks very high amongst more famous players in my collection -LRB- such as Dennis Brain , Barry Tuckwell , and Hermann Baumann -RRB- . He has recorded just about all the horn works available.His tone is very smooth and unique . These recordings are not simply recreations of the Dennis Brain recordings , especially the Mozart concerto . Those recordings are by far the most famous , yet I always love it when a musician challenges those standards -LRB- especially when he does it well -RRB- . As with all the Zdenek Tyslar recordings , I highly recommend him if you are a French horn fan or just like the sound of classical music .
 Smash Mouth has done it again . They keep sending out the hits that totally rock . This Re-done song `` I 'm A Believer '' is the next best song to `` All-Star '' , which by the way is on this single , with a remix . This is a must buy for any Smash Mouth fan . Keep up the great work Smash Mouth !
 i 'm a believer is a great cd.I like the all star underwater remix version.s.m . is a great band why dont you check out some of my other smash mouth reviews .
 Most highly recommended . This is one of the best re-mastering jobs I have heard -- fantastic . Plus the packaging is top-class work . 2 Cd set includes 2 original King Tubby dub releases -- two of his earliest efforts . The re-issue label has very wisely given each original LP a Cd of its own . And both these albums deserve the treatment , they are fantastic examples of dub as a form of sound sculputre as pioneered by King Tubby . The man was a true artist ! Nifty fold-out glossy cardboard CD package reproduces the front cover of each LP . At the economy price this is available for , consider it a gift . Listen with headphones if you really want to blow your mind . Should be required listening for all DJ 's and those interested in the art of mixing sound . Essential , essential , ESSENTIAL !!
 I own all the Stereolab albums and am a big fan . I even find things to like in their weakest albums . But I was in no way prepared for `` Sound Dust '' . This is one of the best albums I have ever heard by ANYBODY . What has gotten into these guys & gals ? If you like Stereolab at all , you MUST listen to `` Sound Dust '' . You 'll flip.Also , I just bought Stereolab 's `` ABC Music '' , the collection of BBC Radio recordings from '91 - ' 01 . It is so much fun !
 This is the album that should have followed 'Em peror Tomato Ketchup ' . It fits quite nicely inbetween that and ` Dots and Loops ' . This is just . . simply fantastic music . They just get better and better and better . I thought ` Cobra and Phases ' and ` Microbe Hunters ' were a little dense . . a little too much brown acid from the back row . This is a return to the seriously beautiful pop that I thought they were forging ahead with after the 1-2 punch of 'Em peror ' and ` Dots ' . One influence that I spot in the forefront -LRB- and what better band to play ` spot the influences ' with than Stereolab ?? -RRB- is that of Danny Elfman . His angelic choir type stuff from ` Edward Scissorhands ' and the like . I 'd bet my last dime that the soundtrack to ` Edward ' is in Tim Gane 's overnight bag along with all the Sun-Ra , Beach Boys and Neu ! . It 's all a beautiful whisper of loveliness and hallucinogenic splendor . And it should provide a stellar soundtrack for fall . . leaves changing and falling . . cool nights . One of their absolute best . Plus . . one of their most blatantly emotional tracks ever on ` The Black Arts ' . If you were put off by their last two . . jump back on the Wonka machine . There 's room for everybody this time around .
 When this album was first released , there were many people who bemoaned it as a sell-out . It was said that the band had written radio-friendly songs in an effort to break out of their `` Dots and Loops '' & `` Cobra & Phases '' malaise . I remember someone saying that this is a nice album to listen to , and Stereolab had made some songs that were easy to listen to ... but at what cost ? Those people must have been crazy.This album is not so much a `` come back '' , as it is a continuance of excellence . It may sound more akin to `` Mars '' and `` ETK '' , than `` Dots and Loops '' & `` Cobra & Phases '' did , but listened to side-by-side with the earlier albums , one can easily hear a type of maturity that did not exist in 1994-96 . Furthermore , contrary to what has been said by many , there are many similarities in form and sound between `` Sound-dust '' , `` Dots '' and `` Cobra '' . Listen to any 3 songs from each album ... stylistically , they could really all go on one album quite seamlessly -LRB- perhaps with the exception of `` Rainbo Conversation '' , `` Puncture in the Radex Permutation '' , `` Blue Milk '' and `` Naught More Terrific Than Man '' -RRB- . `` Sound-Dust '' itself is a masterpiece . Although , it 's true , I said the same thing in my first week of listening to `` Dots '' and `` Cobra '' . I 've had this new album now for 5 months and there is little more I can say about it other than that it is an almost perfect Stereolab album . Although , as alluded to above , `` Naught More Terrific Than Man '' has n't really caught my fancy . It certainly is different than the earlier albums , but so was every other album . Trying to find favourable comparisons with earlier albums that one considered good really wo n't allow one to appreciate any new direction the band takes . Additionally , hoping that the band will make another `` Mars '' and `` ETK '' will only serve to pigeonhole them into that exact sound . They already have a fluid and variable sound all their own , which is unique , common to all their albums and , in the final equation , supremely pleasing . Is n't that good enough ?
 This may just be Stereolab 's best album to date . It has a few lackluster songs , but Double Rocker , Les Bons Bons Des Raisons , Captain Easychord , Hallucinex , and Nothing to Do with Me are about as good as anything they 've done . It 's more laid back than most of their albums , but also more melodic . A must have for any Stereolab fan .
 This is the first Stereolab record I 've heard that is n't immediately an obvious Stereolab record . You 're already a little ways into track 2 , Spacemoth , before you exclaim `` Hey ! This is Stereolab ! '' Considering the endless counterarguments of `` Are Stereolab too consistent ? No , their very consistency is revolutionary ! '' that get tossed around in critical reviews , this is no mean feat.I 'm very pleased with Sound-Dust . It directly precedes a difficult period in the bands history , the death of founding member Mary Hansen . No one knows that they 're about to die -- and no doubt my impression of Sound-Dust is somewhat colored by my knowledge that Hansen would n't live to see their next record -- but there seems to be an ever-so-somber tint to Sound-Dust . Jim O'Rourke and Sean O'Hagan add their instrumental and arranging skills , and all in all the band seems a little more free with textures and sounds than on most of their post-Emperor Tomato Ketchup output . They engage in a little reinvention , and the results are pretty great -LRB- for example , the evocatively memorable song `` The Black Arts . '' -RRB- By the middle of the album , familiarity has been achieved and we 're in the jazz-inflected/krautrock/movie soundtrack space we 've learned to expect , but with a nicely expanded vocabulary of sounds . Sure there 's low flutes and floating trombones . But there 's also some well-integrated minimalist electronic tweakery , and a cornucopia of various bell-tones . If you like the band , you 'll like Sound-Dust . If you think it all sounds the same or that their `` old stuff was way better , '' give it a spin anyway . It 's moodier than usual , and I 'm betting a lot of people will like that .
 I have loved Stereolab for many years , and I have been listening to them since high school , for about 10 years now . I first saw them at 16 when they toured with the High Llamas -LRB- release of dots And Loops -RRB- and have always been a favorite band of mine . In my eyes , quite possibly , the best indie pop band ever , and they always have the best cover artwork , and song titles . This was the last release with original band member , singer/guitar player Mary Hansen . If this was the first album by them that I ever heard I would think it was the one of the best things I have ever heard . ` The Black Arts ' is amazing , along with ` Spacemoth ' , and the two album closers are worth the price of the cd alone , especially ` Suggestion Diabolique ' -LRB- and the most experimental , my favorite song on the whole album . But of course , my ears have been spoiled by listening to my other favorites like Mars Audiac Quintet , Cobra And Phases . . , or Margerine Eclipse even . I have heard this so many times , and I do n't question whether its good or not , becuase it is an enjoyable listen for me . However , it is my least favorite Stereolab album , out of 9 others , and it is the most mellow of them all , not as much experimentation as there could be . That does not mean it should be ignored . I would n't suggest this is as a proper introduction for the band though . If you are looking to buy one of their albums with more of a rock than pop vibe first , I would suggest Mars Audiac Quintet . If you want one with more of a pop than rock vibe , then maybe you should look into getting Dots and Loops first . Cobra And Phases Groop Played Voltage In The Milky Night is really an all around great album too , one of their very best , I saw them again when they released this album -LRB- by the way , they are amazing live . -RRB- They have a great mix of albums , they all sound different without losing the trademark sound I have come to love after all these years .
 I was amazed when I listened to this album . Not only has this group advanced from the sometimes redundant experimentation that it had on `` Noise Bursts '' , but it PROSPERED from the experience . This album COMPLETELY blew me away . It displays a shadow of what mid-70 's alternative rock used to be - a culmination of a huge variety of instruments and sounds , all arranged to absolute perfection . It 's relaxing , imaginative , and most of all , intelligent and creative . This is a must-have album for ANYONE who enjoys this rare breed of musical complexity .
 This is my first album from Stereolab . I had only heard one song from them and did n't even like it but I said `` what the heck '' let 's give it a try '' and guess what , I was hooked . The music is modern , complex , beautifully decorated , creative , different and has a lot of style . I am very happy with having bought this album and surely will buy another one from this group .
 Ever since I got this album since last summer , I kept on thinking what this album will sound like . I never wanted to stop listening to this album , because their music is so spectacular . If you heard the first track , Laetitia kinda does the loud humming and someone keeps on playing the synthesizer . It reminds me of the Beatles ' eerie song `` Revolution 9 '' from the `` White Album . '' I could 've just imagined while listening to `` Baby Lulu '' and it makes your mind clear with soothing and beautiful sounds . This is the best album I 've ever heard , and I listen to this album while I study and you should listen to this while you 're at work or home . Stereolab totally gets your stresses away by listening to them . Bye-Bye ! : - -RRB-
 I must admit I was a little upset with Cobra & Phases . Some of it just did n't come together for me ... however Sound Dust has put my mind straight that Stereolab are still here . This has to be the best thing that they have done since Dots & Loops , Emperor Tomato even . This music has those elements that made us love Stereolab in the first place -LRB- Laetitia 's voice , great arrangements -RRB- ... even though it is much `` lighter '' then their other stuff , it makes up for it in melody and arrangements of the songs . The melodies speak for themselves . Pure Awesome Stereolab ! Buy this !!!
 This album states more clearly some of the musical themes that the band were going for in Cobra & Phases . While that album did n't quite come together as well as it was trying to , this album fills in the gaps that were apparent in the previous album.This is a transcendental soundscape of synths , strings , and horns that lifts you from the ground and out of this world.Through the entire album , it is clear that the band is in total control of the trip they are taking you on , but to the listener it is new territory -LRB- even if we 've caught glimpses of it from previous releases -RRB- . The songs at times recall the simple genius of John Lennon and the complex layering of Syd Barett . . with an ` easy listening on acid ' theme tying it all together . But , even when the influences of other artists is clearly heard , Stereolab consistantly sounds like nothing other than Stereolab . In fact , it may just be that those are the times when their totally unique approach is most clearly defined.Songs like Spaceworm , Captain EasyChord , and Suggestion Diabolique are possibly the strongest pieces that the band has done in years , and the album as a whole is most definately that . Gus The Myna Bird , though not technically the album 's strongest piece , is one of my favorites of the bunch ; and Baby Lulu is as musically interesting a song as anything off of their early albums.If you have ever been a fan of stereolab , i recommend giving this one a spin .
 How often is it that a group , seemingly in decline , manage to come back hitting harder than an Ali rematch ? Still thinking ... But Stereolab has finally topped Emperor Tomato Ketchup , and in a big way . Having bought their last few releases more out of duty than complete desire I stepped up to the plate expecting not a strike out , but at least a walk -LRB- I also have no idea why all the sports metaphors ... -RRB- . Boom , this album is really really good . And all who love Stereolab will be really pleased with this album . The second Captain Easychord kicks in , all of your perseverance will be paid off , with interest -LRB- Ha ! A banking metaphor -RRB- . After owning the album some 3 or more months it still gets a healthy spot of airplay on my stereo , and naught a single track gets skipped . This is a call to all you Fans to come on home and get your franco-pop groove back the hell on .
 From the early 1990s organ drones ofMars Audiac Quintetto the lush cinematech orchestrations of 1997Dots & Loops , the great Stereolab spent a decade building a grand sound , an album a year , an album at a time.And for a band that does not use synthesizers , there is a hell of a lot of synthesis . Of minimalists ideas from Terry Riley to Can to the Velvet Underground , 1960s Euro heroes like Serge Gainsbourg and Krztof Komeda , to swinging pad cocktail records of the same era.If Stereolab falls into formula . that is a pretty complex formula to fall into
 If you buy this CD , you 'll think it 's so amazing that you wo n't even believe how amazing it is . Do not forget to remember this . FI-STA !
 one reviewer named this the `` comeback album of the year '' and i have to agree . this is the best stereolab product since mars audiac quintet . if you thought `` peng '' and `` transient random ... '' and `` mars audiac ... '' were great , you 'll love this cd . the music is a little more `` organic '' - as opposed to ulta-modern/technological . it 's softer . more ethereal . reminiscent of peng . it 's also the darkest album they 've done - the music has a fairy-tale gone wrong feel ... the black castle on a pink background cover art helps to lend this `` feel '' . it 's not their best album ... but for a band that 's been around this long it 's surprisingly up to par .
 Qmagazine -LRB- UK -RRB- says Sound Dust it 's their best yet.Maybe it 's not , but few Stereolab albums offers the unique feeling of hearing a masterpiece -LRB- albums like Emperor Tomato , Refried Ectoplast and Transient Noise can be mentioned -RRB- . Sound Dust is less pop than Mars Audiac , more accessible than predecessor First Microbe -LRB- though keeping the same pattern -RRB- . It has a lot of harmony , though using different instruments -LRB- it has horns/trumpets sounds in many tracks , upbeat drums , keyboards as their trademark -RRB- , mature sound , not very experimental.Not very original too -LRB- some might say it can not be a good Stereolab album if it 's not original - meaning more experimental . But some - like me , who heard at least 10 Stereolab albuns - would say they already showed us how original their style is -RRB- - in fact , it keeps the Stereolab style . It 's an album for a larger audience and everyone should have a copy of it .
 Stereolab 's new album , Sound-Dust makes me feel like I 'm in England floating on a cloud . I love their old albums and I love this one . It `` sounds '' like Stereolab but it 's different and new . Vocals are nice and I like the horns and keyboards . I do n't want to give a lot away but trust me , it 's good . If this is your first time buying Stereolab , I would suggest getting Dots and Loops .
 WOW ! This is such a good album ! It 's so ... flowy . Y' know ? It just flows and you are there to hear it flow . Now , I only own two other albums besides this one -LSB- dots and loops and random noise bursts -RSB- , but I 'd have to say that I like this better than the other two . You just get a feeling of being in the music when you listen to this , you feel like you 're traveling in one song , and another one makes you feel like you 're in a fashion show or something . It 's just really cool .
 Until I looked at all the other reviews , I thought for a second that with all the diehard stereolab fans out there , I might be the only person who was getting sick of their sound and therefore the only one who was so impressed by this release . Sound Dust is a masterpiece on many levels . For the first time ever , stereolab gets a sense of diversity that is n't defined by how weird the samples are . Lets face it , their last few releases were getting pretty boring and the only way they could sound `` different '' was to throw in some bizarre-o found sounds inbetween all the krautrock noodling . Did someone teach them how to write engaging , interesting pop songs ? I do n't know but this CD rocks from start to finish . They 've finally taken all the design elements that they 've cultivated over the years and put them together into something beautiful . It still borrows from the old but goes places I never thought they could go . If you 're like me and have a few of their CD 's -LRB- I think I have 5 or 6 -RRB- and really like some of their stuff but are getting tired of Laetitia 's monotone voice , track after track after track , then DEFINITELY pick this one up .
 I was anxiously anticipating the release of this album and , as usual with Stereolab , was not disappointed . I 've heard some complaints from Lab fans about their last couple of albums , but as far as I 'm concerned , this is a band continually coming into their own and making the best music of their career -LRB- although `` Dots And Loops '' remains my favorite ... sorry ! -RRB- . I mean , no other band today sounds like such a delicious mix of Burt Bacharach , Neu ! , Marcos Valle , Serge Gainsbourg , the Beach Boys , Kraftwerk , John Barry , Can , Ennio Morricone , the Free Design , Cal Tjader , Yusef Lateef , Gal Costa , Franoise Hardy and Lalo Schifrin ... among others . NOBODY !! So please challenge the perception of the mass record buying public as a bunch of retarded , obedient automatons and buy everything this band does ... today !!
 i like this album . it 's soothing and the quality/production level is very high . each song has so many layers and so much depth . listen to all of the instruments , and the vocal playfulness and you will be amazed.one word describes this band . Original . they are n't afraid to stray off track once in awhile . they owe that to themselves as artists . the key thing , is that they know what they do well and can use that knowledge to come back to their roots if they need to . that is what they have done with this album . i 'd give an 8.75 outta 10 .
 I found this cd on the shelf at my work . I 'm listening to it right now . Sweet instrumentals that make me want to dance around . It reminds me of sugarplum fairies creating music in the 70 's . The sound is light . The lyrics are few but this album is n't about the lyrics . It 's about the rhythm it creates . It 's a pleasant album .
 As usual , Stereolab has put together a breezy collection of pop tunes that draw heavily on influences from the '60s and '70s . In these new songs , I hear a -LRB- '70s -RRB- Chicago-esque horn section , harpsichords and harmonies a la the Carpenters , Brian Wilson-ish piano-and-rhythm cadences , and even `` bap-bah-bap-bah '' chorus a la the Association . The individual songs explode with sound , each repeating a fairly simple melody but layering it with guitars , unusual instrumentation , furious percussion , etc. . For example , `` Space Moth '' pulses with a repetitive song structure like one of Philip Glass 's pop experiments . Along with Laetitia 's airy vocals we get a vibrophone , baritone saxes , flutes , a swirling synth part , martial drum beats , those Chicago-style horns - and that 's just a small part of what 's going on in the song ! It 's all very pretty to listen to , but I 'm not sure there 's any one cut that really stands out ...
 Intimidated by a combination of critical scrutiny on the lab and the `` on auto '' feel of the microbe hunters ep , I hesitated to pick this album up . Unlike many , I found cobra and phases to be good but not great . Having followed the group since switched on vol 2 , I have seen the groop go through many changes . But like many good bands , they understand the challenge of meeting expectations and moving on . Sound Dust is sure proof of this . Edging back from the post-rock of cobra and phases to include the loungecore vibe of `` spaceage bachelor pad '' and the brainy electronica of `` Dots and Loops '' . Yes the incidents of drone pop circa `` Mars Audiac '' and `` Random Transient '' are less common but Krautrock abandon is not all the groop was about . It has always been about assimilation and more importantly the arrangements . The experimemtation is still there but it is about fusing it to less bombastic composition than pushing for some uneasy marriage of rock and art . I do n't think that Sound Dust is a good place to start . I 'd say `` Mars Audiac '' , `` Emperor Tomato Ketchup '' , `` Dots and Loops '' , and then `` Sound-Dust '' . To fill in the spaces , Switched on vol 2 and `` Alluminum Tunes '' The rest while good may confuse you abit .
 I think this album could be well described as Stereolab for a rainy day . It 's sound is soft , mellow , and , as always , just a little bit quirky . In my opinion , the best song on the album by far is Captain Easychord . It 's wonderfully repetitious piano chords and steel guitar country twang produce that familiar Stereolab happy/meloncholy feeling that makes you want to dance in the streets . -LRB- Atleast that is how I felt . -RRB- This album has alot of the trademark `` space-age lounge '' sound , with Herb Albert-ish trumpets popping up here and there that almost catch you off guard . Then , throw in a dash of woodwinds , a pinch of harp , some xylaphones and just the right amount of anti-imperialist lyrics , and you have yourself a nice little Stereolab album . For people who like the peppy and more lively Stereolab sound , this album may not be for you . Also , I would n't rate this album as one of my favorites from Stereolab , but I certainly recommend it . It is a very pleasent audio treat from a band whose sound , no matter how retro it may be , always sounds fresh .
 After `` First of the Microbe Hunters , '' I thought the groop had hit a stylistic block . There were a few good songs on that release , but overall the band was treading water . However , Stereolab have completely redeemed themselves with `` Sound-Dust , '' which is IMHO their best since `` Emperor Tomato Ketchup . '' Fans of their earlier stuff may be disappointed - the primitive , analog synths have entirely disappeared . Their new sound is much lighter , almost orchestral , with great vocals and lots of horns , flute , and electric piano . As usual , they plunder melodies from the 60s and 70s , combined with minimalist percussion reminiscent of Steve Reich . The album is extremely diverse while at the same time completely coherent . However , what most strikes me about this album is the song-writing - there are lots of great , unpredictable song shifts , catchy lyrics , and weird melodies that worm their way into your brain and wo n't get out . For example , check out the way `` Space Moth '' begins like a movie soundtrack before abruptly shifting into a disco number , or the country guitar that suddenly intrudes into `` Captain Easychord , '' or the way Laetitia manages to sound earnest while singing the lyrics
 Ever have one of those albums?An album where you spin it a few times and a few songs might sink-in , but the majority seem wrapped in gauze ? Then -- ONE DAY -- it hits you , the genius behind the songs , the hidden melodies , the amazing musicianship?That was my experience with this album . It took 2 years of -LRB- very -RRB- sporadic listenings to suddenly be hit in the head with just how flat-out AMAZING this album is . A few songs are easy and accessible -LRB- ie . `` Captain Easychord '' -RRB- , while others may take a few listens to * really * appreciate -- but it 's worth the effort . -LRB- as a comparison , I found `` Margerine Eclipse '' very easy to get-into , while it took a while for `` Dots & Loops '' and `` Cobra & Phases '' to really sink-in -RRB- . Very highly recommended , once it hits you , it will stay with you and grow-stronger with repeat-listens .
 Not sure what some of the reviewer 's here are talking about . This is simply put , a fantastic album . If you consider yourself one of those who can see the rich brilliance of stereolab 's offerings throughout the years , then you 've got to get it . It flows , it 's moody , funky , and lovely.Baby Lulu is currently my fav , but they 're all complex and original enough that it takes me a while to realize each songs awesomeness . Newbies can try Emperor Tk or Dots and Loops , but real fans should n't miss this .
 CDPrior to purchasing `` Sound-Dust '' , I read several reviews that hinted at Stereolab treading old ground . I 'm not sure exactly what these snobs were expecting , but what I got is a beautiful , magical album that gets better and better every time I hear it.Now I 'm not going to lie , the album wo n't surprise you too much if you 're familiar with their work of the late 90 's and early aughts . But they add so much to it . There are moments of pure audio bliss . I liked this album quite a bit upon my first listen , but there were also some things that disappointed me . The vocals sounded forced in spots , and I did n't like some of the arrangements . Upon repeated listenings , everything blends seamlessly . The songs are beautiful , complex , just ... lush . And not cheesey either . How a band can have so many `` la la la 's '' in the background and not sound corny at all is truly amazing . A buncha stuff going on and still completely accessible.I listen to everything from country to metal but I 'm very picky about every category . I 've never heard a band like this before . Their music appeals to me on almost every level of musical enjoyment . They do n't quite do for me what good old-fashioned punk rock will -LRB- though their live shows are just as fun -RRB- but it 's as if Stereolab fused together all these kinds of music that some might categorize as `` background '' and demanded attention from it.If you like Stereolab or adventurous music at all , I ca n't imagine that you wo n't enjoy this CD . I guess in any review Stereolab would be categorized as `` alternative '' and I suppose that 's as good a grouping as any , but still doese n't do the groop justice . No songs particularly stand out . I like some more than others but if you like it , you 'll like all of it . This disc might be my favorite of theirs . Do n't pass this one up .
 This album has some gorgeous music . I have 6 of Stereolab 's albums , and I love this one and Margerine Eclipse the best . The songs just flow and sway into one another . I am surprised anyone would have a criticism of this album and think it boring . It is anything but that ! # 3 is a personal favorite !
 But now I do . I would say there are 9 good songs on this album . For a couple of years I would have said there were 2 good songs on here , Naught More Terrific than Man and Nothing to do with Me.But really listening to this , I just have to shake my head at the sheer genius of Tim Gane . It really is a shame that such crap is on the top 40 these days when there is so much better out there . Like this.Great music is still being produced folks . It is just much more difficult to find than in the 1970 's where great songs made the radio.In my opinion , the output of Stereolab in 1996-2001 ranks right up there with any rock group in the last 35 years . Bar none . It is just really too bad that nobody has heard of this great group.You may get this and scratch your head wondering about the hype . It may take years to really appreciate this album . I have to tell you ... when I listen to this group , I do n't feel like playing guitar because I realize I will never posses the sheer genius that is Tim Gane .
 Unlike Dots and Loops , Sound Dust does n't reach out and grab you at first . The album takes many listens to appreciate , but once you do , you 'll realize it 's a masterpiece . Microbe Hunters was the same way ... hard to absorb at first , but eventually rewarding . Aside from the first track -LRB- a repetitive instrumental -RRB- , every song is pure quality . Buy it , listen to it several times ... you wo n't be disappointed !!!
 I bought this album as soon as it was released . I was disappointed by `` First of The Microbe Hunters '' . It did n't stand up to `` Cobra '' in a creative sense and sounded slapped together . But I was amazed at `` sound Dust '' . Not only was it pure ear candy , but it made me feel . There was a sonic warmth and punchy `` fatness '' that comes only from using tube preamps in the studio , and it was clearly there . `` Nothing To Do With Me '' is an emotional masterpiece . There 's something almost epic about the backing vocals in `` Les Bons Bons Des Raisons '' . Yes , many of the songs are straightforward in structure , but I think so many fans are unhappy with this album because all they want is `` Dots and Loops '' in a different package . If you want an artist that gives you the same product with new cover art every six months , try Britney Spears .
 I was n't exactly sure what to expect when I first dropped Sound Dust into my CD player ; the last album ` First of the Microbe Hunters ' was a little disappointing from a progressive point of view -LRB- I thought it was n't quite as well thought out as ` Cobra and Phases ' -RRB- . However , I was pleasantly surprised upon my first listening of the album . The first track comes on slow , but you get to hear a prevriew of some of the instrumentation that Stereolab is to employ for the rest of the album . The second song , ` Spacemoth ' , is by far the greatest song on the album , with layers upon layers of brass and wind instruments , along with Stereolab 's usual melange of analog keyboards and synths . It really does signify a change in Stereolab 's overall approach to compositions , arrangements , and producing techniques . Other songs like ` Captain Easy Chord ' , and ` Baby Lulu ' will give the listener a general impression that their more sophistacated style of writing on this album can only progress to nothing less than a sonic masterpiece , like Brian Wilson 's ` Pet Sounds ' , in the near future . ` Les Bon Bons Des Raisons ' is a nice capper on the album , which also gives a little taste of what was to be expected of such future releases as ` Instant O In the Universe ' , and ` Magerine Eclipse ' . Although Stereolab may not be a member of the contemporary `` pop-music '' spotlight , their music most certainly surpasses most of the drivel that the music industry releases as `` music '' . I would most definitely recommend this album to anyone who can appreciate the progression of such a talented group of individuals .
 One of the best , otherworldly bands EVER . Still hard for me to describe their sound to this day . I have been listening to the ` Lab for 8 years and they still impress me like no other . This does happen to be one of the more easygoing albums by this band , but they have matured in the way that I hoped they would . What 's that , there are even some `` normal '' song lyrics on this album ? `` I need somebody/I feel so lonely/somebody to share/my scarcity ? '' Each track sounds so different from its predecessor . When ` Cobra and Phases ' came out people did n't have much good to say about it -LRB- although I think its one of their best also -RRB- , ` nothing I have n't already heard before . ' But ` Sound-Dust ' does cover a lot of new ground , even for a band that has been around for a long time . After the tragic death of Mary Hansen , it feels strange to hear ` Captain Easychord ' , which is a celebratory song , because you hear them sing , ` let live what must live/die what must die/birth comes with a death/comes with a rise . ' I am lucky enough to have seen them twice , they are even better live . If you like them live too , you should check out the album ` Radio One
 Captain Easychord is by far the stand out track , mainly for it 's insane slide guitar work . The rest of the album percolates with so many post-pop music ideas it can get a little dense at times , but I ca n't fault this band for having so many good ideas . Stereolab have released a consistent string of fascinating CDs and Sound-Dust holds up with their best . It is their mellowist work so far .
 Unlike many , I found both Cobra & Microbe Hunters to be fascinating steps forward for Stereolab , easily the most inventive and important ensemble around today . After listening to Sound-Dust , those predecessors sound like mere transitional works towards the all-encompassing greatest that is Sound-Dust . But do n't get me wrong . All Stereolab releases are in essence transitional . They are unwilling and unable to simply rest on their laurels . And while Sound-Dust may sound on the surface like a lot of other releases , the subtle , complex arrangements on this record outclass even Emperor and Dots & Loops . The immaculate use of orchestral tone color on songs such as `` Spacemoth , '' `` Baby Lulu '' and `` Gus the Mynah Bird '' is rarely-nay , never-heard in pop music unless it comes from the collective minds of Stereolab , O'Hagan , O'Rourke & McEntire . While not for the musically unadventurous , Sound-Dust rewards repeated and careful listens . It is a demanding but endlessly beautiful masterwork .
 I only got turned on to Stereolab a few months ago , but I immediately became addicted to their unique sound . I will admit that I am a bigger fan of their earlier , `` poppier '' music . That being said , among their `` lounge-synth '' CDs , `` Sound Dust '' is one of my favorites . All of the songs are mellow and enjoyable .
 I first heard this album at a time when I was encountering frequent comments from people about how uninspired and repetitive Stereolab is . To be honest , I was n't that excited about the album , but I have always been a big fan , and I was not disappointed.This album has excellent production , very interesting melodies , and some new instrumentation . In attitude , it seems a little more cynical to me than other Lab records .
 right then , for me every release by the groop has been perfect in its own way . ever since seeing them at the westbeth a long time ago , i have been addicted . but sound-dust tops them all , it has a soul all its own , blending beauty , darkness , and intelligence . no one , not even a fan who thinks peng is tops , could not love this one . submit yourself and as many people you know to this album , it will make the world a better place.but please , in reviewing this , stop with the danny elfman thing . if that is a reference for you , think twice before sharing it with the rest of us . it 's not even funny , it 's just wrong .
 I always kinda liked some things about Stereolab 's music , but this is their first album that I 'm really happy with .
 Fantastic recording in my opinion . By the time I listened to it the third time I was hooked . It 's got an easy groove with compelling sound sequences , seductive female uttterences , Frenchy wisps and horns.I saw both live shows in San Francisco last week , and the Monday night show burnt the place to the ground . They played an incredibly high energy show , so much so that they had to lay back on Tuesday night and were n't all there . This band can JAM live ! Sound-Dust is a very interesting recording . Highly recommended . Get Sprinkled .
 The rejects from UK Popstars are back with another funky single . The 4th release off their brilliant album `` Thinking It Over '' , `` Got To Have Your Love '' is a cover of the Matronix classic of a few years back . `` Got To Have Your Love '' as a song is excellent . I did n't like it when I first heard it on the album . But when Liberty X released it , I grew to like it when I heard the radio edit.This single is great value for money . It has the radio edit of `` Got To Have Your Love '' , which is different from the album version . In my opinion , the radio edit is better . It 's fresher and more funky . Next we have two extra tracks `` Good Love '' and `` Get With You '' . Both are excellent ! They have the boys singing on main vocals , and both have catchy choruses and verses . Lastly , is two remixes which are standard for CD singles . I do n't really go for remixes that much.Overall , this is a good single which is worth the money , just for the two non-album tracks and the radio edit of `` Got To Have Your Love '' . Watch out for `` Holding On For You '' , their next single , but in the meantine enjoy this groovy little gem from the 5 people -LRB- Michelle , Jessica , Kelli , Kevin & Tony -RRB- who call themselves Liberty X !
 Those of us who watched television in the 1960 's will fondly remember the commercial jingles . If you enjoy both jazz and lounge music , and appreciate regular doses of nostalgia , then this CD issue of an album released in 1967 is a must have . Arrangements are elaborate in keeping with the musical principles of lounge music and include full orchestration with chorus . Benny Golson 's sax adds an appropriate dash of spice . This is feel good music at it 's best-bring out the martinis and reminisce .
 It is good considering that somethings are unavailable otherwise.I bought this CD for one track , `` The Dis-Advantages of You '' , origially performed by `` the Brass Ring '' . This was the very relaxing , semi erotic sounding music used as sound track in a television commercial for a certain one hundred 100 milimeter cigarette.Good CD true , but the old adage about the original being the best is certainly true here .
 If you do n't like Kenneth Copeland , then please do n't write dumb , childish reviews that have nothing to do with the product . I just had to say it . The other reviews on this CD are purely based on their personal distaste for the man behind the songs , which is not how one rightly rates a product . ANYWAY , this CD is great fun to listen to imo , whether you like/know who Kenneth Copeland is or not . Jazzy takes on favorite Christmas songs like ` Go Tell It On The Mountain ' and ` Away In A Manger ' make their debut here , and they 're great fun to listen to . This CD has been a part of my family 's Christmases since it was released in 2004 , and will continue to be . Why ? Because the music is good and it gets you in the spirit of Christmas , that 's why ! Highly recommend this product .
 I have known Kenneth copland since 1973 . He has always set very high standards for the recording & prpduction of all his albums . This album is no exception .
 I have always loved listening to Kenneth Copeland 's preaching.I have been a partner with his ministry for sometime now.They have been very good to me.They have sent me alot of gifts in the past , including this CD.I got this disc about 7 years ago from KCM.I 'm not that fond of Jazz music , but I got ta say , this CD is pretty good.Kenneth Copeland does a great job singing these old time Christmas classics.I 've always thought that Copeland had a pretty good singing voice.If you love Jazz music and or Christmas music , you 'll probally like this too .
 Closer to the Truth is a cd that rekindles the emotional music of Trout Fishing in America that was prevelant in Truth is Stranger Than Fishing . Every song on Closer to the Truth is a powerful emotion . There is no bad song on this cd . The albulm starts off with Dreaming which sets the listener into a daydreaming mood and goes straight into a remeniscing melody -LRB- Old Things -RRB- . A light-hearted skeptical shortly follows -LRB- Dangerous -RRB- . You will be humming the chorus all day after that song . Alberta Postcard will paint you a picture and make you want to visit Canada while There You Go will bring you back to the mortality of life . The icing on the cake is the finale -LRB- The Sun the Moon and Stars -RRB- . This is their best song on the CD and will bring you to tears . It took Trout 10 years to match the quality of Truth is Stranger Than Fishing , but Closer to the Truth matches it and then surpasses it in their best Adult albulm to date .
 Like all of their CD 's , Trout fishing in America has done it again ! Fun , entertaining music that is great for adults , kids ... whomever!Trout continues to be one of my favorite groups out there -- it 's amazing that they do not get more national publicity .
 I seem to be one of the few fans who first met this band in a live bar show , rather than catering to the kiddies , but their mix of humor with touching insight captured my love and has held it for almost 15 years . I do n't know why I waited to buy this album , but one of the middle-year albums was over-produced and I got a bit fearful . However , this really captures their original sensibility , and any fan will recognize the voices and harmonies that have always characterized this duo -LRB- with a couple guest instruments thrown in along the way -RRB- . Here there are no joke songs or kid stuff , but just an excellent mix of swinging toe-tappers with poignant thoughtfulness.Those who are used to the gentle humor of the kid music will enjoy the way that Keith and Ezra bring their big hearts and sunny outlooks to the general themes of good -LRB- adult -RRB- rock -- dreams about the future , getting through the hard times , love and relationships , etc. . I never get tired of an album like this ; these guys are operating down where real life is lived . Every song is very strong and this CD keeps finding its way back into my player ...
 Keith and Ezra 's most polished , mostly serious work for non-kids . Very well done with excellent new songs . My new favorite Trout CD . Hey , guys , just do n't forget your roots and all the silliness that made us fans fall in love with you !
 As I write this review , my husband and I just returned from seeing the notorious duet at a small venue in the country . It was a rather intimate showing for my first time to see Trout . I can only say wonderful things about these guys . They played for almost two hours straight , peppering the audience with songs from every genre . These guys know how to cover all the bases ! They performed kids ' songs , love songs , and even some rockin ' good tunes.I digress ... They played a good selection of the songs from Closer to the Truth during the show . I found the songs so entertaining and harmonious that I bought the cd directly after the show and listened the entire way back home . Now that I have witnessed them live , I can not get enough Trout ! This cd is an excellent example of the musical range this duo can cover . The tunes are all catchy and you will find yourself singing along.These guys may win awards for their children 's albums , but they can DEFINITELY win over adults as well .
 For my twentieth wedding anniversary , I do not want jewelry ; I want to go hear Trout play their grown-up music at a club-anywhere . This album is part of the reason why . As the mother of a lot of kids , I do love their kids ' music , but this album lets me overcome my slight embarrassment at loving a kids ' band and say `` But , look they do make fabulous ` grown-up ' music too . -LRB- Whoever said they were `` a parent 's guilty pleasure '' in a professional review is spot-on -RRB- The elements that make their kids music so great are also present in their adult music . They are immensely listenable . Tuneful and lyrical in places , biting and funny in others . Their adult music also contains that wry wit that makes their kids ' stuff so uproarious funny . The fact that they explore many styles of music means that there is a repeatability factor for their albums and they wo n't get boring . `` Dreaming '' , `` Closer to the Truth '' , `` Alberta Postcard '' and `` Almost September '' paint pictures with both the words and the music . They are poetic and lovely . Then they turn around and give you a great catchy , funny song like `` Dangerous '' in a completely different style.The wit shows through in `` Old Things '' and `` After You 've Gone '' -LRB- which is one of my favorite Trout Songs -RRB- . The first time I heard both , I laughed . The 200th time I heard both , I still got a chuckle , despite the fact that I knew what the punchline was.Trout Fishing works very hard to make sure their finished product is of top-notch quality . That the songs are well-crafted -LRB- I use that phrase a lot when writing about them , but it 's true -RRB- , well-sung , well-played . So , all in all , this is a great CD -LRB- do they make any other kind ? -RRB- I was a Trout fan from the moment I heard them play the first note-kids or adult stuff , they never disappoint . -LCB- If you want to see how great their adult music sounds in concert and why I want this as my present , I suggest going to the Kerrville Folk Festival webpage and listening to the webcasts of them playing - they ROCK there -RCB-
 Trout Fishing In America make kids music , they do it well , and the album probably will stand up to the death play the kids will give it , even with adults , although I highly doubt many adults will listen to it for it 's own merits . If you need a CD for your kids to listen to that wo n't drive you crazy , you have found it , but otherwise this is probably not a CD you want to own .
 ` Splendour ' is right . This is quintessential Felt , with guitarist Maurice Deebank still in the band . The sound is mellow , melodic , understated , lovely ... I wonder if Gary Ainge 's drumkit even had cymbals ; his minimalism is a major part of the effect of this music . ` Mexican Bandits ' was released as a single - - a shimmering and driving instrumental . And it 's the instrumental passages that work best , not to detract from Lawrence ` Lawrence ' Hayward 's breathy , -LRB- Lou -RRB- Reedy vocals and beautifully imagistic lyrics . It 's just that the music is staggeringly imagistic on its own - - ` The Stagnant Pool ' , with its extended instrumental coda , is as languorous and humid as its title suggests . The effect is psychedelic , whatever the intent . And Deebanks 's solo closer , ' A Preacher In New England ' is everything The Durutti Column aspired to . Really - - this is a great mini-album , too short by half .
 Great record . The singer ca n't sing at all , and thankfully , this album is mostly instrumentals . I introduced my teenager to Felt with this record , and he loves them , too . If you 're looking for really cool guitar tracks to add ambiance to a gathering , this is for you .
 The spare , guitar-based art-pop sketches of the debut , Crumbling the Antiseptic Beauty , give way to a fuller , more fleshed-out sound here on their 2nd album , The Splendour of Fear . The more solid and forceful rhythmic foundation is a welcome shift , and luckily it does n't detract from the wonderfully hypnotic atmosphere singer Lawrence and lead guitarist Maurice Deebank conjure with the intricate , delicate , highly melodic mesh of their guitars . Drenched in a murky but alluring and sometimes shimmery atmosphere , producer John Rivers perfectly captures and enhances the dreamy haze in which this period of Felt 's music was clearly intended to evoke . Lengthy instrumental passages dominate -LRB- only two songs feature vocals -RRB- ; sometimes lazy , other times fairly intense . `` The World is as Soft as Lace '' is a dizzyingly beautiful , low-key standout , defined by Deebank 's soaring , majestic melodic guitar , and Lawrence 's gentle , acoustic strumming and brooding croon . Felt 's pop side in a nutshell . Despite this album 's strangely soothing brand of melancholy and offbeat , ` downer ' vibe , it may not be the best starting point for newcomers , who should instead start with the poppier -LRB- but no less riveting or melodic -RRB- Strange Idols Pattern . This record goes down a bit easier once you 're already familiar with Felt 's aesthetic .
 I love Felt ! great band and I have all of their recordings . This one is probably my favorite in their whole catalogue . Dreamy Psychedelic and heartbreakingly beautiful in places . I will never get tired of this recording . Maurice Deebank is an incredible underrated guitarist and Lawrence is perfect at what he does . A truly great recording that the average listener will never understand . Genius !
 back in the day . . felt was the only band that mattered . Too bad you never listened to them . Now is your chance . Take it .
 Thoroughly enjoyed the music of this southern swing group . Even though it is made up mostly with original music , the sound is genuine . Songs to really listen to are the title tune , Rat Face Rudy , G Man , and Kopesetic . I found the style and humor quite refreshing while being performed by talented musicians . This cd is a must for true lovers of swing .
 I loved the cd , the cover was great , every song was great , but i have to admit I do have my favorites
 WOW . . this is great . . I loved it
 This is a cool cd ! A guy that saw them play in Atlanta turned me on to it . I 've got other contemporary swing cds , and this one really kicks their behinds . The difference to me is the songwriting . It 's just not the `` same old thing '' that all the swing bands play that really should be labeled rockabilly . The title track is as good or better than anything I 've personally heard on the radio , and if you did n't know better , you 'd swear Elvis -LRB- the cool one -RRB- was singing Be-Bop-A-Lula . I know , enough smoke already ! If you like swing or would like to give it a chance , I would tell you to check this out .
 Although this CD has been out a while , I just purchased it . WoW!I was blown away . Johnny Zoot really rocks . I especially liked the note he sang on Cobwebs . The lyrics and feel makes me sad but that is a testament to the strong emotions which Jonathan Zoot summons from the bottom of his soul.This band would have been one of the tops in the 40 's and should be today with the fine musicianship and bass/vocal prowess of J. Zoot.I have a small dentist practice in my town and have made my patients listen to this when they are tied in their chairs and they almost never complain.Thanks Zoot people .
 Excellent Musicianship ! Music type is 40s ' -90 's . They can swing ! Never have I heard two guitars , saxophonist , trumpeter , trombonist , pianist , and drummer along with a singer sound so good together ! I would highly recommmend their CD to anyone from the 40 's and today ! So , If you want to Swing Til ' You Drop then by all means purchase this CD ! I have and I 've thoroughly enjoyed it and can not wait until they put another one out !!!!! `` THANKS '' Zoot 's & The Swingin ' Suits / Miss Manhattan !
 I enjoyed the diverse `` moods '' of this CD ! First and foremost was it 's swing beat ... then I liked the blues style . I would have to say my favorite was `` Kopasetic '' followed closely by `` Rat Face Rudy '' and `` G Man '' . I enjoyed the humor that was cleverly added to the lyrics in the latter two . Some of these songs will certainly add some `` zing '' and `` pazazz '' to your day .
 Desearia saber quien interpreta el tema POEMA , y saber si es el que cantan Los Hermanos Arriagada de Chile
 Just thought I would let on that this album has some fantastic airy and hard hitting jazz . I have had this lp for 30 + years , my only complaint is that I have worn it out . I would love to have a clean cd version . I digitized the lp and cleaned off some of the clicks and pops . If you like jazz fussion I think you would like the album . I personaly could n't understand it if pretty much anyone would n't like this music .
 While the average Hendrix fan might not be interested in the details of how Electric Ladyland was made , for the musician this DVD is priceless . If you 've seen `` The Making of Sgt Pepper '' and liked it , this is a similar treatment of Electric Ladyland . You get to hear individual tracks and interviews from the engineer and band members on how it was all done . Eddie Kramer , Mitch , Noel , all talking about their memories . You also get a glimpse into the personality of Hendrix that is very different than the wild man image . This movie has given me even more appreciation of this musical masterpiece .
 The video takes you through the making of the album Electric Ladyland with the guys who played , engineered , gofered , or what have you . It is done on a song by song basis with lots of videos , photos and live performances . I am not a Hendrix fanatic , but I thought it was fascinating and very well done . If you are a Hendrix fanantic you would love this .
 If you are a Hendrix fan and want to know how this album was made then this is DVD is for you . I liked how the engineer was able to strip songs to the bare bones and explain how Hendrix was able to obtain those unique guitar sounds .
 Jimi is often presented as a great guitarist in the realm of pop music . This film reveals how far from the truth that is ... . The incredible delicacy and fluency Jimi created is likened in the film to Mozart , and the comparison is apt . He had an infallible sense of theme , variation , harmony , and conceptual completeness ... , and the most compelling thing is that only lyrics were written down . The rest happened in Jimi 's ` imagination . ' The only place one can experience Jimi down deep where he really lived is found here , in `` Jimi Hendrix . ''
 Many , many years ago , when I was 16 years old , I heard `` Hey Joe '' for the first time in my life -- my brain has been fascinated and haunted by that genius and his music ever since . At the end of this DVD I had tears in my eyes ... man , do I miss jimi ... that 's all I can say .
 Hey Eddie Kramer can you hear me?I wish they would have put the entire uncut album -LRB- possibly in 5.1 surround sound -RRB- on the dvd too , the interviews are great and all but sometimes I just wan na listen to nothing but the music this would and still could have the phenomenal aspect that a lot of people could and would enjoy and just to think what he would be doing now but I 've heard that he was burned out from all the attention and overwork and this is what could have cause his demise .
 hearing about how this Musical Genius made this Landmark album is a real treat.it 's a timeless video about a timeless ARTIST that Trenscended music & time .
 The audio quality on my dvd is awful . The music blats away and you ca n't hear the people interviewed . Anyone alse have this problem ?
 I like jimm
 Does anyone know if CHRIS WOOD founding member of Traffic , renowned flutist , sax player and other wood winds master appears in this video ?? -LRB- You can reply to me personally at sheila.arthur@verizon.net -RRB-
 Electric Ladyland has and always will be a classic album.This DVD not only deals with the making of the album , but it shows what was going on with the band and Jimi Hendrix at the time.The movie points out the hellish schedule they would have . It pointed out that they would be on one coast one night and the other coast the next night . At the same time Hendrix would try to make time to record while trying to put together his own recording studio in New York City.It shows how Hendrix would for instance make recordings of guitar music at one speed and play it back at another for special effects.It tells you how he used a comb with wax paper to simulate a kazoo sound for another track.It interviews Michael Finnigan , who played on Rainy day , dream away.Finnigan talks about how Hendrix instructed him to play the music they way he wanted it.It indicates that Hendrix played a harpsichord on Burning of the Midnight Lamp . Hendrix was apparentley a good keyboard player.Hendrix also uses Jack Casady to play bass guitar on some songs , and plays bass himself in Noel Reddings abscence.This is in my mind a very good documentary ... I would recommend it to any Hendrix fan or any serious fan of the Rock of the 60 's .
 Watching this DVD brings the Hendrix fan closer to the soul that produced this beautiful work of art . The interviews and recollections show how Jimi 's personality imprinted on everyone he worked with . They all still miss him terribly . This DVD provides insight into the process Hendrix evolved to in writing and recording his work . After watching this DVD I hear the album in a more informed light . Hendrix was a brilliant shooting star . I also noticed how much Prince copies Jimi 's style . Somehow I missed that before this DVD .
 It 's a shame that one of the best guitarist in rock 'n roll died so young . This is great music .
 Classic Albums recounters the journey of the legendary music recordings.Classic Albums takes you a behind the scences look at one of jimi hendrix 's most succesful albums . The story is told in rare archival film footage , music , and from a diary kept by a hendrix employee . Their are many great interviews from the members themself Mitch Mitchell , and Noel Redding as well as keyboard virtuoso Steve Windwood . I think the best part of the film is Eddie Kramer who engineered the electric ladyland sessions . This film is loaded with fascinating footage of Jimi Hendrix in the studio . I think from one perspective we can all appreciate how great Electric Ladyland really was .
 Jimi Hendrix 's masterpiece Electric Ladyland has reached the charts standing at number 1 for a long time . This DVD is one of the best it explains everything from the musicians who played with Jimi on the masterpiece Electric Ladyland and others including Noel , Mitch , Chas Chandler , Eddie Kramer , Stevie Winwood , etc. . The story of Electric Ladyland is told in this DVD in words , music , rare archival film footage , and from a contemporary diary kept by one of Hendrixs employees . Can it get any better ? NO . I loved this DVD it is worth 5 stars so please buy it enjoy !
 An excellent story about the making of one of the best rock alblums ever made.Those of us who remember when this alblum came out can now see what the GREAT OZ was doing behind that curtain.The sounds in Jimi 's head got onto vinyl because of the magical collaboration of Eddie Kramer , Hendrix , Mitchell , and Noel Redding -- who got fed up with the delays and effectively quit at this point . But there was plenty of talent available and eager to help out , Jack Cassidy , Steve Winwood , Buddy Miles , among others who made it happen . Eddie Kramer is the main historian here , his memory of how all the tracks were layed down gives the most complete view since Jimi is not available .
 Great video that focuses on the mixing of the individual parts in the studio mixing and really has some great behind the scenes glimpses into the making of this classic album . Very good quality and production . Very interesting to all guitarists interested in classic rock .
 so says some bloke at the beginning of this collection . the other review here does n't really do this album justice . its a collection of tubby 's best stuff
 I really love this CD . Something about just makes me feel relaxed and at peace . I recomend this CD if you like Dub reggae . If you do n't like Dub , give it a try anyway , you may be surprised .
 having been a huge pharcyde fan and getting both of tre 's ep 's that he put out in the past couple years -LRB- his own ` liberation ' and the self titled ` the legend of phoenix ' -RRB- , i can say that this is the real deal ... everything the pharcyde ever was was because of tre ... no disrespect to the rest , but his lyrics and his flow was unlike anyone ... this is a definately chill with your woman , chill with your boys , or sit back and drive to the edge of the world and back LP ... he leaves no stone unturned ... and in a time where all you see on tv and the radio -LRB- not like i own one -RRB- is rappers who go around and show off how much of a fool they are , its nice to see someone who is still keepin it real and rappin about what really matters ; love and life ... keep up the good work and make it out east sometime .
 This album truly is amazing . While it moves away from the Pharcyde 's Slim Kid Tre , it has an all new magic to it . Tre 's style is amazing , mixing vocals and raps with a great band . It 's an excellent album , and I recommend it to everyone !
 If anyone has ever been a Pharcyde fan , you must pick up this album . If your expecting it to sound like Bizarre Ride or Labcabin do n't . Tre is a new man ! Liberation is a great look at what Tre has been up to since his departure from the Pharcyde . The album is full of awesome grooves and of course Tre 's signature singing/MC style . Singing and Rapping about Life , Love and Spirituality the album captures the essence of all of that while living up to it 's title LIBERATION !!
 This CD is blazin ' . Slim Kid of the Pharcyde is really doin ' his thang . Tre is rapsanging over smooth tracks . This CD wo n't get you Crunked ... but sometimes U need to simmer down and just chill out . And this is what this CD does . Chilled , laid back , with positivity oozing from every single tracks . MC Lyte , Charlie 2na , NDea Davenport , and the `` Slam '' artist Saul Williams add their essence , making all 17 tracks a powerful blend . My favs are Ayyomyman , Roots , Love , & Culture , & Playing House ... But no doubt , all tracks are hot !!!! Do n't sleep on this CD .
 Tre Hardson -LRB- of the Pharcyde -RRB- , is without a doubt one talented individual ... this album is incredible and should be owned by everyone interested in hip-hop and quality music ... The only artist I can compare him to is K-os from Vancouver , BC ... flows , lyrics , some singing ... this is dope ... and I listen to artists like Killah Priest , Billy Woods , Mr. Lif and Reef the lost Cauze . Peace
 Do n't sleep on this one . This disc is giving joy to those that seek a higher understanding . Yay Tre !
 1 . Problem vs. the Hustla - This was interesting i was actually impressed - 4/52 . I 'm a Hustla - This was strait up fire 5/53 . On the Grind - This was cool - 3.5 / 54 . Crack - This is Hot - 5/55 . B-Boy Stance FIRE - 5/56 . A.M. to P.M. crazy Track ! - 5/57 . Ca n't Fade Me - this is the realest track this dude has ever done , by far the best this album has to offer this is a pure classic . 6/58 . Kick It Wit You - This was also hot , i thought the hook would been better but i do like it - 4/59 . C-Bonics cool trakc - 3/510 . Bellybutton - Hot i like this - 4/511 . Get 'Em - another fine track - 3.5 / 512 . So Long - Prolly my least favorite track on the album still a good track tho - 3/513 . 6 Minutes - HOT - 5/514 . Message another good track , not the best but hot , - 3.5 / 515 . I 'm a Hustla -LSB- * -RSB- -LSB- Remix -RSB- -LSB- * -RSB- - Mary J. Blige - CRAZY Mary Kills It - 5/5This is byfar a Crazy album , destroys his first album cuz if you herd his first album like me you would dissliked it as there were only 5 decent tracks on that but this is a HOT album i am very impressed , Props to CASS he brought the FIRE !
 Yo this album will be cassidy 's classic and also everyone 's favorite in the future . This album truly shows how sick the boy is . Especially Am to Pm and also The Prob . vs. The Hustla , those are the best two tracks on the whole album . Cass U doin big man and I been down wit you since the first freestyles . Holla @ me .
 Most highly recommended . This is one of the best re-mastering jobs I have heard -- fantastic . Plus the packaging is top-class work . 2 Cd set includes 2 original King Tubby dub releases -- two of his earliest efforts . The re-issue label has very wisely given each original LP a Cd of its own . And both these albums deserve the treatment , they are fantastic examples of dub as a form of sound sculputre as pioneered by King Tubby . The man was a true artist ! Nifty fold-out glossy cardboard CD package reproduces the front cover of each LP . At the economy price this is available for , consider it a gift . Listen with headphones if you really want to blow your mind . Should be required listening for all DJ 's and those interested in the art of mixing sound . Essential , essential , ESSENTIAL !!
 Stephan Sulke is one of Germanys songwriters and story tellers . Unless you understand the german language you will not have the privilege to enjoy his music and lyrics to the fullest . The songs on this album are truely some of his best . Comming out of the artists heart and life the storys behind the songs have a bitter humor . i can only recomend this cd .
 JoAnn and Monte are two of the best Alaska singers I have ever heard . Back in the early 80 's we purchased some tapes from their show in Juneau and are sorry to find out that we ca n't get CD 's now . It seems that nobody carries updated versions that are truly some of the best Alaska folk songs . I was thrilled to get this CD and wish I could find more .
 Strauss - The Great WaltzThis is truly a masterpiece reflecting upon the life and times of a remarkable composer . We are lucky today to have such talented orchestras who can reproduce Johanns ' works with such expertise thus keeping his music alive in our modern times.There is no one illustration of Johanns ' work on this DVD as none can be classed as being one better than the other !
 Try this album after a rough day at work . Or better yet , while you 're at work . More Eno-esque than Eno himself ! This collection brings together the very best elements of Eno 's Ambient Music work into clear , crystaline jems of structure . Each piece has a strict internal logic . Progressions and patterns grow organically , following the rules of nature - they feel like branches and leaves growing from a stem . Primarily synthesizers and lush vocal samples combine then dissipate into silence , as indeed they must . The pieces are rhythmic , with deceptively simple , yet haunting melodies . These guys have been producing some of the best Ambient music since the mid 90s . Hard to find , but worth the effort .
 Although the art work on this album is retro psychedelic-Zen , reminiscent of a 1970 's fusion release , the music is quite mainstream . Turre 's employment of violin and cello is less cutting edge than a logical extension of his fondness for Ellingtonian orchestral colors . Regina Carter , moreover , gets ample solo space on `` Chairman '' -LRB- a straightahead swinging blues -RRB- and `` Sposin ' '' -LRB- done in 3/4 -RRB- as does Akua Dixon on `` Goodbye '' -LRB- little improvisation but nice tone and technique -RRB- . Turre is probably the most successful trombonist since J. J. Johnson -- in fact , he 's practically the only player of that unwieldy instrument who has managed to lead groups and release records under his own name over the past 10-15 years . His indebtedness to J. J. is in evidence on all of the tunes , though players like Joe Nanton -LRB- `` Fragrance '' is pure Duke with Tricky Sam -RRB- and Dickie Wells -LRB- dig the vocal effects on `` Organ Grinder '' -RRB- are always lurking beneath the surface.On `` Blackfoot , '' a burner on `` Cherokee '' changes , he risks it all . J. J. showed that it 's possible to adapt the music of bebop to trombone ; since then , players such as Carl Fontana and Bill Watrous have tried to make the instrument as lightning fast as Bird 's alto saxophone or Diz ' trumpet . But the trade-off has frequently been one of sound for speed , with `` micro-phonics '' replacing the projection of a `` true '' trombone sound . Turre 's solo , while somewhat limited melodically and rhythmically , does not come at the expense of his instrument 's inherent brassy brilliance.This is a set that should appeal to trombonists , string players , and even the occasional and casual listener of mainstream jazz .
 This CD is a brilliant peice of work . Turre 's use of the string section , expanding the usual conception of what a sextet consists of , adds a dynamic element to the music . Turre really shows that he can hold the front line with his trombone.Passion for Peace give out a sense of spiritual warmth that I have not felt for a long time.Most of Turre 's solos are of a very high standard except that on Blackfoot . He seems to struggle for ideas repeating phrases too many times.Only the last track has shells which is a bit of a shame .
 Amazon makes it easy to find obscure releases from lesser known artists . The one-click shopping is easy to use . The item was shipped and received very quickly and arrived in perfect condition .
 Well done performances of works that may not show up in other collections . Helped me in selections to use with my church choir , and otherwise just good to listen to .
 Schreker 's `` Das Spielwerk und der Prinzessin '' is a remarkable little opera . Typical of Schreker 's operas , it 's a wildly imagined fairy tale with lots of weird pseudo-Freudian subtext.Schreker wrote in an ulta-rich , ambitious , romantic-expressionist idiom -- complex both harmonically and orchestrally . Schreker pursued unusual orchestral timbres with great imagination . His music is garish and irridescent.Schreker seems to glory in his ability to conjure up strangely imagined worlds of magic , romance , sexual depravity , and in the case of `` Spielwerk '' , purification . His characters are often strange blends of earnestness and corruption -- in some cases these blends border on being so far from real human experience that they 're unsympathetic or dramatically unconvincing . But in `` Spielwerk '' , I think he does a better job than in some other operas , and the language of his librettos -LRB- which he always wrote himself -RRB- is always beautiful.The story of `` Spielwerk '' is downright weird , and ca n't be explained simply!In the backstory of `` Spielwerk '' , the old craftsman Master Florian had spent a his lifetime crafting a musicbox that produces music of unearthly beauty , but only came alive when his son played his violin . The Princess who ruled from a nearby castle began holding wild orgiastic parties where she would strip off her robes and `` yield '' to her male guests . Master Florian 's wife , his assistant `` Wolf '' , and his son were all eventually seduced by the parties , where his son , now the Princess 's lover , would play the musicbox , driving the revellers to even wilder excesses . So Master Florian renounced his wife , and drove his son from his house out into the world . The music box fell silent.In the beginning of the opera , Master Florian 's son has died , and is brought to his cabin 's door , where his now penitent wife urges him to take the boy 's body inside . He refuses . A mysterious travelling flute player happens by , and is invited by Florian to stay with him . When the guest plays his noble music , the musicbox suddenly , to Master Florian 's surprise , comes to life!The Princess , now despondent at having lost her lover and the music of the `` Spielwerk '' , plans one final party , and asks `` Wolf '' to burn her and her guests to death upon it 's completion . The flute player meets the Princess by chance on the road , and they feel drawn to one another . He thinks she 's just a common woman , and when she urges him to run away with her to start a new life , he 's tempted . But he tells her that he has come to heal and redeem the Princess , and that until he does so , he can not leave . She tells him of the Princess 's terrible corruption , and that she can not be healed . But he is immovable.The party begins , but is interrupted by a mob led by Master Florian 's former wife . They threaten to tear the Princess to pieces . But at the last moment , the flute player intervenes , playing his flute . At that moment the musicbox responds . Florian 's son 's corpse sits up and begins to play his violin along with the Spielwerk 's wonderous tones , and all the listeners are entranced . The flute player and the Princess dance together , singing ecstatically , and wend their way slowly towards the distant castle . `` Wolf '' and his cohorts burn Master Florian 's cabin to the ground , finally silencing the musicbox.During the second decade of the 20th century , Schreker became the second most successful living opera composer in the German speaking world , second only Strauss . `` Spielwerk '' was his one dud in a string of successes -- following `` Der ferne Klang '' , and preceeding `` Die Gezeichneten '' and `` Der Schatzgraber '' , each which was more successful than the last . He revised `` Spielwerk '' , cutting it 's already brief length -LRB- 100 minutes -RRB- . But the revision was also a flop . This recording , from the enterprising Kiel Opera , is a reconstruction of the original version.I ca n't help but recommend this strange little operatic hallucination !
 Another excellent CPO release of a virtually unknown late-romantic opera , and this time they have found their way to a true masterpiece . It is one of Schreker 's least performed operas -LRB- and Schreker is a composer who is severely under-performed overall -RRB- , and while not as stirring and gorgeous as Irrelohe or Die Gezeichneten , it is still a must for anyone even remotely interested in this kind of repertoire.Not well received at its premiere , the opera does indeed suffer from a rather dated libretto -LRB- suffused with a kind of psychoanalytic nonsense disconcertingly prescient of the fraudulent inanities of later `` philosophers '' like Lacan and Derrida -RRB- . The mixture of symbolism , dreamlike sequences and fairty-tale is however appealing on the face of it , and is an excellent starting point for an evocative sound-world , if one does n't pay too much attention to the text per se . And the music is indeed utterly fantastic , right from the colorful and dynamically turbulent prelude . Parsifal looms in the background , but Schreker 's language is always sufficiently individual to avoid accusations of plagiarism or even eclecticism . True , the sequences of ever wilder and more ecstacic climaxes might be a bit taxing on the ear , and maybe this is in the end one of those operas I can not actually recommend listening straight through , but there is no doubt that the end result is eminently satisfiable , conjuring up a fantastically enchanting and sumptuous sound-world all of Schreker 's own.Of course , it would n't get off the ground were it not for the impressive and committed performances it receives here . Perhaps the brilliantly energetic , lively and colorful orchestral contributions from the Kiel Philharmonic Orchestra -LRB- and the Kiel Opera Chorus -RRB- under Ulrich Windfuhr constitute the highlight , but the soloists are really impressive as well . Thomas Mayer and Julia Henning manages the complex vocal parts with aplomb - they are both -LRB- the vocal parts , that is -RRB- brilliantly and idiomatically sung , showing only the faintest traces of strain at the upper edges . But there is n't really any weak link in this performance ; the opera is unlikely to be recorded again anytime soon , but even if it were this would be a serious challenger -LRB- no matter what cast a hypothetical competitor would come up with -RRB- . The recording is lush but spacious , and overall pretty well balanced . And even though it is a live performance , neither stage noise nor unintended contributions from the audience present any problematic distractions whatsoever . With full text and translation and an at least mildly interesting essay included , this is a thoroughly recommended release .
 This is yet another lush , shimmering pscyo-erotic opera by Franz Schreker , wonderfully performed by the forces involved -- I suggest you just read the review of 02/12/04 to get a good summary of the surreal plot . At least one other reviewer has termed it not as a good as the composer 's masterpiece , Die Gezeichneten , and while I would n't disagree with that judgement , this music drama comes pretty close to matching its sibling , particularly in the second half . Other than Mozart , Bizet 's Carmen and a small handful of others , I 'm not a great opera fan but Schreker 's output in this genre to be absolutely stunning . Highly recommended .
 Here you have a Schreker master piece . Not as good as the Gezeichneten -LRB- this would be impossible -RRB- , but quite good.Martin Pitchon
 My goodness !! Imagine Stevie Wonder making a record with Saint Etienne using a vocoder . That is about the closest I can get to explaning this masterpiece of a pop single . Kioki are making easily the best Japanese pop music since the now alas defunct Pizzicato Five . It 's a beautiful , beautiful thing that will last forever !
 I got a huge kick out of Vinny 's interpretations of the Beatles ' songs that they never recorded . Sure . they ver due elements from the later years that they should have skipped , as has been written here . But the do n't mimic previous covers , but try to recreate the early Beatle sound . It 's light and it 's fun . It 's is not a must have as a Beatles fan , but I think you 'll get a big kick out of this disc .
 These songs , with a few exceptions , are at the bottom of Lennon and McCartney 's substantial catalog of work , and the fact that they themselves never bothered recording them speaks volumes . In fact , most of the various early-60 's recordings of these numbers are at best `` poppy '' , and are more often simply embarrassing . Vinny Fazzari 's accomplishment , then , is pretty substantial
 It 's a shame these Lennon/McCartney compositions were never put out by the Beatles themselves , because I really think they are great songs . The arrangements are interesting , and the band plays the songs well . This CD comes highly recommended for any Beatles fan .
 I have always been fascinated by Eva Peron , undoubtedly one of the most fascinating women of the 20th century . Madonna absolutely shines in the title role , and she has never been in finer voice -LRB- evidence that the professional vocal lessons she took in order to prepare for the role paid off in a big way -RRB- . The songs are a dizzyingly diverse array of pop , opera , rock , Latin-flavored and classical , and there is not a dud among them . Among the finest
 The fantastic Broadway musical lost nothing on its way to the silver screen . In fact , it gained in spectacle and intensity . Madonna is perfect here ; it 's hard to believe there was ever a question of another actress playing this role . Antonio 's also a fine singer and deserved his Golden Globe nomination . The soundtrack has every note of music from the movie , so listening to it is like rewatching the film .
 The first time I heard this CD I had borrowed it for entertainment on a long road trip . I was immediately delighted by the sensuous , sweet , and loveable sound of the voice of the female lead singer playing Evita . When I stopped at a rest stop , I looked at the CD jacket and liner and I was shocked to find out that what I was listening to was the 1996 movie version of this show starring Madonna . I had never heard her voice singing such great songs or when it was n't drowned out by canned percussion and other electronic effects and accompaniments . But in this show you hear her voice so up close and personal , and it has this juicy , alluring quality that makes you fall in love with the character , regardless of how close or distant it is from the real person of Evita upon whom it is based.I think Madonna , together with Antonio Banderas and Jonathan Pryce singing the music of Andrew Lloyd Webber and the Lyrics of Tim Rice makes us want to look into the real `` herstory '' of Evita and find out who this woman really was . When I got home from my road trip , I started reading all I could about the real Eva Peron , the romantic story of her 33 year lifetime . It seems that the movie capitalizes on aspects of the story that are historically uncertain . There is disagreement over whether it was actually through her romantic involvement with a tango singer that she first came to Buenos Aires.But when Madonna sings `` Buenos Aires '' , you can feel the pulsing of the big apple in a young girl 's veins . The beat is contagious and the lyrics are enlivening , even more so since it is presented as a flashback , just after you witness the death of Evita and the ensuing despair of a nation in the beginning of the show . You feel the despair in the haunting orchestral strains of `` Requiem for Evita '' . Banderas 's cynical character Che is introduced in `` Oh What a Circus '' , in which he begins his roll of the antagonist making fun of and criticizing Evita . His character is based upon the revolutionary Che Guevara . With his presence on the scene I agree with other reviewers who have said that the show does n't sway us toward any particular viewpoint about Eva Peron . Again , I think it makes us want to know her . When she asks '' . . where am I going to ? '' in `` Another Suitcase in Another Hall '' , we feel Madonna 's character foreshadowing the coming events of her life . `` Goodnight and Thank You '' is a sadly hilarious number inwhich Che is singing to all the men that Eva has used in her quest forpower . To Senor Jabon who found her a spot on the `` sound radio '' hesings : `` We 'll think of you every time she 's on the airWe 'd love you to stayBut you 'd be in the waySo do up your trousers and go . `` When Evita -LRB- Madonna -RRB- answers with the chorus of `` Oh , but its sad when a love affair dies '' , the sweet resonance of her voice ironically wins us over again.In `` The Lady 's Got Potential '' , Che sings the chilling narrative of Eva as social climber attending a fund raising concert staged by military coup leader Juan Peron who is using an earthquake as a means of solidifying his power base . This sets the stage for the two to meet.The following number , `` I 'd be Surprisingly Good For You '' is one of the highlights of this whole soundtrack of surprisingly good music . It depicts the first meeting between Eva and Juan Peron , and it is one of the most beautiful falling in love songs I 've ever heard , calling forth the memories or the fantasies of falling in love with a stranger and having him or her fall in love with you.So the story continues with many more surprisingly gripping musical numbers . You become engrossed in the story of this power hungry but loveable woman . You ca n't help but wonder if the early decay of her physical body is a reflection of the self hatred she feels as a result of her self indulgence disguised as savior of the poor and suffering.A lot of reviewers have compared Madonna in all sorts of waysto the female leads in the earlier productions , such as Patti Lupone inthe original Broadway cast , and Elaine Paige of the original Londoncast . They all raise valid points . But I think Madonna isgreat in this role . You can almost feel a parallel between Madonnaand Evita as being women who used their female charms to rise to thepinnacle of power . One became a corrupt `` spiritual leader of anation '' , the other a pop icon . When Madonna sings in `` RainbowHigh '' : `` I came from the peopleThey need to adore meSo Christian Dior meFrom my head to my toesI need to be dazzling `` It almost reminds you of Madonna 's Material Girl days.There are many versions of this excellent show , including a new Londonproduction that opened in 2006 with an Argentine lead , Elena Roger.All the versions are great . The show is a masterpiece of musicaltheatre , and would probably be fun to listen to different versions andfind your favorite . But it was the music of theMadonna/Banderas/Pryce production that got me interested in checking outthe other ones , and learning about Argentine history . I highlyrecommend this 2 CD set , as I have yet to stop listening to and singingthe songs from it .
 This is a great cd ! I love everything about it . I like it because I love the singers on this cd . My favorite songs are
 I 'm not a big fan of Modonna , but she is the living musical incarnation of Eva Peron in the film and soundtrack . Her range is n't quite up to the task , but somehow it only enhances the overall effect . You really believe she believes she 's helping Argentina with her antics . Brilliant . Antonio Banderas is wonderful as Che , his accent is thick , but again , I really feel it enhances the overall believablity of his performance . The music itself is of course absolute genius . I would recommend this soundtrack to anyone who enjoys contemporary musicals .
 I KNOW ALOT OF YOU HATE MADONNA JUST BECAUSE SHE IS MADONNA . I HAVE BEEN A LIFE LONG FAN AND EVEN I WAS KINDA IFEY ABOUT HER DOING THIS BUT THIS IS A LADY MADE OF SHEER DETERMINATION TO DO THINGS RIGHT . SHE WORKED LIKE A MAD WOMEN TO GET HER VOICE IN CHECK AND SHE DID A GREAT JOB . SHE HAS NEVER SOUNDED BETTER . SHE HITS NOTES ON THIS SOUNDTRACK THAT I NEVER COULD IMAGINE HER DOING . NO SHE ISNT BROADWAY TRAINED LIKE THE ORIGINAL STAGE VETS BUT SHE DOES A FANTASTIC JOB . I LUV THE ORIGINAL ASWELL BUT SHE DOES ADD A CERTAIN EMOTION THAT WAS MISSING FROM PATTI AND JULIES PERFORMANCES . SHE EVEN WAS TRAINED BY PATTI LUPONES VOICE TEACHER . SO YOU HATERS JUST OPEN YOUR MINDS A LITTLE AND GET PASS THE POP ICON THING . THE GIRL DOES HAVE TALENT .
 For those who think Madonna made it on sex alone and no talent , listen to this sountrack . Madonna trained hard for this role , and the evidence is on film and on compact disc . Her voice has never sounded better . While she 'll never be Streisand or Eder , Madonna delivers on this CD . She IS Evita . Her vocals breathe life into this biography of Eva Peron , deftly exhibit the character 's heartache and hedonism . Choice cuts are `` You Must Love Me , '' `` Rainbow High '' and of course `` Do n't Cry for Me Argentina . '' No one could have asked for a better performance .
 At first when I saw the movie , I thought what the heck had I just seen ? All these people who keep singing and singing non-stop and this central figure , a woman by the name of Eva Duarte/Peron ... I came out of the cinema utterly disappointed . But then I had a revelation the next day when I went to school , my friend told me that Evita was actually a MUSICAL . Not having a single clue what a musical was , I did a bit of research myself and found out that the composer was Andrew Lloyd Webber and the lyricist , Tim Rice , both big names in the business I was told . So with this info in mind and a short synopsis of the film , I marched into the cinema again and watched Evita again but this time , I finally understood what the whole show was about . I mean , I was crying at the end of the show when the windows of Evita 's room became darkened ... I was devastated . Most of the songs in the show stuck on me like superglue especially that `` Eyes , hair , mouth , make-up '' bit and I was humming them when the show ended so I rushed to the nearest CD shop and bought this recording . Upon arrival at my home , I listened eagerly to the first disc on my discman and wow , was I blown away . I got to understand the story a bit better by following the lyrics and playing the songs repeatedly , something you ca n't do at the cinema or theater . The lyrics are compelling most of the time but at some points you really can not fathom the use of certain lyrics.Madonna 's vocal performance is awesome , I believe she performed best on the recording than any of her previous or later recordings since the role of Evita required extensive vocal range and was demanding both vocally and acting-wise . She is great in all her big numbers but `` Do n't cry for me Argentina '' and `` You must love me '' must receive special attention . Through Madonna 's husky yet fragile voice , we feel Evita 's unfailing attempts to garner the people 's acceptance of her and of Peron as well and we sympathise with her plights.Antonio Banderas and Jonathan Pryce shine wonderfully in their respective roles and who ever knew our budding Zorro could actually sing and quite well at that ! -LRB- Though I still believe he is totally wrong for the role of the Phantom -RRB- The ensemble cast used in the crowds and aristocracy have a wonderful big chorus feel to them and all of them look and act quite well as the Argentine citizens . When they cried at Eva 's death , I cried with them ... Great cast & great music -LRB- very lush orchestrations -RRB- . A wonderful combination . However , to get the ultimate Evita experience , get this recording first , then the London cast and then the Broadway cast . Or just buy them all !
 Madonna hit all the right notes on this terrific soundtrack to the sorely underappreciated `` Evita '' movie the soundtrack in brilliant and Madonna 's voice is out of this world . Madonna 's really told this project serious and what came out is some really great music . Madonna 's version of `` Do n't Cry For Me Argentina '' and `` A New Argentina '' are outstanding ! Putting her voice to the test and passing with flying colors . The ever catchy `` Buenos Aires '' ended up being a dance hit , but then again which Madonna song has n't been a dance hit . And then there is `` You Must Love Me '' , where Madonna showcase amazing vocal presence , this is one song you can feel the emotion , experince the pain in Madonna 's voice , this a very powerful song . Madonna has every reasong to be proud of her `` Evita '' projects , the soundtrack is excellent the movie was worth seeing and she now has a Golden Globe to prove it , and critical acclaim for this soundtrack . A +
 I do n't know why all of the other people do n't like this soundtrack , but it is wonderful ! The songs are catchy and fun to sing along to . I have all the words memorized ! It is a great cd , buy it !
 Every time I listen to this soundtrack I am more and more impressed by the orchestrations done by Andrew Lloyd Webber and David Cullen . One of the nicest things about turning a Broadway musical into a Hollywood film is that you finally have a full studio orchestra playing the music instead of just the musicians you can afford to stuff into the orchestra pit in the theater . Even so , the original cast album of `` Evita '' did feature a full string section on `` Do n't Cry For Me Argentina . '' But the added orchestration on this soundtrack is absolutely awesome and it is not just a question of having more instruments . Some of my appreciation is for the little things I notice in the background , such as the castanets that pop up in `` Oh What a Circus , '' the flutes in the intro to `` Goodnight and Thank You , '' and the honky-tonk piano in `` The Lady 's Got Potential . '' Apparently Lloyd Webber thought about this a lot during all those years `` Evita '' was in pre-production . The credits say Cullen provided `` Additional Orchestrations , '' so there is some question of who actually gets credit for what , but wherever the line of demarcation falls this is as nice a job of adapting a musical to film that you will ever hear.The vocal liabilities of the singers are much more noticeable on the CD than they are when you are watching the film . Madonna has never been a particularly strong singer , but power has never been the key to her performance anyhow . I keep getting the feeling she is falling behind the pace on the fast songs , particularly `` Eva Beware of the City , '' which only highlights her strength in the slower numbers and from that perspective she pretty much nails `` Do n't Cry For Me Argentina , '' which is the one song she has to nail . Of course , there are the inevitable comparisons to Patti LuPone , and I have to wonder if I think Madonna 's best effort is on `` You Must Love Me '' because it is more suited to her vocal stylings than LuPone or because I never heard anybody else sing that particular song . But then the first time I heard `` Do n't Cry For Me Argentina '' Karen Carpenter sang it with opera singers doing the intro part , so there . Similarly , Antonio Banderas does not have the same impact as he does on film , where his expressive looks and gestures provide so much of the nuance of his meaning in singing any given line -LRB- e.g. , `` On What a Circus '' -RRB- . Jonathan Pryce really does not have all that much to sing in this show , but his few moments certainly match the emotion tenor of each scene -LRB- e.g. , `` She is a Diamond '' -RRB- . Jimmy Nail sounds -LRB- and looks -RRB- to young to be Evita 's ticket out of the sticks , even though he is technically the best singer in the group -LRB- `` On This Night of a Thousand Stars '' -RRB- . However , the additional vocalists are all obviously younger than the actors lip-syncing in the film , so at least there is consistency.All this being said , I have to say I do not think it incredibly strange than when I listen to this album at home I tend to put on the DVD rather than the CD . Not only do I get to see the visual dimension that is so important to these performances , but the beautiful cinematography . Besides , the deathbed sequences were done live so what was recorded for the CD was never used in the film . However , whenever I listen to the disc it is the
 I am/was in the play Evita for our Community and I have to say , this is the best music ever!I listen to this CD 24-7 ! I love the movie and I think that everyone who is interested in musicials or if you like them go out and buy this CD it 's the best ever ! I have all of the different copies of the Evita soundtrack including the Broadway version but this tops them all !
 While I am no particular fan of musicals , Madonna 's version of EVITA won me over . While she will never be compared vocally to Patty Lapone , she had the built-in moxie and wicked charm to make the Eva-connection and bridge any deficit of vocal talent.I especially appreciate the contributions of Antonio Banderas and Jimmy Nail , who are both energetic singers and make great partners in the drama . I hope they continue making successful films of this genre.So , thanks Madonna for making me see that there is more to music than the 2-minute-plus single . Keep it up , if you 're allowed .
 When I first saw this movie , I was like whoa . I thought it was the greatest ! So when it came out on CD i just had to have it . I still listen to it ALL the time ! The Madanna has a fantastic voice , along with other spectacular singers !
 When I first saw this movie , I was like whoa . I thought it was the greatest ! So when it came out on CD i just had to have it . I still listen to it ALL the time ! The Madanna has a fantastic voice , along with other spectacular singers !
 `` Evita , '' the soundtrack to the film version of the musical play , is noteworthy for a number of reasons . But one of the aspects of this double CD that most intrigues me is the fact that we have a contemporary cultural icon -LRB- Madonna -RRB- portraying another cultural icon from an earlier generation -LRB- Eva Peron , the late First Lady of Argentina -RRB- . But that curious fact aside , this double CD is an excellent collection of music . The emotionally rich music of Andrew Lloyd Webber , the illuminating lyrics of Tim Rice , and the performances of a fine cast -LRB- principally Madonna , Antonio Banderas , Jonathan Pryce , and Jimmy Nail -RRB- come together splendidly.The story of Eva `` Evita '' Peron unfolds like a classic tragedy
 It 's great . Madonna did an excellent job . Everyone on this cd did a great job .
 I absolutly loved this piece . The second CD was much better than the first . I think that Madonna as much grief she got for doing this I really liked her voice in it . She gave enough emotion . I really liked Jonathon Pyrce in this . He added a nice touch to all of the songs . I like anything that Andrew Lloyd Webber does , especially this one .
 I just heard the Broadway recording of this musical and now I know why I decided to by the movie score . IT IT AMAZING !!!! Madonna has truly shined as Eva Peron and Antonio Banderas has shown a side of himself we did n't know was there . This has got to be the finest recording of Evita out on the market . I ca n't understand why Madonna was not nominated . This is truly a wonderful CD , I highly suggest you get this instead of the Broadway recording.Way to go Madonna !!! All hail the first lady of Argentina , Evita Peron !!
 I have this whole album memorized and absolutely love it ! Madonna sings her best ever and banderas is great !
 Madonna is the best singer on this cd . Her singing and voice is so angelic . The rest of the cast is superb .
 Evita was the first political musical that I 've seen . I went because of two reasons . Firstly , I wanted to see if Madonna could pull this off . Also , I was kind of curious to see why there 's a big outcry as some people wanted the film banned.After watching Evita and listening to the CD , I was rather shocked . Here they are , depicting Eva Peron as a woman who traded sexual favors to get to the top -LRB- Goodnight And Thank You -RRB- . Alone in a big city with no family and friends , I mean what 's a girl to do in a world controlled by men ? Another assertion in Waltz For Eva And Che was that her rivals were `` cut up or simply disappear '' referring to Eva 's abuse of power as First Lady.My jaw dropped further when Eva threw herself at the presidential hopeful Juan Peron -LRB- I 'd Be Surprisingly Good For You -RRB- and her demands for designer clothes `` so Christian Dior me '' -LRB- Rainbow High -RRB- . At times , I felt sorry for her when she was snubbed by the wealthy elite in The Actress Has n't Learned The Lines -LRB- You 'd Like To Hear -RRB- . I remember that the CD was really compelling and engrossing . And the singing was top notch . Did Madonna pull it off ? She did , with plenty of aplomb . High Flying , Adored , Do n't Cry For Me Argentina and Another Suitcase In Another Hall are songs that you do not expect the Erotica singer to do so well . I 'm completely surprised . The piece de resistance is the tailor made for Madonna tearjerker , You Must Love Me which she sings with much heartbreaking conviction .
 The Evita Soundtrack is a wonderful and huge collection of broadway songs from the motion picture . Madonna has a great and emotional voice but I always thought Madge was a fabulous singer . Antonio Banderas has great chops as well , who knew ? You will love this soundtrack , it 's lively , moving , and pure broadway . Enjoy !
 I 'm not any sort of expert of musicals but all I know is I really enjoyed this when it came out and years later I still find myself whistling Evita songs every other day . It is memorable music and this movie/soundtrack is done in a very entertaining way regardless of how faithful it is to the original . The story itself is good but ultimately does n't really interest me and I 'm not a fan of Madonna or Antonio Whats-his-name , and Latin American politics is n't the most fascinating setting for a story , but dammit ... this is just a good soundtrack and rarely is a story ever told so well with such a diverse array of music . Plus unlike many soundtracks that skip songs this one is literally THE sound track to the musical . I pushed play on the CD once while the DVD was playing and it was synchronized .
 There is no way we can compare Madonna to previous performers . The key here is to enjoy , sit and watch a talented performer singing her heart out in the role of Evita ... It 's not who , it 's the story , and the story is so beautifully told ... At 62 , my opinion of Madonna was ... er , nil ? But , after seeing this movie , the woman has true ability ... along with Jonathan Pryce and Antonio Banderas . A movie worth watching . . If I could give it 6 stars , I would .
 this was a great buy , i was very pleased and madonna was great !
 The story is so depressing that it almost makes me cry , but I suppose that 's a mark of a good performance if the singers can produce such emotion in the listener ! Madonna is wonderful , of course , but Jonathan Pryce has a nice voice , too , and Antonio Banderas is fantastic ! Who 'd a thunk it ? My favorite songs would have to be `` Oh ! What a Circus '' , `` Do n't Cry for Me Argentina '' , and `` Rainbow High '' . I once heard that Antonio Banderas was being considered for a new screen version of `` Phantom of the Opera '' and at the time I thought that was nuts , but after hearing him on this album and seeing him in the movie , I think it 's a good idea ! -LRB- Except I think he has to try to train some of the accent out of his voice , first ... -RRB-
 If you 're like me , then you probably find cast recordings of Evita long and drawn out . Well I 've found that this recording flows very smoothly and the music has a nice , slightly updated sound to it . I hear a lot of die hard Evita fans critisice and insult the film version and Modanna and Antonio 's talent , but the fact is , this is a good recording and the stars do a fine job
 A lot of people have problems with Madonna in the title role of Evita , as opposed to the indisputably better singer , Patti Lupone , and Antonio Banderas as Che . One needs to realize that singing is not the only thing that makes a production work . * Acting * should also be a priority , and I do n't think there is anyone better qualified for those roles than Madonna and Banderas.Madonna may not have the range of LuPone , but she has a very sweet voice , sounding very Evita-like indeed , that can be used both to charm -LRB- ` I 'd Be Surprisingly Good For You ' -RRB- and to fight -LRB- ` New Argentina ' and ` Hello and Goodbye ' -RRB- . LuPone may be an excellent singer , but she could not make me believe she was Evita . She came off as too old , putting too much strain in her voice , and generally sounding like a grandmother as opposed to the woman that seduced Argentina 's most influential men . Also , she had no grasp of a real Spanish accent whatsoever , something that -LRB- because I live in a highly latino area -RRB- makes me wince to hear.Banderas did a superb job as Che , and showed the world that he has a voice to match his looks . Although I was sceptical when I learned that Banderas would be the lead male , I was pleasantly surprised by his performance . He brings a vitality to the role that the original Broadway Che could n't . In addition to his powerful accent , the dark bitterness in his voice during certain songs -LRB- ` Waltz for Eva and Che ' and ` What a Circus ' -RRB- draws one into the storyline better than the light , impersonal tenor of Mandy Patinkin.While purists insist that the better singing makes the Original Broadway cast better , I prefer the personality and emotion in the movie soundtrack .
 There are two soundtracks for this movie , get this one . Yes , it is a bit more expensive , but if you want to get the full expierience of an incredible soundtrack with even more incredible talent performing it , then this is an absoute must !
 THIS IS THE ENTIRE MOVIE OF EVITA . WHEN I ORIGINALLY WENT TO THE MOVIE I EXPECTED TO BE ENTERTAINED . WHAT IT DID WAS FURNISH ME WITH AN EDUCATION ABOUT THE LIFE OF EVA PERRON . ANTONIO BANDERAS SERVES AS A GREAT ANTI-ADVOCATE .
 I think that this Evita thing is the tightest stuff that has happened to music since the Beetles . Madonna does a brilliant job of singing in this dramatic role as Evita , first lady of Argentina . Antonio Benderas puts on a spectacular performance as the narrator . I think that everybody should listen to this CD collection , because it would add some tightness to your house . Amazon.com rocks !!!!
 The music from this great Broadway show is great but some of the people who sing it in the movie just do n't capture the magic of the songs . Antonio Banderas for instance , his singing voice sounds too much like he is talking . His voice sounds Argentina but his voice just does n't sound good singing the music from Evita . Madonna did a great job , her voice seems to be made to fit the role of Maria Eva Duarte de Peron . Evita is a contriversal subject , was she the Santa Evita she appeared to be at the time or just the devil in diguise . Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice did a fantastic job of capturing both sides of this great mystery .
 I think Evita is the best music piece ever . Madonna and Antonio Banderas are the best Evita and Che . This musical is probably the only one where I listen to EVERYTHING . Even tracks like `` A Cinema in Bueonos Aires '' even though it is not even music .
 Although I am fond of the Julie Covington version of Evita , there are just some moment 's in the soundtrack version that just are n't there in the Covington one . Che on the Covington version has a the same tone and emotion for every song . Antonio Banderas masters emotion ranging and is a much better singer . As for Madonna and Julie , Madonna is probably not as practiced as Julie but her voice can sound more natural . Although I love the 1976 version of Evita with Julie I think that this soundtrack version is better .
 I 'm normally not a fan of musicals . I like heavy rock but I love Evita . Madonna can sing all kinds of styles and she is great !
 For those who know Madonna as the punky , big-haired rock and roll girl from the 80 's or her spiritual , Queen of the Druids style of the 90 's , you will be blown away by this cd . It is absolutely a style that she has not done to death . It is her masterpiece . Andrew Lloyd Webers musical is stirring and very powerful .
 Evita is my favorite Andrew Lloyd Webber musical and one of my all time favorite pieces of music ever . It is so strong and powerful . Madonna and Antonio Banderas surprised me with their grand and beautiful voices .
 I normally do n't like this kind of music but I really enjoyed `` Evita ! '' It was surprisingly good for me and it will be `` surprisingly good for you . ''
 Even if you are not a Madonna fan you will definitely love her on this cd . She shows that she is a really talented singer and she can do a wide range of styles . The songs by Weber have very nice melodies . The lyricist , Tim Rice , does an exceptional job and comes up with the wittiest lyrics around . You can never get tired of this musical !!
 Okay , first things first
 All I can say is wow ! I love this soundtrack . The casting is superb and all of the songs are fabulous : the first cd upbeat and fun and the second haunting and sad especially near eva 's death . When I first saw the movie in 1996 , I loved it ! I was n't able to get the soundtrack until a while later but it was worth the wait.The music direction is incredible ! I never skip over any songs and I never get tired of listening to it ! It 's perfect for anything -- in the morning , for sad or happy times , to listen to while you are working etc. . I love singing to it and my friends are seriously sick of hearing from me about how great it is and having me let them borrow my cd so they can see for themselves . This is my dream role and Madonna does a fabulous job portraying Eva , as well as Antonio Banderas as Che and Jonathon Pryce as Peron . And for all of those people out there who say Madonna does n't have talent , they obviously have n't seen or listened to evita because she has a beautiful voice as well as acting talent in this role . She was very worthy of winning the golden globe.And who knew Antonio Baderas had such a fabulous voice ! I love the way he portrays his character . These songs make me smile and cry when I sing them and whenever I hear the complete soundtrack I relive the life of Eva again and again !
 With 6 Oscar nominations and 1 win -LRB- with the Original Song `` You Must Love Me '' -RRB- at the 69th annual Academy Awards , this movie is a genuine hit . Great lyrics set to great orchestration by Andrew Lloyd Webber opened the doors for Madonna and Antonio Banderes to take the show . I reccomend this album and the movie !
 I Think that all Evita 's fans will love this CD because the orchestra here is superb . Madonna plays the role very well as Pryce and Banderas do . A CD you can hear 1000 times and still love it !
 I love it ! My favroite song is the 2nd one in disk two called , '' Do n't Cry for me Argentina ! '' I think It 's the best recodings ever .
 SIMPLY THE BEST
 This album has everything a person could want in a cd
 This is probably the preferred version of Evita . The singers on this cd can actually sing unlike the broadway cast where Evita-supposed to be a young and beautiful girl-sounds like a 90 year old hag and has a terrible voice . The singers sing as if they are really the characters . The best songs are
 I ordered the sound tracks for the film Evita since the 1st of Dec. '07 I am still waiting for it to be delivered . I have been a long time customer of Amazon and I 've never had any problems with deliveries before . The item ordered was meant to be a Christmas present . Since it 's not here where is it ? I need an answer please ... P.S Happy New Year to you all.Chas >> >> >
 I will start off by assuring you that I am a rather large Lloyd Webber fan . I think his music is absolutely brilliant and beautiful . Phantom remains the best musical in my heart . I own many collections of his work , and I own this album as well.I love the orchestrations on this album . They are , like , for example , Lloyd Webber 's 2004 Phantom movie , strong , full , and breathtaking . Listening to `` Do n't Cry For Me Argentina '' and `` Lament '' gave me goosebumps -LRB- as well as a few tears -RRB- because the amazing orchestra performs perfectly in tune with each other and achieves what a 25 or so piece theater orchestra simply can not . It is like this throughout the entire album -LRB- which is , of course , long -RRB- . If you want an Evita soundtrack solely for the orchestrations , I recommend this wholeheartedly.That 's probably not the only reason you want it , of course . If you 're looking for spectacular vocals for Evita , take a moment to , if not reconsider , think a little . Antonio Banderas is very good , as usual , and I think he fits the role of Che very well . He is occasionally weak and sometimes overpowered by the orchestra -LRB- for whom I 've already expressed great admiration -RRB- , but this is easily forgiven . He is technically great and his voice has a great quality and smoothness to it . So for Che , Banderas does well . I am , if you had n't guessed , a Banderas fan outside of this as well , so that may make me biased.Jonathon Pryce is also very good . It 's hard , having seen this after Pirates of the Carribean , not to think of his character in that . But his vocal performance aids in taking your mind from that character to Peron . His voice and performance is very good.Now for Madonna ... -LRB- and yes , those are 3 periods -RRB- I 'm not entirely sure how I feel about her . As a singer , solely , she 's just fine -LRB- voice-wise , I 'm not getting into her personal character or the quality of her other music -RRB- , but in the highly demanding vocal role of Eva she just does n't hit it -LRB- and sometimes literally , for she does not possess the range that this role needs . She can not belt out the high notes , nor hit the low , as in `` Rainbow High '' where she speaks the final lines -RRB- . One of her highlights is `` Waltz for Eva and Che '' which , though it 's not my favorite song , boasts of her strongest performance . Another , more important criticism -LRB- cos let 's face it , thinking along the lines of Gerry Butler in Phantom , you do n't necessarily have to hit every note to make the character -RRB- , is the fact that she puts very little real emotion into voice on many of the tracks . Often she is simply singing the words instead of acting them and this is where she lost my real attention . I mean , it 's one thing to become soft where you 'd been loud , but the words themselves must . be . acted . `` Do n't Cry For Me Argentina '' , an incredibly well-known song , is a perfect example of Madonna 's lack of real ability to play this character . I 've heard many amazing performances of this song and , to be frank , hers is nowhere NEAR them.Therefore , if you 're looking for an orchestrational masterpiece of Evita , BUY THIS . The music is beautiful . If you can get over slower tempos than may be usual and weaker vocals than should be expected , then this album is for you . It 's probably opposite with the Broadway or London recordings . I recommend this but , as I said , it 's for the music .
 If Madonna released this as her studio album -LRB- only has songs performed by her -RRB- , this would have been a huge sucess , she has enough songs to do it : Dont Cry For Me ArgentinaYou Must Love MeAnother Suitcase In Another HallBenous Aires ... and If only `` You Must Love Me '' could be the Video Version , that would be perfect !!! Madonna 's voice at the best !!!
 Middle-class girl , can act a bit , moves to the big city , climbs up the ladder and over a few men , sets her sights on nothing less than worldwide fame , does anything and everything to make that happen , and makes sure everyone in her life works toward the same goal . EVITA is , of course , the autobiography of Madonna . Or , at the very least , the story of Argentina 's controversial populist hero Eva Peron is the role of Madonna 's life . Say what you want about how well she acts it , but this lush pop-rock soundtrack is hard digital proof that she was born to sing it . Completely giving herself over to the role -- the one thing her critics doubted she could everdo -- Madonna turns in a vocal performance that may well surpass that on any of her own records.Madonna also , not surprisingly , dominates this soundtrack . She sings some parts , including the sad ballad `` Another Suitcase In Another Hall , '' that were n't written for the role of Eva Peron ; and Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber , who won a slew of Tony Awards for the 1979 Broadway version of `` Evita , '' have given her a new ballad , `` You Must Love Me , '' that works equally well as an anthem for either Madonna or Peron . Actor Antonio Banderas , following up his small singing role in the movie `` Desperado , '' proves a more-than-capable Che Guevara .
 I can not compare this music to the Broadway production since I have never seen it . I can not compare it to anything , but what I can say is that the music is so varied and flavorful that you never get tired of listening to it . The composition is incredible . I belive that the voices of Madonna and Banderas are instuments that punctuate and dress this music . My children are three and four years old . They will listen to this music before they will listen to Old McDonald or Elmo . They love beautiful music . The guitar , the chorus , the variety , the story , . . just everything about it makes it worth every penny .
 I think this soundtrack is so awesome ! I love the movie to pieces . Madonna is perfect for the role as Evita , and Banderas is great for Che ! I was so amazed when I saw this movie . I love Sir Webber 's music , but this blew me away ! If you have n't seen the movie or listened to the soundtrack , I say do so ! My favorites are `` Rainbow High '' , `` Oh What A circus '' , `` Eva and Migaldi/Eva Beware of the City '' , and `` Lament '' . But all of the songs are wonderful ! Listen to it if you have the chance !
 I have listened to so many musicals and this is by far the best one yet . I was a little reluctant to see this movie because I was n't sure Madonna would do the best job of playing the role of Eva Peron . I was wrong . She did very well and I am now going to get the soundtrack with her voice . I love all the songs . I ca n't believe that there is n't one that I do n't like . They are all so different than what I am used to hearing . Eva Peron was such an extraordinary person . I am glad that the musical about her has become such a success !
 Before I listenend to this cd I used to think that the version with Julie Covington as Evita was the definitive version of Andrew Lloyd Weber 's greatest musical . I quickly changed my mind however , after listening to this set for two minutes . When I went back to listen to the older one I realized how much Madonna is better than Julie Covington . The arrangements of the songs are more sophisticated and stronger . John Mauceri is an excellent conductor conducting an excellent orchestra . On the Julie Covington version the background music sounds like it is performed by a cheap synthesizer . The songs are so wonderful that they are able to touch every emotion inside of you . `` Peron 's Lates Flame '' is funny . `` Bueonos Aires '' is energetic and fun . `` High Flying , Adored '' is very stirring , and all the other songs are absolutely perfect . Knowing alot about Argentine history I could n't have picked a better cast to portray Eva , Che , Peron , and Magaldi . This cd is magic !!! You 'll get hooked once you listen to it for a minute . I ca n't say enough about this marvelous cd . Long Live Evita ! Long Live Evita ! Long Live Evita !
 When I first popped this double CD into my player , I was engrossed . I found myself listening to it over and over again . The movie based on Webber 's Broadway Play far surpasses the original broadway score . The melodies and instrumentation are hauntingly beautiful and make the listener feel the haughty emotion and dirty sleaze of the rags-to-riches life of Eva Duarte de Peron . What can I say about Madonna ? She is one of the all time divas of popular music and this cross-over has proven a good move . She breathes new life into the character which benefits from Madonna 's power of presence . Madonna 's powerful vocals are only enhanced by Antonio Banderas ' Latin style . Who knew that this hulking `` Desperado '' could sing ! Banderas has definately made a name for himself with his appearance in this movie , and immaculate singing and interpretation of the humerous chorusman , Che . The arrangement of the music just shows what a genius Andrew Lloyd Webber truly is . The CD features everything from classical Spanish guitar to a lamenting Ave Maria-esque dirge featuring a 100-strong choir . I recommend this set to anyone , whether you 're a fan of musical theatre , film score , Madonna -LRB- actress or pop star -RRB- , classical music or if you just like a CD who 's music will live a long time .
 Over the years Andrew Lloyd Webber has made many musicals , some more successful and appealing to the public than the others . Most people will , however , agree that `` Evita '' remains one of his most satisfying works to this date . Numerous reasons confirm this statement . Just like in its predecessor `` Jesus Christ Superstar '' , `` Evita '' is almost entirely sung-through ; the lyrics are witty and appropriate ; the subject matter is again a personality larger-than-life who rises from obscurity and dies at the peak of its fame , thus becoming a legend ; the score is captivating and appealing to the listener , at home or in the theatre.And yet the road to the movie version of Evita was a rocky one
 There are two types of reviewers for this album
 Listening to Madonna 's `` Evita '' Complete Motion Picture Music Soundtrack evokes the same feeling that one gets when watching the movie
 I have never been a fan of the Material Girl but a fan of Evita so I just had to see this . I expected to hate it . Instead , I bought the CD on the way out from returning the DVD rental -LRB- bought that too . -RRB- Madonna and Banderas were both at their peak in this movie . If you had not seen the play , you would never notice that they had to adjust the octave for her . At that moment , she WAS Evita . Banderas was excellent as Che , but he was no Mandy Patinkin ... adding softness to a role that Patinkin had made a bit more -LRB- realistically -RRB- bitter . The two Ches truly compliment each other , coming to the role with very different viewpoints . -LRB- In fact , I own both the Original American Recording as well as this one and will play them back to back . -RRB- Jonathan Pryce as Juan Peron also adds his touch to a role , making me want to cry with him when he learns his wife will die and that he in fact truly loves her . Jimmy Nail has a limited role but takes full advantage of it.Buy the CD , but rent the DVD at least once to get visuals on `` Waltz of Eva and Che '' . You wo n't regret the image of Che and Eva dancing around , instead of with , each other when you listen to the music in the future .
 `` Evita '' is the story of Eva Peron , wife of the dictator Juan Peron . The music is by Andrew Lloyd Webber and the -LRB- majority of the -RRB- lyrics are by Tim Rice . `` Evita '' was originally was staged back in 1978 , but now has been revived into a motion picture with Madonna , Antonio Bandares , and Jonathon Pryce , whom all sing wonderfully on this beautiful soundtrack!Many people would probably be interested in this . First of all , Madonna fans should definitely have this by now . Secondly , Antonio Bandares fans should pick up a copy too , even though I did n't particularly care for him in this project . Thirdly , Andrew Lloyd Webber fans should get it for the music and for the song written for this particular version of `` Evita ''
 I admit it , I 'm not a Madonna fan , however being a lover of the musical theater , I have to say I was impressed with her in Evita and fell in love with the music . If you liked the movie , get the soundtrack , it 's as simple as that .
 This film and soundtrack are absolutely amazing ! Madonna is amazing as the rising star Eva Peron from her restless days in youth to her last words holding tightly the hand of Juan Peron . Johnathan Pryce is an amazing Peron and it 's wonderful to know he has had American exposure , being a wonderful actor in the West End . The music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice are addictive and wonderful . Also a small note , the lead singer to the well known band `` The Corrs '' Andrea Corr has a small part in this film as one of Peron 's flames .
 This CD is one of the best albums ever made . Madonna is fantastic . I became a fan of Madonna 's because of this movie . I never liked Madonna until I watched Evita . I love the song Buenos Aires by Madonna . I also love Do n't Cry For Me Argentina . I have listened to this CD over 20 times . I know the words by heart . If you have not seen Evita go to Blockbuster Video and rent it . I also became a fan of Eva Peron 's once I watched this movie . I strongly suggest watching this fantastic movie . You will not be sorry . There are some great songs here .
 This is a masterpiece . Everything is as it should be . Madonna may not have been the first woman to play Eva , but she is the woman who finally did Eva justice . Everyone else that played her played it bitchy the whole time . Madonna allowed herself to be soft and sentimental when it was needed , such as the beautiful , soaring ballads `` Do n't Cry for Me Argentina , '' `` Another Suitcase in Another Hall , '' and `` Eva 's Final Broadcast . '' Maybe it was just because she was pregnant at the time , but it was the most fragile and sweet I 've ever seen her . She did it beautifully . She played it nasty and bitchy on the songs were it was needed like `` Good Night and Thank You . `` And Antonio ... mmm ... let 's put it this way
 I loved the movie EVITA and rented it so many times , the movie store eventually sold it to me . The songs are upbeat and there 's a variety , so it kept my attention . Banderas and Madonna made a great pair !
 Although this is a great CD , I think the CD with one disk is enough . This one gets a bit boring .
 This is my favorite cd and I am always so sad when it ends . I think Madonna is the best Evita , Antonio Banderas portrays the best Che , Jonathan Pryce is the best Peron , and Jimmy Nail is the best Magaldi . Madonna 's singing is much more mellow and peaceful than Patti LuPones hoarse screaming and shouting . Antonio Banderas sings surprisingly well and the rest of the cast is terrific !
 Operatic music is Andrew Llyodd Webber 's trademark and shows in ` Evita ' , ` Phantom of the Opera , The ' ands ` Cats ' . Andrew ` smusic REALLY ia amaing and brings the best out of those who never thought they even HAD a near Operatic voice -LRB- like Madonna -RRB- . All the songs off the ` Evita ' soundtrack are funny , emotional , and tour-de-force . The fusion of Opera with Latin , RocknRoll , and Alternatif music is spot-on . Madonna ' voice REALLY is lovely on this album -LSB- which includes her idividual songs ` You Must Love Me ' and ` Do n't Cry for Me Argentina ' along with the others she sings with Antonio and Jonathan -RSB- It shows that she had an amazing voice after all.Antonio and Jonathan both have lovely singing voices and show that they are n't just talented actors -LRB- especially Antonio -RRB- . Overall , the soundtrack is stellar and enjoyable to listen to.I promise you , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Exactly what I ordered and in excellent condition . Did n't want to pay full price and was pleasantly surprised . Not crazy about Madonna , however you have to admit she has incredible talent in the movie and music
 Relaxing and entertaining - an evening of culture , good company , good music and a great show - for the ears of middle brows .
 Love the music , had lost my original CD hence I wanted to purchase it again , not the same as `` downloading ''
 A great movie -LRB- of a great show . -RRB- Madonna and Anthony Bandares are better than the original cast . Exciting production .
 Firstly , this recording of Evita was very well made . Most everything from the movie is here , except some orchestral sections -LRB- like the end credits -RRB- . The orchestral arrangments are quite good throughout , with more modern arrangments that make the score sound more relevant to modern audiences.Vocally , Madonna is alright , but the best part of her performance is her acting , not her voice , and is best experienced watching the movie . If you 're looking for a definitive and powerful vocal Evita , look elsewhere . Now , I 'm not really a fan of Madonna , but she performed very nicely on this recording . While I 've not seen previous Evita productions -LRB- I 'm only 25 -RRB- , I 've heard some recordings , and while Patti LuPone 's voice IS better , I personally prefer Madonna 's interpretation , even though her vocals are a little weak.Other performances are very good too , including Jonathan Pryce 's Peron and Antonio Banderas ' surprisingly good Che . His accent adds a certain authenticity to the role I enjoyed.I discovered Evita through the movie , so I did n't have previous performances etched in my head to comare this to , so I was quite impressed with this recording . In the end , this recording did precisely what it intended to , brought an amazing work of theater into the modern age to be enjoyed by a new generation .
 I heard the soundtrack before actually seeing the movie , and I was mesmerized in both experiences . Madonna was made for playing Eva Peron , and singing `` Dont Cry For Me Argentina '' ... I remember `` You Must Love Me '' released as a single . You can not get sick of that song , no matter anytime you hear it , and to this day I am still amazed at the Drama in that song.The movie is a bit long , ill admit , but everything is beautifully captured . Im watching it again this weekend !!!
 I was impressed with speed of delivery , condition of product & quality of packaging for the product.The soundtrack itself is wonderful as I saw the original movie when it came out and feel Madonna & Antonio deserved a better review than they got for their performances .
 THE SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT == THE BOOK WAS MY OPINION BUT DO NOT TAKE IT OUT ON THE SERVICER . .
 I hate to say good things about an album that Madonna might make some money from , because I think she is a filthy slut who has used any gimmick she can to make money regardless of the morals . That being said , I think her singing in this movie is a cut above her popular albums and is highly entertaining . I saw the movie and enjoyed the music so much that I had to have the album ; it 's a 2-cd album and I paid more for it than most any other album I have purchased in a long time . Keep in mind there are a lot of songs on the album that do n't have Madonna singing . The singers may not be the best , but the music is so entertaining that it makes no difference . The movie had so much dialog mixed with the music that this album could have been a disaster , but they did an excellent job of getting the flavor of the movie and using appropriate amounts of dialog with music . I think this is one of the best movie soundtracks ever done . Great editing job and all the songs from the movie seem to be here . If any were missing , I did n't notice . Not disappointing in any way . Worth hearing over and over again .
 It did well , and I have even bought it , for some strange reason I just dont not want it . . But I heard its nice to own , At 5x platinum , peak at # 2 . .
 This was a wonderful book about friendship with dogs . I highly recommend it for any views .
 I am a big Madonna fan and all , but this album is just plain horrible all the songs are really horid and resemble `` Phantom of the Opera '' or some other Broadway musical -- dont waste your money on this crap if you are a Madonna fan , buy it if you are a musical fan
 Understand that after I first heard a recording of Evita -LRB- with Patti and Mandy -RRB- , I spent six monthes obsessed with all things Eva . When I first heard that Madonna and Antonio were to star in the film version , I had mixed emotions , but decided to have an open mind.The real surprise of the production was Banderas , who more than held his own in the role , removing much of the exaggerated sarcasim accessorised by earlier Che interpretation and bringing to it a sense of irony , understanding , frustration , and even a underlying desparation to not just give Evita a dose of reality , but a hope that it somehow was n't too late for her to change her ways and make a positive change . His accent actually adds to the flavor of his voice , rather than taking away from it -LRB- nevertheless , I do n't think it would help in the role of the Phatom , which I 've heard he 's campaigning for-but he proved us wrong once before -RRB- . He is convincing as Che on the screen -LRB- he certainly looks more Argentine than Madonna , but many Argentines were of Italian descent , including Peron -LRB- i -RRB- , so who am I to say ? -RRB- , leaving a lasting impression of a true youth revolutionary
 I have not listened to the soundtrack itself , but I saw the movie , which is practically the same thing . I have to say that at first it seemed kind of out of place -LRB- the music selection for the movie -RRB- until I realized it was a musical -LRB- to all those Evita 's fans out there
 This two disc effort rules ... Madonna fits the role of Evita perfectly , and to my great surprise , Antionio Bandaras can actually sing . That is almost as big as the surprise that Madonna can really act -LRB- a surprise increased when one views her other um , wonderful movies -RRB- . Standout tracks abound here . My favorite disc is the first one , which features `` On This Night Of A Thousand Stars '' - a great track by Jimmy Nail , `` Another Suitcase In Another Hall '' , `` Santa Evita '' , `` Goodnight And Thank You '' -LRB- my favorite song on the album , a real scorcher , and `` Rainbow High . '' Other fine tracks on this album are `` You Must Love Me '' -LRB- a really nice slow ballad -RRB- , and of course , `` Do n't Cry For Me Argentina '' -LRB- though for some reason I prefer the accordian-laced fast remix played on the radio better -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong with this album ... it 's wonderful ... not a bad track , and lots of great ironic humor about Evita , much of it provided by Antionio Bandaras as Che Guevara .
 Wow , Madonna did such a wonderful job with this . I have n't heard any of the other recordings , but Madonna had real EMOTION in her voice . I have the single-cd copy , and I 'm thinking about going and buying the double one , just because it 's that good . I definitely reccommend this if you 're into musicals . Even if you are n't a Madonna fan , it 's worth it .
 Madonna and Antonio Banderas are amazing . Evita is a great musical !
 I love this soundtrack and I am not a big Madonna fan , okay I am , but in this soudtrack she is outstanding . I only wish it had the entire movie on it , but that is unrealistic . I love this soundtrack so much and I think it is amazing .
 Evita might possibly be one of the best movie soundtracks ever ! It includes most of the wonderful songs from the Broadway run . It also features Antonio Banderas -LRB- who is actually a very good singer ! -RRB- , and Madonna , which takes it from and A to and A + + + + + + + + + + + ! Andrew Lloyd Webber makes a change from the Phantom of the Opera -LRB- which is all classical opera -RRB- to a modern pop , rock , classical , opera mix . The best songs are :1 . High Flying Adored2 . Do n't Cry for me Argentina3 . The Money Kept Rolling In -LRB- and out -RRB- 4 . Rainbow High5 . Buenos Aires6 . Peron 's Latest Flame7 . The Lady 's Got Potential8 . Oh , What a Circus9 . You Must Love Me10 . LamentIf you do not own this CD and love theatre , or have seen the movie or play , you must buy it !
 I 've watched the movie so many times over the years , so when I got the soundtrack I was a little disappointed . I understand that they had to re-record the songs for sound quality , but Madonna , Jonathan , and Antonio could have tried harder to make certain songs sound like they did on the screen . For a person who 's heard the same thing over and over and expected the same thing on the soundtrack , it was very disconcerting . It pulls me out of being swept up in the marvelous orchestration and lyrics and gives me the `` nails on the chalkboard '' feeling.I still recommend the soundtrack , but just be aware that it 's not exactly what you 're used to ...
 This cd is absolutely wonderful ! Madonna is the best Evita out there ! Compared to Patti LuPone and Julie Covington she is the only one who can actually sing ! Unlike Mandy Patinki , Antonio Banderas brings emotion and power to his singing . His voice is strong but can also be soft when it should be . After listening to this cd , I am glad they did cut out certain lyrics and replaced them . Some of the lyrics from the old Evitas are too direct . Jonathan Pryce may not be the best singer on this cd , but at least his voice does n't make you cover your ears every time he comes on . He fits the part very well if you knew anything about the real Evita and Juan Peron . Jimmy Nail is also a good singer , although unfortunately he is only in 3 tracks . This cd is absolutely gggrrreeeaaattt !!!! They tried and they were more than 100 % succesful !!!
 MADONNA shines in this extraordinary Movie ... I always knew she had musical talent , but inever knew that she also had such a tremendous talent in acting as well . She has given nothing short of an Oscar-caliber performance , -LRB- ALthough She was Snubbed !!! -RRB- Antonio Banderas gives a few of great musical performances . Overall , I give this Soundtrack as well as the Motion Picture an extatic TWO THUMBS UP !!!
 Since seeing the movie , I now love musicals . And when Evita , the tour , came this last montnh , I had to go opening weekend ! IT IS THE BEST !
 I love this cd . It was not till a friend of mine played it in her car that I found out how great this cd really is . I love all the songs . The lyrics are catchy and suave . The songs are beautiful . The melodies just fill me up with so much emotion-from getting up and dancing to crying . Madonna is the best Evita out there . Her voice is so magical . She sings the songs with fire . Antonio Banderas is also surprisingly a good singer . He also packs great emotion in his commentary singing . Jonathyn Price is a perfect person to portray Juan Peron , though he does n't really sing on the soundtrack . Jimmy Nail has a great voice and unfortunately does n't sing that many songs . I wish there would be a sequal to Evita so there would be more great songs !
 Madonna is a great singer who sings an even better musical . She is so full of emotion that on her last wispers of `` Lament '' it actually sounds like she is about to enter immortality . While in the song `` Beuonos Aires '' she sounds like a ambitious young girl yelling for attention . She is a great actor . If I could change one thing it would be to switch Jimmy Nail and Jonathin Pryce because Nail should sing more songs and Price should sing less .
 All I can say is wow ! I never thought Madonna could sing like this . Now I am a huge fan of hers . Antonio Banderas 's accent makes him fit the part of Che very nicely . The songs are incomparable . If I could change one thing it would be Jonathan Pryce because he has an annoying voice .
 Long live Evita ! It was not till I listened to the 1976 Studio cast of Evita that I found out what a diamond this set really is . Madonna is by far the greatest Evita ever . The lyrics make much more sense than the older versions . My only complaint is that Antonio Banderas 's heavy Spanish accent makes it hard to understand what he is singing .
 I knew Maddonna could pull this off . Knowing a lot about history and Evita , I could n't have casted a better person . Madonna just suited this to the max . What I loved was that she did n't take on the Material girl voice . She sang just like a broadway star ... and who does n't love singing along with broadway songs ? The movie was so perfect . The music is definitely up to par ... considering that Andrew Lloyd Weber is one of the greatest broadway musical writers ever to exist ... Just a little pointer ... If you live in Massachusetts , go to Newbury Comics ... I just bought it there for $ 8.99
 Well , except for `` The Phantom of The Opera '' . Madonna certainly can sing Andrew Llyod Webber 's `` Evia '' well , can ' she ! I do n't have the CD , but my neighbor does and we listen to it and the older one -LRB- 1979 -RRB- with Patti Lupone and Mandy Patinkin . They also sing very well , even though they are both also actress/actor mainly . How many of you actually knew Eva Peron was a real person and this is based off of things that happened in her life ? If you did n't , then you 're uninformed ! But have no fear ! For now you ARE informed!My advice to you , LISTEN to the CD , BUY the CD , REVEIW the CD !! Enjoy !
 All I can say is I 've herd many recordings of this play but this one has to be the very best . Take a listen for yoursef and find out .
 I do n't actually consider this my favorite Shawn Phillips album musically -- I have favorite bits and pieces from a number of different albums , and `` Rumplestiltskin 's Resolve '' -LRB- which is currently out of print -RRB- is probably my favorite complete album of Shawn 's overall . But this one does hold a very special place for me . Not only is it a beautiful album in its own right , but -LRB- at the risk of sounding melodramatic -RRB- , it may have saved my sanity one night back in 1979 -- if not conceivably my life -LRB- though I 'll always want to believe that I would n't have resorted to that -RRB- . It was a really difficult time for me . A failed business venture -LRB- due to a dishonest business partner and my own naive , overly trusting nature at the time -RRB- , a depleted savings account , mounting bills , rent overdue , a lease I could n't break , wolves at the door , and a general , overwhelming sense of desperation , all compounded by the empty loneliness of a lack of female companionship -LRB- or any companionship -- I was many miles from family and friends -RRB- . One evening , while sitting in the dark in a really serious funk , wondering how the hell I was ever going to get out of the mess I was in ... something told me to put on this album . I had played it many times before , of course . But somehow , this time was different . When it started , I was feeling as low as I had ever felt in my life . Less than an hour later , when the stylus tracked away from the final cut `` Ease Your Mind '' , I found that I had an incredible sense of peace and serenity , and -- what was this ? -- optimism ! My entire mindset had changed . For the first time in many weeks , I suddenly felt that everything was going to be alright . It sounds corny , but had I not chosen -LRB- or did I really choose ? -RRB- to listen to `` Transcendence '' that night , I really ca n't say where I might be today.I will forever owe you a sincere debt of appreciation , Shawn , for whatever magic it was that you and your music wove for me that evening . I know , without question , that it changed my life . And if that sounds corny and melodramatic , so be it .
 I had a old LP of this recording . I got this because I had been blown off by his masterpiece , Second contribution . Just try Julia 's letters . You will be surprised . Strongly recommended . BTW , did he know he looked like Jesus ?
 Pianist/organist/vocalist Earl Grant -LRB- he was also accomplished on the drums and trumpet -RRB- , born in Idabelle , Oklahoma on January 2 , 1931 , is probably best remembered for his first and ultimately best hit single , The End - sometimes listed as -LRB- At -RRB- The End -LRB- Of A Rainbow -RRB- - a # 7 Billboard Pop Hot 100 and # 16 R&B ; in September/October 1958 on Decca 30719 with the backing of the Charles `` Bud '' Dant orchestra.And although none of his other five Pop charters would come anywhere near that success -LRB- dropping him into the One-Hit Wonder category in the eyes of some - but not me -RRB- , he did alright for someone who was neither R&R ; nor R&B ; at the dawn of the R&R ; Era . For example , 1962 's Sweet Sixteen Bars , written by Ray Charles and which , for Earl , climbed to # 9 R&B ; , # 17 Adult Contemporary , and # 55 Hot 100 in October on Decca 25574 . His many albums under the Decca , Vocalion , MCA and Brunswick logos also always sold well , especially 1961s Ebb Tide -LRB- Decca 74165 -RRB- , which eventually went Gold , and this Christmas entry that first appeared in 1966 -LRB- Decca 74677 -RRB- , a mainly instrumental gathering of these traditional carols and pop tunes
 I got this on tape in 1988 , and absolutely LOVED it ! Of course , I 've always loved dance/electronic music . Every song is awesome !! -LRB- with the possible exception of `` I Do n't Want To Go There '' -RRB- !! I 've seen other reviewers say MATW was better in later years , but I liked them best when they did dance music - like on Flowers in the Rain or their self-titled 1st album . If you enjoy 80 's pop -LRB- such as Pet Shop Boys , Tears for Fears , Depeche Mode , etc. -RRB- , then you 'll probably like this . In my opinion , this is their best release !! I 'm so glad to finally have this on disc !!!!
 I have n't stop dancing since I received my CD . The music is up-beat and modern . It will definately make you move . Once you get up to start dancing , you ca n't sit down . One of the best zydeco artist on the current circuit . You have to get this release .
 I have been a fan of Step Rideau and the Zydeco Outlaws since I purchased their CD `` Standing Room Only . '' `` I 'm So Glad '' has quickly become my favorite . Some tunes are folksy with a zydeco flare and others are very zydeco . This is a `` must buy '' for zydeco lovers . If the Grammys had a catagory for zydeco , Step would win for performer of the year .
 Lo and behold , the new Nez album hath arrived ! RAYS is a synth-drenched collection of grooves , rhythms , and metronomically precise soundscapes that feels at first like a primer on how to make music with machines . Nesmith is himself credited with synth parts and sampling on nearly every track . There 's something else at work here , though - something playful , ironic , and actually quite poignant that demands repeated listenings.Drawing on his well-known affinity for sports cars and the like , Nesmith turns this new album into one long drive down a spacious sonic highway . The car motif is inescapable , with songs like `` Friedrider , '' `` Carhop , '' and `` Boomcar '' piling on top of one another in the track listing . Much of the album is instrumental , making one yearn to hear that distinctive Nesmith voice more often than you do . When you do hear his singing voice , however , the effect is gorgeous.The final track , `` Follows the Heart , '' is filled with an end-of-the-road longing that reveals the very real and tender heart residing within this brand-new Nez machine . Ever clever to the end , Nesmith even finds a way here to loop a familiar slogan from an old car commercial jingle into his song 's lyric - furthering the dance between what is sacred and what is profane along the speeding highway of commercially-released music here in the `` land o ' pies , '' as Nesmith might call it . It 's nice to hear from him again ...
 Ten years have elapsed since Michael Nesmith 's previous musical project , The Monkees ' reunion LP Justus , and for his newest long player , Mike changes gears yet again to produce the stunning synth-jazz sleeper classic , Rays.The old cliche about not judging books by the cover has always been confounded by Nesmith , but never in more effective manner than here , as Rays ' cover jacket showing a striking and humorous cartoon illustration of Nesmith driving frantically looking for something to eat sets the mood of the LP right away . Not only is the disc a synth-jazz performance befitting use on long country drives with the top down , the cover illustration displays the disc 's subtle autobiographical theme . From Monkee Mike 's trek down the Hollywood Freeway into First National Band Nez 's city trip in a jeep to Neighborhood Nuke Superiority Mike 's encounter with some excessively happy barbecuers into Gihon Nez ' frustration in the city into the nirvana of country Rays , the disc and cover illustration run a gamut that illustrates the road trip of life.Of the album 's twelve tracks , the most gripping is the opening instrumental Zip Ribbon . Cleverly inserting the opening lyric to `` Cruisin ' , '' the song is dominated by Chester Thompson 's B3 Hammond ; it 's been perhaps since Jachym Young 's riffing of Steve Miller 's `` Fly Like An Eagle '' that an organ has so controlled the flow of a song , but Thompson gets ample reinforcement by some of Mike 's best guitar work ever.The title track gets to a deceptively simple start and is one of the comparatively few full vocal passes Mike commits to the album , and almost the only one where Mike double-tracks some vocals , and yet again the faux-Micky Dolenz-duet feel comes through and strengthens the performance.Mike even inserts a humorous spoof of rap music in the intro to `` Bells '' before this track hits the synth-jazz flow that at times sounds a little like a late-90s Herb Alpert outtake , before hitting the Chester Thompson groove again in `` Land O'Pies , '' which manages to somehow pull off the illusion of lead saxophone even though no sax is allowed on the album - Mike would probably say in response that adding sax to the album would warrant intervention from some record company 's Standards & Practices over excessive sax and violins in modern music.The disco-tempo `` There It Is , '' highlighted by some inspired John Hobbs keyboards , precedes the closing track `` Follows The Heart , '' a song that lives up to the title , a melancholy message of closure that seems a little out of character for Mike , but then the message 's overall optimism reaches the listener , who remembers that the end sometimes is indeed but the beginning.Mike defies convention yet again with Rays , and it is indeed what `` Follows The Heart '' makes clear - a feeling that follows the heart as it follows every ray of every night and day .
 This is not Michael Nesmith , Father of Country Rock . This is Michael Nesmith , Multi-Genre Master . Nez 's sound has been continually evolving throughout his whole career , and Rays is no exception . While I would n't call it a masterpiece , it * is * a good album . Though the focus seems more on the music than the lyrics and there are sounds present that have not appeared on any other Nesmith album to date , it still has a very Nez feel . The experimenting , the themes , the way everything is layered ... it 's all Nez.The first thing that came into my head after looking over this CD and its packaging was `` a self-indulgent search for solace '' . On first listen , I thought , `` It 's Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma meets The Garden '' . The first thought does n't hold true after listening to the album all the way through , but the second certainly does.The only song I 'm not particularly fond of is `` Dynaflow '' ; I 'm not sure why , but the vocals creep me out a little . But everything else , from `` Zip Ribbon '' to `` Follows the Heart '' , struck a good chord with me.As a long-time Nesmith fan , I 'm not sure how this album would sound to someone who was hearing Nez 's work for the first time . It 's definitely not Nez as he was in the late '60s and early '70s , but I would say it is typical . He has always tried something new , and that 's not something I can blame any musician for doing .
 33 years later Michael Nesmith has lost his mind again and the results are breathtaking . Why are you reading reviews for God 's sake ? It 's Michael Nesmith ! Everything we do should be governed by this giant amongst men .
 Michael Nesmith 's latest CD `` Rays '' seems to blend all of the best creative music attempts he has recorded since his first album in 1970 . He graced the music scene with country/pop tunes during his First/Second National Band albums with popular hits like `` Joanne '' and `` Silver Moon '' to less-known recordings like `` I Looked Away '' and `` Rainmaker '' . His next two albums `` And The Hits Just Keep On Coming '' and `` Pretty Much Your Standard Ranch Stash '' were solid , country and western recordings . As usual , Nesmith took chances that few artists would attempt . Nesmith was joined by only one other artist on the album `` And the Hits ... '' , something that is almost duplicated on his new hit album `` Rays '' . Nearly 35 years later , Nesmith is the only artist to play on some of the songs on `` Rays '' . There is also a little bit of `` From A Radio Engine To The Photon Wing '' on the new CD `` Rays '' . Nesmith tinkered with a Brazilian sound that really worked on several songs from that 1976 album and he has brought a similar sound with him into the new century . There are even some remnants of `` Infinite Rider On The Big Dogma '' on the new CD `` Rays '' , the purely rock-n-roll album that deserved much more airplay than it received.As a former DJ who played Nesmith 's music through the 1970 's and 1980 's , I felt that he always seemed ahead of his time . He was the first to record country/pop , the first to create the music video , and the first artist to release a country album one year and have no problem releasing a hard rock-n-roll album on the next release . He even took the step of releasing an edited version of the hit recording `` Rio '' to radio stations who were hesitant to play the entire seven minute cut from the album . That edited version should have been included as an extra on the CD release of `` From A Radio Engine To The Photon Wing '' . To date , it is only available on used 45 rpm vinyl.Michael Nesmith is very creative and very versatile . His latest work , `` Rays '' , clearly reflects that . He even does something he has n't done since `` Magnetic South '' in 1970 , he allows one song to flow into another ; very much like Paul McCartney 's Red Rose Speedway finale on side two . The downside to Nesmith is his lack of acknowledgement to fans who truly appreciate his work . During the 1990 's , he toured with The Monkees in Japan but refused to tour in the US . It would be appropriate for Nesmith to share his journey of accomplishment with the people who gave him encouragement through the years to venture into new creative areas .
 Michael Nesmith does it again ! I love every song on Rays . They 're all so beautiful and inspiring , especially Friedrider . Play this song after a long , hard day , and it will totally relax you .
 The other reviewers have expressed the wonder of this album well , I just want to add my yes vote . I miss Nesmith 's vocals-they are few here-but what a listen !
 At this point , I 've played `` Rays '' five times in a row . It did n't take more than a few songs to convince me that this album is wonderful ! Is it like anything else Mike has ever released ? Nope , but that 's what I 'd expect from him . `` From a Radio Engine to the Photon Wing , '' was nothing like his early albums . `` Tropical Campfires '' is quite unlike his work with the Monkees or The First National Band . Needless to say , if you 're a fan of the NEZ , give this more than one listen before comparing it to anything else he 's released . Thank you , Papa Nez ! -LRB- By the way , this is an excellent album ! -RRB- Here 's the info on Rays from Videoranch . -LRB- And I quote ... -RRB- GRAMMY AWARD WINNING ARTISTMICHAEL NESMITH ` RAYS ' LIMITED EDITIONUSA - This April , 2006 , Michael Nesmith releases his latest album Rays ; a cinematic journey of sound with elements of swing , jazz and instrumental funk that come together to form what he calls `` New Century Modern '' . Once again , Nesmith pioneers a new genre , contributing fresh , inventive and timeless dimensions to our current musical landscape . `` For a time I thought Rays had come together differently than any other project I had worked on , until it dawned on me all the various works I had been involved in had happened the same way and doing Rays was simply the first time I had seen it . Rays was my own personal Copernican Shift . For years Rays laid around in bits and pieces , and there were long periods when I would put them all away , like disparate parts of disparate building blocks . As if one was a recipe , another was a blueprint , another was a map . I could n't see how they fit together . I kept going , as much for not having anything else to do as for the curiosity of how it would all turn out , but I did keep going , and I 'm glad I did . It was when I was putting on the horn parts , dreaming of Memphis and Stax Volt that it all came together . It was as if I had come into the garage one evening , and was looking at the detritus of a failed effort laying all over the floor , when suddenly there was this array , a kind of order to it that I had never imagined . That was exciting . It felt new , and gave me the inspiration I needed to finish . This after four years of wandering in darkness -- which actually happened to be one of the lines from Rays . I had always imagined `` emergence '' as the gradual appearing of something that already exists but was just unseen . Rays was the first time I ever actually saw that happen . And now that I 've seen it I am aware that all the past works have happened the same way . '' - Michael NesmithGrammy Award-winning artist Michael Nesmith has had a successful , multifaceted career as a songwriter , musician , actor , filmmaker , novelist , businessman and philanthropist . Born in Texas , he moved to Los Angeles in the early '60s where he began writing and performing songs in local clubs . In 1966 he landed a lead roll in the The Monkees , now a pop legend . In the early '70s he signed a solo record deal with RCA Records , and recorded six landmark country-rock albums . In the mid - '70s he started his own record company , Pacific Arts , that released numerous albums through the '80s . In 1981 he won the first Grammy Award for Best Video of the Year for Elephant Parts , a ground-breaking long-form video . That same year he created the concept of MTV which he sold to Warner-Amex . He produced four films in the early '80s , including the punk classic Repo Man . In the early '90s he released '' ... tropical campfire ... '' and toured the US . In 1994 he was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album of the Year , for The Garden . His critically acclaimed first novel , The Long Sandy Hair of Neftoon Zamora , was published by St. Martins Press in 1998 . Over the years Nesmith has built a large catalog of songs that have appeared in movies and commercials , and been recorded by many artists including Linda Ronstadt , Nitty Gritty Dirt Band , Butterfield Blues Band , and Run DMC . He 's based in Northern California where he continues to write and record music .
 Another Nesmith conundrum . Difficult to classify , refreshingly different sounding , yet somehow as comfortable as sitting in your favorite old chair .
 Great ! and what else can I say?I 've been loving his music for 40 years and he 'd never made me disappointed .
 I heard some long-time fans of Michael Nesmith were confused . You 'll listen to Michael 's new sound .
 You must buy this cd !!! This is the annointed Mr Ron Kenoly singing faith filled words in Spainish . Mr. Kenoly sings at Fred Price 's Crenshaw Christian Center every so often , and Kenoly sings with a warm baritone voice , and again he only sings right words of faith , he never sings doubt or unbelief . A great cd toda en espanol . Some salsa arrangements and nice latin sounds too ! Muy tropical !
 This is one of the very best `` rockumentaries '' ever ! I loved the whole thing , especially the interviews ... especially the ones with the ultra-talented producer/singer/song writer/pianist John Simon-my friend . You might consider checking out John 's own recordings .
 you 've heard their music , now hear their words . this dvd gives insight into an extrordinary album of the early 70 's ; a release that was polar opposite to much of the musical landscape of the era . timeless tunes created by five talented musicians . the joy on levon helm 's face is rich as he recounts how the harmonies of himself , richard manuel and rick danko were structured . an impromtu version of unfaithful servant performed by rick is just as emotionally poignant now , as it was on the lp . a couple keyboard demos by garth hudson is both pythonesque , and accomplished keyboardist , in it 's scope . and with much less screen time compared to the last waltz , robbie robertson has a word or two as well . after viewing this dvd , cue up the band 's lp on the turntable , or tray in the cd , and relive this great work once more !
 After viewing The Last Waltz on the Sundance channel everynight it was on , I was hooked on learning more about this group . Their sound is classic and if you 're into The Band you should buy this DVD if for no other reason than to watch the contemporary Garth Hudson play the organ . It will make you smile . Also , check out Levon Helm 's book This Wheel 's on Fire . An extremly interesting and realistic view of life on the road in this great rock and roll band .
 It was wonderful to sit down with this DVD and re-live some of the great music created by The Band . This DVD captures the feelings and the music of one of the most influential groups to come out of the 60 's . They had a unique and special sound and , as such , hearing about how they came up with that sound was very interesting . They are a magical group of highly talented musicians and this DVD offers insights into their creative process that only the ones that were there would know .
 What can be said ? An album that never ceases to deliver new surprises on repeat listening is now broken down track by track . Collaborative effort at its finest . Incredible musicianship , everybody plays many different instruments many different ways . A there is great poignancy . We get to the emotional center of many of the songs , and it is quite heartbreaking . This album was also a huge revelation about the power of `` roots '' music . Eric Clapton was inspired to quit the acid rock of Cream and even tried , unsuccessfully , to join the group .
 Great document about The Band 's `` brown '' album.This document explains how The Band recorded the album and what really happend during the songs.The outstanding Garth Hudson shows he is one of a kind.With his talent he made some fantastic sounds.You see Levon Helm , Robbie Robertson and Rick Danko looking back on their second album.If you love music and history you 'll have to see this one .
 I wanted to know more about `` The Band '' and its members and this DVD takes you back to their beginnings and highlights every member . Lots of comments and critiques by the remaining three members indicate they always had and still have great respect for each other . I wanted to know which voice went with which band member and this DVD shows that . Now I 'm even more impressed by their music and their talents .
 Very good comprehensive review on The Band . Gives good insight into the individual members and why some of their songs were written . A good addition to my collection .
 Hi , I am writing to make viewers aware that this product features my photographs , both on the covers and in the body of the film . I took them for the first two Band albums , MUSIC FROM BIG PINK and THE BAND . My latest book , WOODSTOCK VISION , THE SPIRIT OF A GENERATION , Backbeat Books , hardcover edition , was published in 2009 . It contains more photos of them , some previously unpublished , as well as my story from the time I knew them . My website , -LSB- ... -RSB- , has a lot more photos of them . -LSB- ... -RSB- . -- Woodstock Vision
 If you are a Band Fan you will like this video - you get to hear Robbie Sing - if you want to call it that . Levon enjoys some songs , Danko plays a few , and I do n't know what Garth was suppose to be doing but it is one for the collection and a great technical break down of their most popular songs . A great Buy ! Do it !
 If the rest of the `` Classic Albums '' series is as good as `` The Band , '' you can say goodbye to shows like VH1 's `` Behind the Music . '' While the VH1 shows are usually interesting , they really are n't `` Behind the Music , '' but rather `` Behind the Lives '' of the performers . You get some of that with `` The Band '' too , but the focus of this DVD really IS the music . It was a pleasure watching Levon Helm and Robbie Robertson especially talking with such love and affection about their music and how it was put together . Some great photos and live shots make this DVD a must-have for fans of The Band .
 Any fan of the Band 's music would get a lot out of seeing this documentary , which reveaks the creative process that went into their two masterworks , `` Music From Big Pink '' and `` The Band '' . Band '' the story of Music from Big Pink is also covered here . Great interviews and stories from producer/engineer Joe Simon , and band members Robbie Robertson , Levon Helm , Garth Hudson and Rick Danko as well as a fitting obit to Richard Manuel .
 I 've always like VH-1 's Classic Albums series and this episode does n't disappoint . Great interviews with Robbie , Levon , and other band members -LRB- Including Rick Danko , who died last December -RRB- . I love how they broke down Rag Momma Rag and Rockin ' Chair into it 's separate parts . A must for all Band Fans .
 When the `` Classic '' series of videos came out , I could only wish for anything on The Band . The `` Brown Album '' or their 2nd album is highlighted here in story and song . The interviews are well worth the price of admission . The Brown Album has always surfaced as one of the top 10 favorites of many other music artists . Watching Garth Hudson at the keyboard ; or Levon Helm explain his drum technique ; or sitting at the recording console and listening to the harmonies with producer John Simon , is a look inside of a group that changed the sound of North American music in the late 60 's to mid 70 's . This was probably their best effort of them all and to have it chronicled here is great . I have both the VHS & DVD versions . Since then I purchased Live at the New Orleans JazzFest .
 There 's nothing more to say than this is probably the best album ever recorded . I recommend this DVD to anyone . The Band never got the recognition they deserved ... it 's a shame . Their music is timeless and will be held with the highest honor in the hearts of their fans forever .
 As a die-hard Band fan for over 25 years , this DVD chronicles the making of their most historical works . Extremely well done . If you are a fan of one of the world 's most important bands , this DVD is a must have !
 This DVD has tracks from both The Bands first two albums . So you get some analysis of the first album -LRB- Big Pink -RRB- as well as the famous brown album . The reason being that they were all recorded at the same sessions.Its a fabulous documentary , with great interviews and analysis at the mixing desk , perhaps most memorably Levon who still gets carried away with the music.Little known gems like Whispering Pines are given added poignancy when Richard Manuels suicide is mentioned late on in the film . Sadly Rick Danko died a few years after this film was made . When you think that Richard Manuel , Rick Danko and Levon Helm all variously sang lead vocals , depending on the song , you begin to realise how unique this group was in its original line-up . Garth Hudson improvises at the keyboard for the camera a number of times demonstrating one of his many talents . We also see him playing Soprano Sax with John Simon - getting that classic Band horn sound.Although not discussed in the film , it is documented that Levon has a problem with Robbie , so Robbie gets little credit -LRB- if any -RRB- from Levon . I do n't think the reverse is true , but the truth in these matters is always difficult to establish.There is some great early 70 's footage of the group playing at the pink house , plus the inevitable clips from The Last Waltz.Various musicians , including Eric Clapton , George Harrison and Don Was extoll the virtues of the group and there are some interesting points made by Greil Marcus . Sometimes Marcus can be a little pretentious , but most of the time here he does n't go to far overboard.This is one of the best Classic Albums DVD 's and I would strongly recommend it for anyone who wants to learn more about one THE most important Rock 'n' Roll groups to come out of North America -LRB- four of them were Canadian -RRB- . Note this is a documentary , so most of the time the tracks are interrupted by people talking . If you want a concert DVD by The Last Waltz ...
 Anyone out there who is a huge fan of American music has to get this video . It allows viewers to glimpse into a time not to distant from the Beat poets , and see how artistic striving , and good feeling worked itself into something unique and and fervently American . Even though most of the members are Canadian , they capture the American spirit of Rock-n-Roll and change in a way most groups were incapable of doing . Check it out and then buy `` What happened to Kerouac '' .
 This is one of those movies that I did n't want to end . It is that good . Seeing Robbie , Levon , Rick , and Garth look back at this album , and talk in depth about the making of it , was pure heaven . Seeing the joy on Levon 's face when talking about Garth 's playing put a smile on my face . I 'm not waxing poetic here , folks . If you love the Band , do yourself a favor and get this DVD .
 A fine documentary of the making of a great record . Good insight from all sides of the event with interviews throughout featuring both Robertson and Helm as well as the rest of The Band . Clapton and Harrison -LRB- among others -RRB- also weigh in . In my opinion , this is as good as the Classic Album efforts on Pink Floyd 's DSoM and Dan 's Aja . Like those , do NOT miss this .
 I 'm a big fan of the `` Classic Albums '' series , which takes the viewer inside the process that resulted in some of our best rock albums . I 'd seen `` Who 's Next , '' `` Songs in the Key of Life , '' and `` Graceland '' before watching `` The Band , '' and had thoroughly enjoyed all of them . So my hopes were pretty high for this one and I was n't disappointed.It helps , of course , that the album itself was so good -- easily my favorite release by the group -- but the DVD helps to break down how they created tunes like `` King Harvest -LRB- Has Surely Come -RRB- '' `` Up on Cripple Creek , '' `` Jemima Surrender '' and so on through interviews with the band members and others involved , often as they sit at the recording console playing back particular pieces of music.Much of the commentary comes from Robbie Robertson and Levon Helm -- thankfully before their famous falling out , but we also get some words from the late , lamented Rick Danko , looking a little the worse for wear.Just an example of an insightful moment
 This documentary is a great journey through the history of this magnificent band.Each interview is a classic piece of footage that leaves an indelible mark on the heart and soul of the listener.Favorite story about the clavinet on Cripple Creek ... priceless ! A MUST have !
 If you 're a fan of the Band , or of music in general , you 'll want to watch this really well-done program . The interviews with members of the group , as well as the background info on the writing and recording of the songs were riveting .
 If you have even a passing interest in the Band , then buy this immediately . This presents them-and their genius-in an all new and more profound light . While their songs always sound fresh through the many years since they were first recorded , this DVD is like listening to them in remastered stereo for the first time , with exquisite headphones.The only weakness that I can see is that so many current groups , as well as musician at the time , were directly influenced by this album . This version of Classic Albums does n't capture the historical significance of this album , concentrating more on its production and aesthetics . But who cares ? This is a celebration of their music and one of the greatest albums of the rock era .
 This is a terrific video - especially if you are a fan of The Band.I never realized how great Richard Manual was until I saw this video .
 Rick Danko singing `` When You Awake '' solo with acoustic guitar makes this DVD worth buying.Naturally Robbie is on this DVD talking about music which is all he ever seems to do ...
 The Band is awesome . No doubt about it , but that 's just it . They were a BAND . Robbie Robertson -LRB- spelling correct -RRB- somehow fooled the other Band members into letting him have songwriting credit -LRB- and Robertson got them to particiapte , against their better wishes , in `` The Last Waltz '' concert and accompanying film -RRB- . Take a look at Band drummer Levon Helm 's book , `` This Wheel 's on Fire , '' and he explains that Robertson and someone in the Band 's management talked the group into giving Robertson sole -LRB- or majority -RRB- songwriting credit , so they all could supposedly benefit financially . Robertson got rich , while the others did n't . It 's a shame , since Helm , keyboardist Richard Manuel -LRB- RIP -RRB- and bassist Rick Danko -LRB- RIP -RRB- all had better voices than Robbie 's . There 's also a great photo in Helm 's book that has Helm showing Robertson how to play something on Robertson 's Stratocaster . Great picture . It shows that it was a group effort , but Robertson and `` The Last Waltz '' film erronneously claim Robertson as the leader and chief talent . `` The Last Waltz '' concert was filmed by Martin Scorsese , Robbie 's buddy . If Robertson truly was the lone genius of The Band , do n't you think his solo work would have been much better?Also , in the words of the Arkansas-born Levon Helm himself , `` Do you really think a guy from Canada -LRB- Robertson -RRB- wrote ` The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down ' all by himself ? ' ''
 We really enjoyed this because it went into the creative process and circumstances behind each song . It was very interesting , especially for musicians and hard core Band fans .
 I love this dvd . It is good to see those members of The Band who are no longer with us .
 This is a must have for all Band fans . Watchable and engaging .
 With the recent remastering and re-releasing of the full Band canon , interest in one of America 's greatest musical acts has never been higher . This is as good a time as any to pick up a copy of `` The Band , '' one in Rhino records series called `` classic Albums , '' which documents the making of classic albums . -LRB- other dvd 's include the Wailers , the Who , and the Grateful Dead -RRB- This dvd documents the classic lp `` The Band '' from 1969 . Filled with vintage footage of the Band in rehersals , as well as interviews with Robbie Robertson , Levon Helm , the reclusive Garth Hudson , and the late Rick Danko , `` The Band '' chronicles the making of this amazing album , focusing on the disparate musical influences - country , bluegrass , rockabilly , black R&B , rock n roll , and folk/Americana - that led to many of guitarist/vocalist Robbie Robertson 's greatest songs.The surviving members at the time of this documentary -LRB- made in 1997-pianist Richard Manuel had died in 1986 -RRB- add their own anecdotes to the music , giving the songs unique colors and life . Levon Helm , Robbie Robertson , and Garth Hudson -LRB- the most pleasant surprise on the dvd taking into account his well known reclusive nature -RRB- add to the fun by playing some of the tunes based on their perspective , offering running commontary as they go . Add to the Band 's perspective those of Eric Clapton , -LRB- who wanted to join the Band at one point -RRB- George Harrison , Elton John 's lyicist Bernie Taupin , and producer Don Was , and the cup of greatness runneth over.The performances , including `` The Weight , '' `` Rockin ' Chair , '' `` I Shall Be Released , '' `` The Unfaithful Servant , '' and `` King Harvest -LRB- Has Surely Come -RRB- , '' as well as a touching tribute to the late Richard Manuel , make the dvd all the more valuable to fans of the Band . The music is timeless , the interviews vintage , and the performances sparkle as they never have . That makes this dvd one to have in any collection.R.I.P . Richard Manuel and Rick Danko
 If you love The Band -LRB- is there such thing as a casual Band fan ? -RRB- you MUST own this ! There is some repetition of the usual stories , such as Clapton telling us his ` Big Pink ' story , but others are fresh and exciting . Also , there are solo tidbits that will break your heart . Robby doing Dixie , and Rick , God rest his soul , doing When You Awake . Absolutely essential .
 As a fan of the group , I decided to take a chance on this DVD though I knew nothing about it . It very easily could have been a dud , but it turned out to be something very special . The surviving members of the group actually participated in this documentary , and they show a lot of pride and a lot of affection for their days together , and for the music they made.Just watch Levon listening back to `` Rocking Chair , '' his eyes closed , delighted at the sound of Richard Manuel 's voice , basking in the joy of what The Band created together so many years ago . He still retains that modest , down-home quality that is so endearing.Then there 's `` Brother Garth . '' Band fans will find this DVD worth the purchase price just to see Garth improvising at the keyboard , displaying just what a lovable crazed-genius he really is.And then there is plenty of Robbie Robertson , giving some very insightful information about The Band 's writing and recording processes . Like Levon , Robbie just ca n't contain the thrill he obviously feels listening back to the original multitracks from the album.Unfortunately , it does n't appear that Robbie ever `` reunited '' with the others for this program , even if just to listen to the tracks together . The interviews are all done separately . But that 's not really a complaint , just an observation.Anyone who is a fan of The Band , and anyone who has a genuine interest in the creative process and in making music , will certainly love this DVD . I 'm a picky guy , but I gave this the highest rating I could .
 I am a huge fan of the entire Classic Series ; however do not let that fact make you feel I am being biased . This is the first time I 've watched one of the many of this series and was compelled to write a review and recommend its purchase.Excellent footage , interviews , and insight into a band with such an abundance of heart that only music could capture.Will never forget the endless days/nights of enjoying The Bands music , and the 1973 Roosevelt Stadium shows my friends and I were privileged to attend.It is all fantastic , but to watch Rick Danko being recorded in present day , playing guitar and singing `` When You Awake '' is worth way more then the price of admission . This DvD is priceless . Thanks to all involved for its production .
 I have a number of the DVD 's from the Classic Album series . I find this one to be particularly compelling and balanced . It is rare to see anything about The Band that includes input from both Robbie Robertson and Levon Helm and the DVD is all the better for it . I found that the fine editing kept Levon 's bitterness to a minimum -LRB- the `` someone needs to tune that guitar '' quip from Rocking Chair -RRB- and Robbie 's contribution to the whole affair balanced . The highlights include the improvisation of Garth Hudson at the keyboard and the insights of John Simon , who produced the first two Band albums and Jon Taplin . Levon sums it up well in the end . The movie is `` righteous '' .
 If you 're not a lifelong , hard shell Band addict , go to the next review . Only these people will probably appreciate the rest of this review . The following are my personal highlights.It has several different sections of footage of Garth . Intertwining classical , gospel , circus midway , blues , and folk licks , his nose approximately two inches from the keyboard , occasionally talking to the keyboards as he plays -- The man is beyond genius status . He 's also very cool.Watch and listen to Rick play `` When You Awake '' on flattop.Watch the unabashed joy in Levon 's face when he is at the mixing board listening to Richard and Rick -LRB- and himself -RRB- harmonize on `` Rockin ' Chair '' , or to Garth 's keyboards on `` Rag Mama Rag '' . -LRB- `` Ai n't it easy when you know how '' -- Levon on Garth 's playing -RRB- . Watch Robbie Robertson sing proudly into a purposely dead mike . You might fool some of the people some of the time ... Watch Robbie take credit for the writing when it was obviously a group effort almost every time.Richard wrote the lyrics to several songs ; Garth and Rick wrote a lot of the music -- very seldom did they receive credit -LRB- or royalties -RRB- -- only Robbie.Listen to Eric Clapton and George Harrison reveal that the Band 's music was beyond anything they had heard or played.Listen to Robbie 's chord work and his excellent explanation as to why the Band sang harmonies a certain way -LRB- that was all they could reach -RRB- and why he frequently played odd , partial guitar chords -LRB- they just sounded right -RRB- . Just watch and listen to Levon.Whether he 's singing , playing , or being interviewed , he is extremely entertaining . He , like Garth , is also one of a kind.Listen to Richard sing anything . I 'm positive he and Rick are members in good standing in God 's choir.This is a wonderful DVD . It has much more footage than the TV version I taped off of television . I bought it new . . , although I think it ususally sells for -LSB- more -RSB- . I would have paid -LSB- more -RSB- for it . If you 're a Band fanatic-this is a must have .
 This is an illuminating glimpse into the music and song craft of The Band . Composed primarily of interviews with individual members of the group and producer John Simon in studio settings discussing the music on their timelessly classic second studio recording `` The Band '' . This one is for music lovers . Many of the interviews take place at a mixing console in a studio , with John Simon , Robbie Robertson and Levon Helm adjusting track levels to bring up and highlight the various components of the mix . Absolutely fascinating stuff . Having listened to this music hundreds of times over the past 30 years , it was revelatory to hear some of the more creative parts of this complex whole isolated , with insightful commentary from the artists who created it.Also fascinating , in more of a train wreck kind of a way , was seeing the interview and solo studio performance asides of Garth Hudson and Rick Danko . Both brilliant artists , but both seemingly still paying the price of the lifestyle that accompanied the height of The Band 's fame . Rick 's remarks on the loss of his best friend Richard Manuel left me with chills , knowing that not too many more months from this interview and Rick would be gone from this place as well.Well worth the bargain price , this will be one of those rare DVD 's that I actually return to again and again .
 A fantastic , illuminating program on one of the greatest albums of all time . The previous reviews are right on the money ... this one is a joy to watch . Learning about the layers of vocals and instrumentation on songs like Rockin ' Chair is fascinating ... you will learn more about how the group worked from this video than from The Last Waltz -LRB- as great as that is in its own way -RRB- . There are riveting interviews with Robbie , Levon , Rick & Garth and even snippets of live performance as they show how some of the intricate sounds on the album were achieved . Just buy it already ! : -RRB-
 When purchased I thought it may have been an older concert they had put on to dvd . When it came in I found out it was a documentary on the making of the Bands self titled album . Then I thought it would be some thirty year old documentary they put on dvd . But I was very suprised and glad I bought it . Just recently made , I believe in 1997 , it interviews each of the living members of the Band even Robbie . Each telling how the album came together . Levon and Robbie , who take a few of the songs and put them on a mixing board to let you hear the individual voices and instruments , I found to be the most interesting . For any fan of the Band this is one you have to have . It talks about one the greatest albums ever made . Also purchased The Band Live at the New Orleans Jazz Festival . It was everything I thought it would be .
 I 've had some doubts when I first ordered it.I thought it might be poorly done , or just plain bad.I was wrong!It 's wonderfully done , great footage , great music , great people!You got ta love these guys !! A must have for every BAND 's fan .
 John IversonYou could be my silver springBlue green colors flashingI would be your only dreamYour shining over ocean crashingAnd did you say she was pretty?And did you say that she loves you?Baby I do n't want to knowI begin not to love youTurn around , see me runningI say I loved you years agoBut tell myself you never loved me , noAnd did you say she was pretty?And did you say that she loves you?Baby I do n't want to knowOh noAnd can you tell me was it worth it?Really I do n't want to knowTime cast its spell on youBut you wo n't forget meI know I could have loved youBut you would not let meTime cast its spell on youBut you wo n't forget meI know I could have loved youBut you would not let meI 'll follow you down till the soundOf my voice will haunt youYou 'll never get away from the soundOf the woman that loves youI 'll follow you down till the soundOf my voice will haunt youWas I just a fool?You 'll never get away from the soundOf the woman that loves youWas I just a fool?I 'll follow you down till the soundOf my voice will haunt youYou 'll never get away from the soundOf the woman that loves youYou could be my silver springMy blue green colors flashingDVD Audio ... Rumours ... Released 5/29/2001 ... Fleetwood Mac 's Rumours , one of the best selling albums in music history , the best album from one of the best rock bands of all time . Now added to the album lineup is the previously unreleased studio track Silver Springs , recorded during the Rumours sessions though not included on the original album . The album has advanced six channel resolution 5.1 surround recording to hear every enhanced tone . There are interviews for each song . The highlight song is Silver Springs.ALBUM HIGHLIGHTS
 This is not a review but a question . Is this the video that ends with the USC Trojan band playing along with Fleetwood Mac ? That 's the video that I 'm searching for .
 This DVD is a documentary on the making of the Fleetwood Mac `` Rumours '' album -LRB- as are all of the dvds in the Classic Albums series -RRB- . This DVD is amazing ! It chronicles the making of the album from the band themselves with new interviews , not just a compilation of old interviews mashed together . The original producers and band members dissect the original audio tapes to let you hear elements of the recordings that you may not have ever noticed before.A MUST for any Fleetwood Mac fan.The only drawback is the lack of DTS or Dolby audio .
 This is a great doucumentary on the making of `` Rumours . '' Great interviews with all the members , detailing each track and offering information on just what it took to put together this landmark album . It includes some very rare footage , and frank discussions about each track , including the illustrious `` Silver Springs '' which was bumped from the album in place of `` I Do n't Wan na Know . '' When the band finished the album , they had no idea what to call it . Since the tabloids were going crazy with rumors of who the band mates were sleeping with , if they were breaking up , drug use , and calling Stevie Nicks a practicing wiccan witch ... John McVie came up with `` Rumours . '' Hence the british spelling of the word !
 An honest and articulate accounting of the year that produced one of the finest pop albums ever made.As a musician , I was thrilled by the segments that take place in the studio with the original master tapes , breaking down the arrangements , revealing the extraordinary harmony singing , and exposing unused material.As a fan , I was moved by the almost incredible story of two couples breaking up but choosing to continue their work together . It seems that there could have been no `` Rumours '' without the angst that fueled the songs.Bravo to the producers of the `` Classic Albums '' series .
 If you enjoy the music , the story behind the making of this classic is very interesting . You get to hear firsthand accounts on the breakups and how Mick is the glue that kept them together as they were all unravelling -LRB- and in the 80s , they would reconvene for `` Tango in the Night '' due to Mick 's own unravelling.It goes into the Peter Green era and how Lindsey and Stevie joined the band , the smash success of the self-titled , and this follow-up to it.You can definitely see some bitterness in the sweet fruits of success they enjoyed , and some of `` The Dance '' is shown , as is some of the `` Rumours '' tour , and you can see Stevie and Lindsey 's drama unfolding on stage at that time with looks that kill towards each other.The songs are broken down by its creators , Lindsey shows off his fingerpicking skills -LRB- underrated as a great guitarist , but he 's filled Peter Green 's shoes which were big shoes to fill -RRB- , Christine sets up shop where she originally recorded `` Songbird '' and performs it to an empty theatre , which still makes the hair on your arms stand .
 This is a fabulous documentary on the album . And is only intended for those who actually know how to read the back of a video or DVD and realize it 's not a concert .
 Rumours is always on the best album lists and everyone knows it won the Grammy as album of the year in 1977 , but if you truly want to know why , then buy this video . It breaks down each song with Lindsey , Stevie , Chris , Mick and even the never-vocalizing John . They tell how they wrote the songs , recorded them and you get to hear how the harmonies came together so perfectly . The producers also explain how they worked their magic . Not too many people heard of `` Silver Springs '' before `` The Dance '' came out , but I knew of it and I heard of how the band tore out Stevie 's heart by not including it on the album . This video tells the story of how a legendary album was made and how one more song would have made it the most PERFECT album ever recorded . P.S I also ca n't say enough about `` Stevie - In Concert 1982 '' Buy these NOW !!!!
 ... Who buys a DVD without reading what it 's about ?? It 's a documentary with all 5 of the members discussing what was going on at the time they recorded Rumours . For those that were expecting to hear all the songs in full ... Um , do you own the CD ? This was to take you into the studio and show how the album was put together , the ideas that flowed in the studio , the stories behind the songs and why they were written . This is a must have if you 're a Fleetwood Mac fan .
 This video is very interesting and tells you a lot about the songs and what was going on at that time . And if you read the WHOLE outside of the box it does n't say anything about having all of the songs performed all the way though !
 My favorite parts were watching the three singers sing three of their songs solo . Stevie plays piano and sings `` Dreams '' beautifully . Lindsey gives us the acoustic version of `` Never Going Back Again '' , wonderful ! Christine sings `` Songbird '' the same way it was originally recorded , in an empty concert hall . I also liked the old concert footage . It 's interesting how the sound engineers and Lindsey break down the songs at the mixing table for the viewer . There 's even a bit of `` Oh Daddy '' with Stevie 's vocals in the front . Very interesting for FM fans .
 This entry in the Classic Album series is EASILY the juiciest and best . This was a band dealing with internal strife , drugs , jealousy , and pain . And it all came together into what would become one of the most iconic albums in rock and roll.In this series of interviews , you get the dish from each and every one of the band members as well as some objective comments from the album 's producer and engineer . It is a fascinating peek behind the curtain and rivals any soap opera you 've ever seen.Absolutely worth watching !
 The Rumours DVD is a retrospective documentary made 21 years after its release . Nothing more and nothing less . It 's appeal will primarily benefit those interested in the way the tracks were laid down , the underlying emotions that led to the creation of the individual songs , and hearing bits and pieces of the tracks with the other instruments removed . It 's important to remember that no filming occurred in the Record Plant -LRB- their recording studio -RRB- during the sessions . The film footage that did exist was all post production concert footage ; sound quality that is poor by present video based audio standards.With that said , those interested in learning how one of the most emotionally charged albums in Rocks history was created will find the DVD very gratifying . Those looking for film footage of the songs being played in their entirety will be disappointed .
 By far , one of the best videos I 've ever purchased . This video takes each band member down memory lane and you get a wonderful inside scoop to what was really going on behind the scenes making Rumors . Stevie , Christine , Lindsey , John & Mick tell of how their very personal struggles with each other had to be put aside for the survival of the band . With all the emotions running in high gear , no wonder this was their best album yet . I had to watch it a couple of times ... Remarkable video about a remarkable band .
 This DVD is fanstatic , the interviews are great the band has made it through all the tough times , they are going to have with each other and come out the other side.This insight to this classic album is just great a wonderful look , into their lives and problems they where having at the time.Now we can rely see and hear the rumours album the way it was.Now all that needs to happen , is for the record company to get off there back sides and re-issue the cd digitally remastered . While there at it do a new greatest hits digitally remastered , would be great too .
 While I am one of the more `` anti-Rumours '' Fleetwood Mac fans -LRB- I love the album , do n't get me wrong but it 's not FM 's best work and it is overrated -RRB- this DVD is a must have for any true Fleetwood Mac fan . We 've all heard the story about the relationships , Stevie and Lindsey , Christine and John , Stevie and Mick , the drugs , etc. but this release goes into what it 's all about ; the music . It 's really great to hear parts of the song such as the background vocals in You Make Loving Fun or the music as in Oh Daddy.This definitely brought a new perspective on the Rumours album for myself , a die-hard Fleetwood Mac fan .
 Amazing . What a treat ! This takes you inside the making of Rumors . This is one of the best albums of all time and I am so glad someone made this video . Worth every cent !
 If you love the Stevie and Lindsey era your going to love this CD !!! This is jam packed with interview with the entire band , how they got started , and all the ups and downs thru the years .
 Let 's be truthful here . If you 're a Fleetwood Mac fan ; seen the interviews on television , read the magazine articles , etc. , you will probably not glean much more information off of this DVD.However , you may pick up some new information . For instance , most of the information fans have gathered over the years has been the `` emotional '' aspect of the band 's Rumours period . What this DVD brings to the table is more of a technical aspect of making one of rock 's greatest albums.Oh ! and for the record
 I really loved the documentary . But I felt like it could have been a little more juicier . I was led to believe that it was a lot of trash talking about each other . That is was gossip at it 's best . I found it to be quite truthful . Stories about each band members experiences in the group . It was just simply , the truth . No lies . It was n't alway 's wonderful times . I guess it just was n't anything I have n't heard before . But , it is still great to have for my collection of Fleetwood Mac music videos , documentries , etc. .
 Fleetwood Mac in the studio how cool is that . Ever wondered what it was like working with the Mac or the workings behind a record this is for you . Well worth the time to watch . The music is a big plus ! It 's always nice visiting rumors again and what a way to visit . This does n't disappoint .
 I love the classic Albums series . At this time I have ten of the DVD 's and just ordered 3 more . So I am somewhat biased in my opinion . It 's easy to see why the Rumours album is considered a classic . Every song on the album is great . The video gets into the creative process behind some of the songwriting and the inspiration for some of their ideas.During the recording of the album there were two couples in the band basically going through the process of breaking up . So there was a lot of tension behind the scenes , as they were putting the album together . When you hear the final product , though , you would never know it . At least they were still able to maintain a certain level of professionalism as musicians and a band.I have not yet purchased one from the series I have n't thoroughly enjoyed . I am a musician myself and I compose and record my own music . I love getting the inside scoop on how these albums are made and the behind the scenes look at the processes of songwriting and recording . These videos often get into the impact many of these albums have on popular music and how some have influenced musicians who have come after them . Great series . I want to buy them all .
 I 've enjoyed the music and their presentation of it , but this foremat of letting us understand how they do it is very interesting . The interplay between the members is really enlightening , especially as it affects their writing and phraseology . I got real pleasure with this format . JRF
 it 's good to go back and see how the band members felt and recall their time in making this very important album . i just love how the engineers and producers can go back to the studio and select different tracks , break them down so you can hear what went into them instrument by instrument . lindsey buckingham is a wizard in the studio . stevie nicks and christine mcvie are philosophical about those times and are interviewed in nice settings . mick and john are their practical selves . yea the music clips come up a little short . but it 's not a concert tape . i 'm glad they could put some of those clips in . an important look back on the making of one of the most important albums of all time .
 Fleetwood Mac goes way back as a RnB band , but when Christine McVie , and Buckingham and Nicks , joined , they could n't have made a better move nor better music . It 's a shame that Stevie Nicks said she gave up on having children to keep Fleetwood Mac going , but that 's on her head .
 I was so happy to receive this vhs item . All and more than expected.The price could n't have been better ... unless free of course ! But what a deal ! Thank-you ! All packaging , Quality and time of shipment was great !
 It 's Fleetwood Mac , what can I say ? Anything involving their music and history is a plus . You just got ta love it !!
 I am a huge Fleetwood Mac fan and was very happy that I found this album . It works great !!!! I am also amazed by the service and how caring they are . I will be buying from them again !!!
 First off , let me say that several people have reviewed this item incorrectly . The item above is NOT the AUDIO DVD of the Rumours album -LRB- DVD-A -RRB- . The Audio DVD is a completely different experience than the item you are looking at . This item is a regular `` movie '' visual-type DVD that includes interviews with the band and that breaks down the music peice by peice . It 's been on TV before ... and , it 's been available on VHS for quite a long time . With that said ... Being a huge FM and Stevie fan , I purchased this on DVD hoping that it might have additional footage or features that were not on the VHS -LRB- which , of course I have already -RRB- . Well sadly , there is nothing additional on the DVD . However , this is still such a GREAT thing to have . It 's absolutely amazing to listen to Stevie , alone at her candlelit piano , singing `` Dreams '' . It makes me cry because it 's so beautiful . That 30 seconds of video ALONE is worth the purchase price . It 's incredible to hear the music `` taken apart '' at the soundboard , instrument by instrument , sound by sound , voice by voice . It really helps you understand and appreciate the painstaking process this was for all of them . If you 've never seen it , you really should buy it - on either format - DVD or VHS - it really makes no difference .
 The GoodAhh , turmoil makes for good albums , but who did n't know that 's what Rumours was all about . It 's still quite interesting to hear Fleetwood Mac tell the stories themselves of how the songs that made up their landmark album came together . Why `` Rhiannon '' is included here is beyond me , it was n't even on that album . The song was released when Buckingham and Nicks joint the group one album prior , so there 's some significance . It was Christine that came up with the chunky riff that dominates `` You Make Loving Fun '' , but together with Lindsey they made a masterpiece . Between a classic live performance of the song , John and Christine discuss their troubled relationship during the recording . Stevie Nicks reveals that she wrote `` Dreams '' in Sly Stones bed , and how Lindsey always had a way to make her songs sound great , when he was happy with her . The Scottish/Irish folk influenced `` Second Hand News '' was a Buckingham contribution . He reveals that he was listening to the Bee Gee 's `` Jive Talking '' at the time he wrote it . Mick Fleetwood offers an interesting little tidbit here ; he was n't the odd man out when it came to dysfunctional relationship . Not only were Lindsey and Stevie & John and Christine on the skid , he was dealing with his best friend sleeping with his wife . They 're still friends today though.Mick breaks down the little pieces that make up `` Go Your Own Way '' in the studio to show how it all comes together . Lindsey demonstrates on an acoustic guitar how important the background riff to the song was . Some great stories come out of the discussion of `` Never Going Back Again '' . Stevie and Christine always had each other to turn to , John emphasizes how drug use was common place back then , but realizes how bad they were , and the producers tell a hilarious story of mishandled drugs . You 've got ta love Lindsey 's afro in the video for `` Do n't Stop '' . The band goes into how the song is connected to President Clinton . The producer states that he felt `` Songbird '' sounded like a concert hall type song , so they booked a concert hall to record it . They set up a piano with flowers and champagne for Christine to play away . They include performance footage in which I ca n't tell if it 's Christine back then or Christine today . She really has n't aged a bit . The DVD covers the song `` Silver Springs '' which did n't actually appear on the album . The producers said they had to cut it due to time space . There 's a live performance of `` The Chain '' from the eighties , circa Lindsey 's funny hat days . The group reveals that the song was changed at the last minute to make it work.The BadThe group does their interviews separate from each other.The VerdictThe stories are just as compelling as the album .
 I 've read several reviews of this DVD and have some advice . Learn how to operate your DVD player ! I 've heard people say they were expecting a documentary , and people expecting the Rumours album uninterrupted . This DVD contains both and is an excellent investment for any Fleetwood Mac or music fan in general.For Fleetwood Mac fans , the opportunity to hear Go Your Own Way , followed by Silver Springs is priceless and the way that these songs were meant to be heard -- point/counterpoint . For those of us out there who have been listening to this album since 1977 , you will be astounded by the harmonies , the instrumentals , and vocals that have never been heard before , even on the highest quality CD.For the general music fan , Fleetwood Mac fan or not , this DVD is pure musical craftsmanship ! The sound quality , vocals , etc. are top notch and can be enjoyed by anyone with a love and/or knowledge of music that stands the test of time . The music on Rumours is not dated in any way . The theme of love lost , covered in Dreams , Go Your Own Way , and Silver Springs , to name a few , along side the theme of love found , covered by You Make Loving Fun , Do n't Stop , and Songbird are as timely today as they were in 1977 . In other words , something for everyone , and a cut above the rest .
 How would you like it if you were breaking up with a spouse or lover , but while you were doing it , you were forced to spend fifteen hours a day with that person for a solid year ? Oh and by the way ... your former love would be writing publicly about the whole experience ! That 's pretty much the dilemma the members of the music group , Fleetwood Mac experienced , while making one of the biggest selling rock albums to come out of the 1970s . The history of this album 's creation is explored in this episode of Rhino 's Classic Albums series documentary , `` Fleetwood Mac Rumors '' . This is an episode of a series , where performers , writers and producers analyze and talk about a classic album they helped create . In this case we get imput from producer Keith Olsen and all the members of the ` Rumors era ' Fleetwood Mac.The documentary is excellent in giving us access to vintage film clips and beautiful stills of the band from the mid to late '70s . More importantly the members of the band give detailed stories and explanations of the real life ` soap opera ' behind the album 's songs . Some of them were funny -LRB- the band diving for a huge bag of fake cocaine , that was droped to the floor -RRB- or sad -LRB- how Christine McVie could barely talk to her former husband , while making the album -RRB- . The viewer also gets to follow Lindsey Buckingham , Mick Fleetwood and Producer , Ken Olsen into the original studio and listen to the recordings being broken down by their musical and vocal tracks . We get to hear the intricacies of Mick Fleetwood 's expansive drumming style and how John McVie 's bass led each song . The tracks also show what an underated guitarist , Lindsey Buckingham really is and the beauty in the stand alone harmonies of Stevie Knicks & Christine McVie . But my favorite part of the documentary is Christine McVie 's live performance of the tune `` Songbird '' at the very same auditorium she used to record it over twenty five years ago . Watching her perform this lovely , but heartbreaking song still sends shivers down my spine ! If you are fan of Fleetwood Mac or just plain old rock n ' roll in general , then this DVD is not to to be missed ! Highly recommended !
 This was easily the most enlightening of the various Mac documentaries made around the time of the `` Dance '' reunion . The band members all provide insightful commentary on their contributions to `` Rumours , '' and each of the writers -LRB- Stevie , Lindsey and Christine -RRB- performs a solo version of one of their songs from the album . Best of all , though , are the in-studio breakdowns of the eleven tracks . We get to hear the bone-chilling screams at the end of `` Gold Dust Woman '' and the beautiful acoustic guitar work on `` Silver Springs , '' for example , stripped of all accompaniment . These segments of the video make the intricate craftmanship of the album more obvious -- and breathtaking -- than ever before .
 I have purchased this DVD , and love it . I have been a Fleetwood Mac fan for over 25 years -LRB- yes , the Stevie/Lindsey lineup -RRB- . Yes , like some have said , the audio and video are n't the best that are out there on the market , but it 's good and entertaining to hear from the band members and the producers what went into it - emotionally and technically . But , this is NOT the DVD-Audio of Rumours that has recently been released . This DVD is a video DVD , not the audio of the original recordings put into a digitalized 5.1 / surround sound format . I purchased this video DVD about one year ago , and the Rumours DVD-A was just released this past spring of 2001 . Some people have reviewed the DVD-A here in error . As much as I enjoy watching this DVD -LRB- over and over again -RRB- , the DVD-A is awesome - when played on a surround-sound system , or on a DVD Audio player . So , for all of us real fans , buy this DVD , watch it to find out what the recording was really like , then buy the DVD-A to hear what it was actually like . Makes you feel like you were in the studio with them !
 If you are a Fleetwood Mac fan then this should be in your collection ASAP . The sound quality is excellent for DVD . If you 're a recording engineering type you 'll love how Richard Dashut and Ken Calliat -LRB- and sometimes Lindsey Buckingham -RRB- break down each song to understand the core of a song . Christine McVie 's `` Songbird '' is extremely powerful .
 If the archival video footage of the songs had been shown in their entirety , I would rate this DVD a 10 + . That stuff is out there , these clips are teasers . In fact , I own some old FM concert VHS tapes which I purchased when new -LRB- Tusk documentary , Mirage tour , etc -RRB- . I look at the vaults on The Very Best of Fleetwood Mac cd and wonder why not DVD ? Frustrating , they would look and sound great . Still , I never saw the Rumours photo session footage which is included on this DVD and that was an unexpected treat even if it was too short . I knew at the time of Rumours release that there was a lot of turmoil going on in the band but had no idea to what extent until I watched these interviews . All 's well now apparently since they have a new cd due out in April . I sure will miss Christine , though . I recommend this DVD to any old diehard Fleetwood Mac fans who crave anything from those good old days and also to the new ones so that you can learn about their history .
 A spectactular review of Rumours and of the group itself , this `` Classic Albums '' DVD adds to the already sizeable reputation of Fleetwood Mac . The original album alone speaks for itself -LRB- certainly one of the top 5 albums of all time -RRB- but to now hear all members dissect each song with memories and anecdotes on this DVD made these songs an extremely joyful experience all over again for me.Listening to the group discuss these classic songs now -LRB- these are 1997 interviews -RRB- , one can still see some of the intense emotions that constituted the making of the album . Whether it 's Lindsey Buckingham reminiscing about the making of `` Gold Dust Woman '' or Stevie Nicks talking about her emotions during the recording of `` Go Your Own Way '' , the viewer gets a true feeling for the emotional committment that each member made during this period . Candid , intense and informal and also with the benefit of 20 years perspective , the producers have added another cornerstone in the ongoing drama that makes this group so popular.All song selections are also looked at from a sound engineers perspective using the original tapes and a multi track sound board . We see how the vocals were broken down and how the instrumentation fit in ... basically how each song was built and what influences were used -LRB- i.e. Lindsey Buckingham admitting that he `` borrowed '' some `` textures '' from the Bee Gees song `` Jive Talking '' -RRB- . Context of the times during these original recordings is a big part of each song 's discussion and the mix of interviews with just the right amount of music makes this DVD a pleasure to watch over and over again.With Fleetwood Mac back out on the road again -LRB- for their 2003 Tour minus Christine McVie -RRB- , the group will undoubtedly get another popularity injection ... this DVD shows the group in relatively recent interviews and should show a different generation the `` power '' of Fleetwood Mac . Highest recommendation !!
 For any Fleetwood Mac fans this DVD is excellent . It is a documentary on the making of Fleetwood Mac 's finest album `` RUMORS '' . The video and audio quality is great . Also , the interviews with each bad member on their impressions , emotions and artistic review of each song really makes one appreciate Rumors more !
 Besides being an interesting and wonderful description of all the songs on Rumours , it turns out that this DVD is an overall great summary of the history of the band and the relationships of it 's members . I 've sent it to a few of my friends who are attending the 2009 Unleashed tour - seeing Fleetwood Mac for the first time - so they can appreciate what these songs meant to the members in the band and what was going on behind the scenes at the time . It includes fantastic filmed performances from the 70 's of each song and the band members really open up in telling the story behind this amazing album and everything that was going on around them at the time . There 's no doubt that , after watching this , you will be seeking out their other DVD 's -LRB- and I still ca n't believe that the Tusk Documentary and Mirage Concert have not been re-released onto DVD !!!!! -RRB- The VHS copies still around are worth finding!Current recommendations
 This comes from the great `` Classic Albums '' series and is a fantastic look behind the making of Rumours . Featuring interviews with all band members and their producers you get a real sense of the turmoil and creativity that went into each song.From the conception of many of the songs to how they became layered , completed mixes , I love hearing each songwriter 's story . There are a few performances such as `` You make loving fun '' , `` Dreams '' and the `` Chain '' but this is not for you if you just want to see live performances . Nevertheless this is a great doco ,
 Returning to the circumstances surrounding the recording of the Fleetwood Mac 's `` Rumours '' is as nostalgic , glowing and painful for the viewer as it is for the members of the band . That 's a great accomplishment for a documentary . We find our own experiences that we attached to the songs back in 1977 were perhaps rosier than those who wrote , sang and recorded this pop masterpiece . But we 've all aged and experienced much of what these artists have and were immersed in at the time ; and it 's brave of them not only to have recorded it in the first place , but to return to the experience with such candor . And `` big '' love does n't really leave us . Its face may change or we may hold it closer to or farther from us , but once we 've experienced it , those chains will always `` keep us together . '' Very personal filmmaking here with exquisite sound .
 I loved this video ! Having bought multiple copies of the album , cassette , and finally CD -LRB- which does n't wear out ! -RRB- , it should be obvious that I 'm ecstatic about the music . Now , I 've added this wonderful inside look to my collection . If you 're a Fleetwood Mac `` Rumours '' fan , this is the best gift you could receive from someone ! Every Fleetwood Mac fan will love this on their shelf to replay at will . Phenomenal !
 For one who does n't know much about how music is recorded and mixed , this is a great DVD . No , it is n't just show clips of the Rumours songs , which some people may be looking for , but it tells you how each song came together . This is a wonderful history of how this album was created .
 This video was awesome ! For anyone who is fascinated with the dynamics of Fleetwood Mac , this video gives the scoop on the incredible Rumors recording . It tells about the circumstances surrounding the composition of many of the classic songs , and gives the story about why Silver Springs was n't included on the album . Buy it now ... you wo n't regret it !
 Awesome DVD love the group.Love the alblum.Love this DVD with all it 's commentary from group members this is a must have for true blue or casual fans of Fleetwood Mac .
 Classic ; never really realized how much better than the previous album this record was . Saw these guys in Boulder , with 50,000 other people in the rain . Started raining when they came on and quit when they finished . Great show .
 A really wonderful stroll down memory lane . His voice is like buttah , and the instrumentals are great . A real loss to the music world then and now .
 This is the second single from Timo 's new cd and is better than `` To Get Down '' . This single also ... topped Billboard 's Club chart and that is Mr. Maas ' first to do so as an artist . This cd is fron the UK and features two brilliant remixes of the song . First off it features the toasting/talking style of MC Chickaboo , whom I have never heard of before but is a welcome addition to the song . The mixes are by Scanty which takes the song on a little more aggressive house/techno stance that is for the underground or more rave induced crowd . This mix is 7:44 . The second mix is by Roger Sanchez and his S-Man 's Heartbreaka mix is more mainstream but still a little out there in style . This mix is what most American DJ 's have been playing and is a little bit more aggressive that what Roger Sanchez is used to producing as a remix . This mix is 8:43 and the best mix for my taste . You also get a video and single mix of the song too . I also think it nicks a bit from Pat Benatar 's `` Heartbreaker '' chorus too .
 This single from Timo 's album `` Loud '' is a hard-hitting tune that shows Maas mastering the production of top-shelf disco and funk . The heart of this track is the standout rap provide by MC Chickaboo , who brings a tropical pulse to the track with his stylistic delivery . While the track seemed to start in a bit monotonous manner , it quickly finds an uptempo groove that makes for a great early evening track . The Scanty Mix is a blazing arrangement of funky techno that gets a bit hard to follow after a time , but with such an awesome starting point , Maas harnesses the energy and manages to take the track an even higher level . The Roger Sanchez S-Man 's Heartbreaka Mix is a deep mix from one of the top house producers today . Sanchez 's mix creates a vibe that focuses on the merging of MC Chickaboo 's vocals with the deep backing bass line . This combination achieves a classic sound throughout this mix , which makes this remix massive . With tracks like Shifter , Timo Mass appears to be trying to reach out to an audience comprised of both electronic music fans and general fans of mainstream radio in a way that should receive monumental results . - review by Shawn Wallace
 Timo Mass ' recent album , `` Loud , '' is a great collection of dance experiments and modern electronica . `` Shifter '' is the perfect way to sample the album ; it is the kind of single that you need to hear only once in order to fall in love with it . It is full of attitude , a catchy and contagious beat , and some funky lyrics . The single includes two mixes plus the video -LRB- which is just as crazy -RRB- , it is a great buy for those who might wan na wait a little before buying the album . Highly recommended .
 If you 're not interested in improvisational music this probably is n't for you . Bobby Short began his long career in vaudeville performances as a teen-ager . All of these tracks are live performances , not a studio recording , from a musician who fills the room he 's in , not projecting himself at a microphone . What sounds totally natural to me will possibly grate on some folks nerves.Featured composers include
 Having bought this Utah Saints CD on the strength of the singles `` Something Good '' and `` What Can You Do for Me '' , I found the rest of the disc to be surprisingly enjoyable . I will start by saying that these two singles still standout as the best songs on the disc . `` Something Good '' is as danceable today as it was when it was released 20 years ago . The sampling of Kate Bush with a synthesized house beat is infectous on the dance floor . `` What Can You Do for Me '' is just a step below `` Something Good '' , still catchy and danceable , but not as memeorable as it pulls from the Eurythmics . Other standouts on the disc inclue `` New Gold Dream '' with samples from Simple Minds , `` My Mind Must Be Free '' , and `` Trans Atlantic Glide '' . The entire album is high energy and danceable . My only regret is that the album does not contain `` Believe in Me '' with sample from The Human League 's `` Love Action '' , which is only available on the UK Version .
 These guys are/were predecessors to Prodigy , Chemical Brothers and the like . All they need now is a GAP commercial and they 'll be performing at the Grammy 's next year . This is probably the first techno album that I liked . Songs like `` I want you '' are superb . Every song on the album is well architected . Still sounds as refreshing today as it did -LRB- gulp ! -RRB- 7 years ago!Too bad they did n't come out with anything else for release in the US . Another talented band that is the victim of mis-management . The album , however , is a classic ... 5 stars !
 I cant believe how awesome the music on this cd is ! have had it for about 6 years now and have never gotten tired of it ! great buy if you like Enigma , Robert Miles , Deep Forest .
 This album contains danceable techno and mellow techno -LRB- trancey/ambient -RRB- . Unlike most albums , ALL of the songs on this album are great . You 'll definitely get your money 's worth from this album . And even though it 's over 6 years old , the music still sounds brilliant . Like Michael Stipe of R.E.M. said , this album was several years ahead of its time .
 Buy Now this Cd , keep it in the box until January 1st of 2002 ... then just listen it ... I 'm sure you 'll find a new kind of music . I mean , this cd contains music from the next millenium . So , Take control of the machine Now ! Hope you like it ! -LRB- if do n't . . just keep it in the box for another 10 years -RRB- From Argentina ... Larra .
 Not sure whether there are other variations of this cd which have been produced or if the tracklisting on Amazon.com is incorrect.My cd has the following tracklisting -LRB- and also has a blue cover , not black -RRB- :1 . New Gold Dream2 . What Can You Do For Me3 . Soulution4 . Believe In Me5 . Too Much To Swallow6 . Something Good7 . I Want You8 . States Of Mind9 . Trance Atlantic Glide10 . Kinetic Synthetic11 . What Can You Do For Me ? -LRB- 1926 Melodic Mix -RRB- 12 . My Mind Must Be FreeI really love this album . It is one of my favourites . ` Utah Saints ' is brilliant because nearly every song is as catchy as the last and while each track has something different to offer , one track to another does n't stray too far away from what you 'd expect songs on this album to sound like . -LRB- Some records do this and it 's disappointing and feels strange -RRB- . * ` New Gold Dream ' is something that can be listened to over and over , emotive dramatic lyrics as well , he sounds very sincere and almost in agony when he sings in this song , when he says `` She 's your friend '' he probably is the most convincing , like he 's stating a fact , before '' ... until the ocean rains '' which is more lighthearted and not as intense . His voice is reminiscent of David Bowie in this tune . * In the 2nd song ` What Can You Do For Me ' I like how they scream `` The hottest band in the world ! '' and all the other stuff like they 're really pumped up and angry before the song slides into something melodic and pretty . * ` Soulution ' reminds me of someone going on a long journey on holiday somewhere , running along sand in a desert barefoot just feeling free . * ` Believe In Me ' was really cool especially the chirping female singers over the top of the music and how they repeat , `` I believe in me I believe in you and you know I believe in love '' . Very fun . * ` Too Much To Swallow ' was another favourite , it 's nice to have some songs around that are purely instrumental but it does n't matter cause they 're cool anyway . * ` Something Good ' - The updated version ` Something Good 08 ' is a far better way to listen to this song , it 's not as slow and is a great dance track . * ' I Want You ' was very grungey . The machines they used for part of the background sounded sorta like a skateboarder grinding along a steel pipe and their voices are all disjointed like their soundwaves are being broken apart in some sort of blender - interesting . * ` States Of Mind ' was similar to the music they play in souvenir shops . Cds which would have titles like
 It is true that this CD was published many years ago , but the Utah Saints ' combination of dance and trance songs on this album have not withered with time . Their dance tracks are great for the dance floor , and their ambient/trance tracks are enough to make anyone stare off into space for a long time after it ends . Totally awesome .
 Of all the `` mainstream '' techno CD I 've bought over the years , this is one of the very few I can listen to agian and again and again and again ...
 if you are/were a fan of pwei , prodigy -LRB- the older stuff , before the dancer dude started yelling over the music -RRB- , and 90s uk dance , then this is fun stuff . i find it hard to believe anyone other than me is `` on the fence '' whether to buy it or not . i got it for `` something good '' like everyone else , then as i heard on i was like `` this is actually great 90s uk dance ! '' which is the stuff i love , candyflip , chapterhouse , happy mondays , hollow men , pwei , all that air-fairy uk dance stuff , when genre-merging was rather successful , is some of the most fun stuff in my eyes . if you try to compare `` the old with the new '' it 's not realistic , also , i feel like older music had more a of a soul to it . that 's why i listen to 90s drum n bass/jungle , do i have newer of electronic genres ? sure , but unless it 's top top notch -LRB- first boards of canada , music has the right -RRB- and stuff that is inspired -LRB- just got marumari 's the wolves hollow and it 's really cool stuff also -RRB- , newer electronica feels like `` we have better toys to create with , but ran out of ideas years ago '' i will take the time to say the kompakt label kills it , m. mayer is wonderful , his album `` immer '' is deserving of the acclaim it will always get , and the total kompakt series has a few that are great , but that 's based on an older ethos of german minimalism , that is so modern , but has it 's heart in the past . anyway , this is a fun cd for a used price , there is more than something good , even if it 's the best cut , the rest is just as good and is a fun listen . everyone lighten up a little for jared 's sake ok ?
 If I was stranded on a desert island with one album it would be this one . One deep complex song after another . Put on the headphones , close your eyes and take a trip into a world where the beat never ends and melodies play with your emotions .
 They were a great group . Just try and find a copy of this now . This one burned up when my truck caught on fire . Anybody have this old album up for sale ?
 Upon intial inspection , the average listener will think this is yet another classics cd with nothing fresh going on.First and foremost , Glenn has been a highly underrated singer . All his career we know he was in the background , you always marveled at his vocal acuity , yet somehow he just could n't seem to `` get over . `` Notwithstanding , this is a beaaaaaaaaautiful cd . Glenn indeed breathes new life in some timeless classics . He even tightened up `` Show & Tell '' a song , I was n't that crazy about when first released but this is yet a perfect example of Glenn breathing freshness into some wonderful R&B ; classics . Kudos goes to his female partner on ` Where is the Love '' and `` My First Love . '' These guys are saaaaangin ' ya 'll , okay?I really feel good about giving a guy who has been out there in the trenches for quite a while his flowers now . He has managed to present a wonderful project that he can be proud of and that you will enjoy for years to come !
 Glenn Jones has one of the most fabulous voices of all time . He 's right there with Luther , Marvin and the rest . Unfortunately he gets ignored for much less talented singers . If you 'd just like to hear a fantastic voice sing fantastic songs , buy this . You definitely wo n't be disappointed .
 If you 're looking for old school/r & b or soul music ... You 're Sweet , You 're Fine , You 're Everything ... need I say more . This song was worth the entire purchase of this CD . Glenn 's voice is gorgeous on this song . The entire CD is good and there are no fillers . Give it a listen . You wo n't be disappointed .
 One stop CD for all Glenn Jones fans , it will take you back to a time when music , vocals and words danced gracefully together . ` Here I go again ' is the number one song !!
 Glenn Jones is one of my favorite all time old school artist . This CD is just flawless . I have all of his music and love every song . Even singing remakes sounds like his own . Great CD for old school romantic listeners .
 The music has too much heart and soul . Has to have came from an angel
 i was startled by them , like unexpected loud knocking on my door . why should i be startled by african drums in brazilian music ? probably because as a north american hearing brazilian music i 've grown use to expecting sexy sambas , picturing a man in an expensive suit strolling across the floor of a casino toward a woman wearing pearls and a black dress , and that same couple later in a bedroom with champagne.uri caine includes those kind of tunes as well on rio , but he also takes a trip outside in the streets and to bars . and in the streets , between tunes , a car driving from hotel to small club and muted drumming and murmuring are heard , a point well made by caine.on some numbers shouts mingle with loud drums , in a way no north american musician who plays jazz has ever done , except archie shepp , shepp 's yasmina is well worth checking out if you like the drums and shouts on rio.caine also brought home his point about brazilian music by not including horns , and i say this as a listener who loves horns . whenever i encounter the words ` horns ' and ` brazil ' , here 's another picture
 -LRB- only -RRB- A bit dissapointing . This time Uri did n't change the original brasilian tunes too much , as you could expect from his `` clssical '' records . In fact , he is playing piano with few native drummers , the sound is powerfull , music enjoyable , but it 's not very original . In addition , it 's recorded int he vein of `` real place '' like some other records by Winter & Winter , between tracks you can hear the people crowded in the bar -LRB- fake bar , actually it was recorded in a studio -RRB- and the sounds of the streets of Rio . Maybe that was the concept
 Review by
 `` THIS PRODUCT IS A PHD IN DELIVERANCE . WHEN YOU LISTEN TO THE ANNOINTING ON THIS CD YOU WILL BE PARDON , HEALED AND DELIVERED . AMEN ! ''
 hello , my name is brandon whitson and i have been collecting power metal since i was old enough to know what a stereo was . im allways on the lookout for new and amazing metal bands . paragon have been around for quite some time now . to give you metallians a good idea of the style of paragon here is an example . on the album chalice of steel PARAGON had guest musicians and friends from bands such as iron savior and gamma ray to lend a helping hand in the writing process . and even an exciter cover . needless to say this album follows in paragons traditional style of bold aggressive , mellodic , and super charged galloping riff , s just as all their albums do . PARAGON has a style that brings to mind the middle ages trillogy era of gravedigger , or any grave digger for that matter . listening to highlights from this album such as # 3 . traitor . and the amazing metal anthem # 6 . symphony of pain , you cant help but think you are listening to gravedigger . I am not trying to say that paragon are a total copy off of grave digger because they have alot of other styles of metal in the mix as well . the cover of manowars the gods made heavy metal is not bad but they would have sounded much better doing a manowar song like violence and bloodshed . Any way if you love power metal and if you love the feeling you get when you hear a new metal song that just gets your veins pumping and makes your hair feel like it going to start growing rapidly like a wherewolf , then you will love paragon , any of their albums are worth owning . and if you are a true metallian and are on the prowl for more amazing metal you might want to check out such amazing albums as . WOLF -LRB- evil star -RRB- , ROB ROCK -LRB- holy hell -RRB- a must have . SILENT FORCE -LRB- worlds apart -RRB- . any primal fear , espescially jaws of death and black sun . or even some old classic power metal albums such as LIEGE LORD -LRB- master control -RRB- with the awesome eye of the storm , or BURNNING STARR -LRB- the 2 albums with mike tirelli on vocals and savatages bass player . and if you love classic power metal you must check out ATTACKER and manilla road.GRAVE DIGGER has a ton of awesome albums , try out tunes of war and knights of the cross , and rheingold.PARAGON fits in nicely with all of these bands i have mentioned . any true metallian cant deny that there is just so much amazing power metal out there to be heard , from the beauty and mellody of greats such as stratovarius -LRB- destiny -RRB- or even the more pop power metal style of the ever amazing pink cream 69 -LRB- electrified -RRB- and all the way to the epic scene with its amazingly tallented acts such as twisted tower dire and their amazing masterpiece crest of the martyrs.and the amazing into eternity who throw arch enemy and andromeda all into one to make an amazing growl plus clean power metal style . then you have the bands that pour speed power and beauty all into one like pyramaze or dragonforce . so may metal allways stay in your heart and give these amazing bands a try . BRANDON WHITSON of N.C.
 Paragon border on both traditional and power metal and do it quite well . From the opener right through to the cover of Manowar 's `` The Gods Made Heavy Metal '' this CD smokes . They vary the speed of the songs but never get thrashy . Traitor has some definite Judas Priest style rythms and is catchy as hell . The opener Impaler is a faster hard driving number with great deep shouts by the whole band that add to the power of the song . There 's no fillers or crap on this CD , just in your face Heavy Metal . The cover of the Manowar song is an excellent way to finish off the CD . Crank this one up loud and bang your head !!!
 I suppose the argument could be made that this is power metal , but categorization was never my strong point . Let me tell you why I call this traditional metal - no keyboards , no orchestration , no operatic vocals , and just a sparse usage of sound effects . This is straightforward guitar/bass/drums / vocals heavy metal.What I really like about this album is that it possesses some really great riffs . It has a good mix of straight-ahead thrashers , mid-paced rockers , and some Iron Maiden-esque epic length opuses . The only thing I can think of to compare it to is early Blind Guardian . Vocalist Andreas Babuschkin belts out some great screams and even some growls that approach death metal intensity . Guitarists Martin Christian and Gunny Kruse do a great job of producing great riffs and squealing solos , while bassist Jan Bunning and drummer Markus Corby hold down the low end with rumbling ferocity . There 's plenty of double bass drums and and tight , fast , beats , but also plenty of variety with slower songs to keep the whole thing from getting stale.The first song , `` Impaler '' is perhaps the album 's most agressive , and opens with a shredding riff that is quickly joined by a rumbling double-bass up-tempo beat that creates and powerful 1-2 punch . Another high point for me was `` Masters of the Seas '' , and nine-and-a-half minute epic about pirates that weaves deftly through peaks and valleys of fast-and-slow impact.The only thing that kept me from giving this album 5 stars was that a few of the songs feel sort of like filler , but overall this is a superb disc full of excellent muscianmanship and well-written lyrics . If you 're a fan of Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , and traditional metal in general , you wo n't regret giving Paragon a try , whom I feel are underrrated and overlooked . Truly a great band , and they deserve plenty of recognition .
 My first reaction was `` oh my god ... I remember that ! '' . While you may date yourself by admitting this I can also assure you that you will enjoy most of these songs if you are a child of the 80 's . There are n't a whole lot of collections featuring the distinctive dance sounds from that era but this set manages a nice variety that will transport you back . `` Classics '' such as ` Living On Video ' , ` Point of No Return ' , or ` People Are Still Having Sex ' will transport you back to school dances in a simpler time of 80 's capital greed . I would not recommend blasting these songs with your car windows rolled down but this set is great for working out , theme parties , or just a nice stroll through memory lane .
 I work in a office of kids , as a matter of fact my nick name is the old man . In my office I am lax about my co-workers listening to music at thier P.C. as long as it is not to extreme . Anyhow one day I came in to hear a gettoised version of Every Breath You Take along with a bad re-make of I drove All Night . I have to admit Miss Dion is talented however my girl Cindy would have her for luch if she heard how bad her song was remade . Unfortunately I think the 90 's created a music audiance that has no idea what music is . So I bought this box set and forced them to listen to it while at work . -LRB- It is good to be the Boss no offense to Bruce -RRB- . I have to admit some of the employees are starting to come around . Some of the newer folks ask me if these are new mixes on quote modern songs . I admit , it gets frusterating explaing over and over again about how badly the 90 's affected the music industry and no these are the original artists . The songs in this set are a good foundation for anyone seeking to go back in time and worship at the alter of 80 's Gods . Now if I could only pick up a DeLorean and some Plutonium I would be good to go .
 This is quite the box set . Nicely priced and full of 80 's dance classics although if I 'm not mistaken , Enigma came out in the 90 's . At any rate , this is a four CD set full of dance tracks from the 80 's which will give any lover of that decade motivation to move his feet . All the songs are extended versions for more oompth and they make a nice addition for your party music . If you love dance tracks and the 80 's you 'll love this box set ! And with the price you ca n't go wrong . Highly recommended .
 This disc contains some extremely rare and valuable recordings of Crowley himself . For those interested in his rituals , this disc will help to learn the intonations and pronounciations he uses in his invocations/rituals -LRB- including his pronounciation of Enochian -- the first and second Aethers -LRB- keys -RRB- are recorded both in English and in the original Enochian itself.Some of the disc consists of his poems -LRB- interesting , but not relevant to the student or researcher interested in his metaphysical work -RRB- and there 's even a recording of him singing!Those who have read Crowley extensively will be suprised at his voice , he does n't sound as one would expect him to . But once he is actually intoning a chant , the `` voice '' that you would expect appears to come out.Overall , a bit crackly -LRB- not unusual considering the very old sources -RRB- but well -LRB- if a bit unevenly -RRB- digitally enhanced , inconsistent -LRB- mixing magickal ritual with poetry -- as , of course , did the Equinox -RRB- , and -- to the individual with a serious interest in Crowley , indespensible.I rated it 4 stars for value to the collector or practictioner , and would rate it 2 stars for quality and consistancy . Overall , a must have .
 If you 're into Crowley , you will definitley want this cd.no one does it quite like Crowley.Understand this recording was made around 1915-1920 on Thomas Edisons wax cylinder recorder.THE QUALITY IS POOR!However , ANY recording of this man is worth having.and if you 've ever struggled with Enochian , hearing him saying the calls , the correct pronounciation will help you 100 % -LSB- along with book Enochian sex magick -RSB- Look this aint no rock n roll , its a tool .
 This recording of Aleister Crowley is wery precious for all who know about him , and learn from his books . Aleister Crowley clearly speaks about Lux Hermeticum -LRB- Western occultism -RRB- and Thelema which means `` Will '' -LRB- translated from the Greece language -RRB- . Precious for the people who are the memmbers of O.T.O. -LRB- Ordo Templi Orientis -RRB- , which means Order of the western Templar knights . Templar knights used to guard Jesus 's grave by the time of Cross wars.Wery precious CD , what else can I say ... but only for the right people ...
 AN AMAZING RECORDING . I WAS VERY IMPRESSED WITH THE HORROR ALEISTER CROWLEY CAN UNLEASH ON ONE 'S MIND , SIMPLY BY SPEAKING . ABSOLUTE PROOF THAT HE WAS INDEED , THE GREAT BEAST-666 , AS DESCRIBED BY MANY WHO HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO MEET THIS MAN AND BEAR WITNESS TO HIS MAGIK . A MUST HAVE WHILE AVAILABLE , IF YOU DARE !
 Here is the elder god , as he was in flesh . Hear the voice . Buy the legend . No pagan , no cult black metal fan , no fiend interested in the dark has the right to die without this one . This is magiK . This is : CROWLEY :777
 Does anyone really know who this man is ? He still exits .
 Before listening to this recording , I had been just about convinced that Haendel 's keyboard music was , at best , harmless , and at worst , disposable . How mistaken I was , and how apt Ludger Remy was to convince me otherwise . These suites , the 8 ` Great Suites , ' Haendel 's major testament to Baroque keyboard music , are played with verve , character , courage , and nuance . Ludger Remy 's subtlety is little short of brilliant , although I must say that occasionally he sacrifices grace for excitement , but then again , that harpsichord is a unique animal and occasionally one can not blame the performer , really.Best of all , Ludger Remy breaks many of the conventions of the Dutch-dominated school of harpsichord performance and delivers and album defined by character and a unique sense of articulation and rhythm . Each suite movement is intricately crafted and interpreted . The Suites in A-Major and F-Major are both heart-wrenching , while the Suite in g-minor is shown by Remy to finally be playable -LRB- I thought that it was near impossible -RRB- . Kudos to this fine performer , of whom we hope to hear more in the future .
 i own many recordings of the Handel suites , and this is THE best i 've heard ever . The harpsichord is lovely , and the playing free and imaginative . Makes one think Handels keyboard music need to be totally rerecorded by Remy .
 Patti Page treats each of the standards on this collection as if they were especially written for her . Of course the arrangements by Pete Rugolo were written to show off Patti 's vocal abilities . All recordings on this collection stand the test of time . It 's difficult to believe these recordings were made in 1956 when stereo was `` new '' . Patti 's readings of `` A Foggy Day '' , `` Mountain Greenery '' and `` Love For Sale '' are outstanding tributes to the writers of these great songs . `` Out of Nowhere '' and `` The Thrill Is Gone '' hint at other worlds . As a DJ in the early 1960s I played many Patti Page recordings but IN THE LAND OF HI-FI was the lp I played most often . Of all Patti 's work it and the EAST SIDE-WEST SIDE jazz collections remain Patti 's very best work . If you are already aware of this collection , you 've been waiting for the CD release . If you are only familiar with Patti 's scores of hits on the best of/greatest/golden hits cds , this is the collection you should go to a hear another Patti Page .
 Well , despite the carpings of a couple of other reviewers below , if you love classic vocals , you 'll dig this CD . No , Patti Page will never be mistaken for Billie or Ella , but that 's not really the point . This record ranks up there with some of the best work of '50s pop singers like Doris Day and Keely Smith ... and Patti 's voice is truly a joy to listen to . A lost gem .
 Patti was crooning in a sultry jazz style long before she made the Hit Parade with a string of million selling singles . She continued to sing Ellington , Porter and the rest even when the radio was blaring the TENNESSEE WALTZ , OLD CAPE COD and GENTLE ON MY MIND . When Pete Rugolo took Patti into the studio in 1956 and recorded this collection , he did the music world a favor . And he did Patti Page fans an even bigger favor . These arrangements and vocals are 46 years old !!!!!! They sound as up to date today as they did when recorded . A good recording will always stand the test of time . Every one of these songs seems to have been written for Patti . Whether it 's a word packer such as the Rugolo arrangment of NEVERTHELESS or MOUNTAIN GREENERY or my favorite LOVE FOR SALE , these songs and these songwriters never had it so good . In fact these were so successful that Pete arranged two more jazz albums for Patti which were available as individual albums and as a double set -LRB- THE EAST SIDE/THE WEST SIDE -RRB- . We in the states are not yet lucky enough to have those released on CD although they are available on a Japanese import.If you are expecting an Ella or Sarah rendition of these songs , you will find them on other CDs . No one has or apparently ever will sing like Patti .
 High Fidelity Magazine once ran a piece on why Patti Page would never be considered a great American popular singer . But `` In The Land of Hi-Fi '' and her other two jazz albums demonstrate she was , indeed , much more than a lady who could turn out hit records as fast as you could turn out pancakes . With June Christy 's arranger , Pete Rugolo , overseeing the orchestrations , Patti Page turns out to be a nimble , persuasive , inventive and witty artist who can navigate the most tricky musical map . This album is warm , entertaining , surprising and short -LRB- barely a half hour -RRB- and certainly has stood the test of time . If you 'd never heard `` Doggie In The Window '' you 'd think this is one of the great jazz singers . By the way , the musicians who worked on these dates were surprised to find Patti Page a very hip lady , extremely pleasant to work with and very up on what she needed to do here -- plus she wore eyeglasses and smoked !
 I 've gone through 3 copies of the vinyl lp and the cd is in constant use . Ca n't believe these recordings sound so up to date . I ca n't think of better recordings of any of these songs and I have all kinds including Ella , Nat , Frank , Mel .
 mr hotjazz must of been listining to someone else . . this is a great jazz cd . .
 This has 32 tracks from their late 50 's early 60 's Vee-Jay recordings , including the complete LP Will The Circle Be Unbroken , oop since 1992 . Most of the other Vee-Jay stuff is now out of print on CD , so buy this instead of the over-inflated collector 's prices for those discs
 There have been several poorly mixed and/or mastered editions for years , but this is as close to perfect that you 're gon na get sound-wise and money-wise . The closet to this collection was rare Double Vinyl on Vee-Jay International Records entitled
 The Veejay years were the peak for the Staples Singers . Pops ' guitar , a young Mavis ... . it is all here . 32 tracks of some of the greatest gospel music ever .
 I bought this CD because it was the only one I could find which included ` Spring can really hang you up ' which is a six minute plus masterpiece . But the whole CD turns out to be one of those perfect late night scotch on the rocks affairs . The mood is of course mellow , but not universally melancholy . All in all , an inspired collection . Helpfully , the minimalist packaging does point out which of the original recordings the songs are culled from if your wanting more of the same .
 These guys are so incredible ! Real talent bleeding through their fingers as they play sans amps . If you ever listened to their older stuff , you 'll hear a vast maturity in their sound comparatively . `` Ever So Sweet '' `` I Want to Hear You Sad '' `` Come Back '' Wow ! I ca n't express it enough how good they are . Imagine Dashboard injected with talent and a bit of realistic emotion -LRB- is it just me , or does Chris of DC sing about RANDOM stuff ... see also , `` Remember to Breathe '' -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and buy this cd . But you ca n't buy mine . I 'm not getting rid of it .
 okay , this is a very good album . it 's their best work to date in my opinion , infact , they should throw away the amps and just go acoustic for the rest of their lives!i heard a track off their forthcoming -LRB- 2006 triple disc < rumor on the streets so far > -RRB- album and it sounds like these boys are growing up . good stuff . if you 're looking to get into these guys , start here .
 A beautiful album . The Early November writes songs that sounds as good , if not better , when played acoustically . They broke up before their time . If they had stayed together , this would definitely be one of those `` MTV Live '' bullsh #t things .
 Try this album after a rough day at work . Or better yet , while you 're at work . More Eno-esque than Eno himself ! This collection brings together the very best elements of Eno 's Ambient Music work into clear , crystaline jems of structure . Each piece has a strict internal logic . Progressions and patterns grow organically , following the rules of nature - they feel like branches and leaves growing from a stem . Primarily synthesizers and lush vocal samples combine then dissipate into silence , as indeed they must . The pieces are rhythmic , with deceptively simple , yet haunting melodies . These guys have been producing some of the best Ambient music since the mid 90s . Hard to find , but worth the effort .
 barbra is one of the best voices i know . this konzert - i unfortunaly missed it - is great . it 's five stars worth
 I was lucky enough to see her perfom this concert live in DC , so I think this CD is extra special to me because it reminds me of living out a lifelong dream . I listen to this CD and I honestly get a lump in my throat and chills all over . True , there are definite signs of Barbra 's age audible . Her voice is huskier and you can hear some strain , which is most evident in the opener , `` Starting Here , Starting Now '' . But is that bad ? After 40 years in the business , she has one of , if not the best , voice in the business . Her signature songs all sound great
 This is a fine recording of Barbra 's live show . Well worth the expense , and much more reasonable than the 1000.00 tickets were on tour ... everything you expect is here , and more . Most enjoyable ? `` The Music That Makes Me Dance '' , the great Funny Girl tour-de-force finale that was cut for the movie and substituted with `` My Man '' . Some of the songs are accompanied by my other favorite entertainers , Il Divo . The sound is supurb . The selections wonderful .
 Had it been almost anyone else , you could say this program goes off in too many places -LRB- too much time on `` Funny Girl '' , not enough on the 1970s hits -RRB- . But with Barbra , there are so many wonderful places to mine , how can one complain ? The glorious resurrection of `` Have I Stayed Too Long at the Fair '' is alone worth the price ! But what struck me on this recording was Barbra 's increasing ease with the audience during the patter breaks . For once , it seemed more spontaneous and not so `` from the script '' . What I love particularly about this set is that it evokes mem ` ries -LRB- sorry -RRB- from nearly all periods in her unparallelled career and for those of us going past 30 or 40 years as fans , it reminds me of the exciting feeling of buying her latest record . . that anticipation has never been equaled for me and this wonderful concert may leave you feeling that way also .
 very good!remarkable longevity of quality of her voice and nice walk down memory lane
 Barbara Streisand and Il Divo what more could you ask for ! Her best album in years and with Il Divo on numbers like There 's A Place For Us it gives you chills . Buy this and you will enjoy it full volume year after year !
 I live in Denmark , and I was surprised that I had to pay toll , which made the CD 's 2 times as expensive - and much more expensive than if I had bought it in Denmark.But Streisand is fantastic . She 's got the feeling - more than anyone else .
 I 've long thought that when the day comes -LRB- hopefully not for a long time -RRB- when it 's time to write Barbra Streisand 's obituary , that someone will lead off with something along the lines of `` In 1964 's `` Funny Girl , '' Streisand dazzled Broadway in her first starring role , proclaiming ` I 'm the Greatest Star , ' and for next 40 years , she was . `` She 's been that good . And she 's maintained her allure , her mystique and the persona that was somehow above it all throughout . Her movies -- on average , just every other year or so in her heyday -- were n't just films ... they were events . Her records from each decade showed her willingness to expand her repertoire and somehow , against the odds , stay current in a business where most artists have a short shelf life . Her television appearances and specials -- all too few of them -- also added to the legend . She doled it out sparingly , as if she knew that she 'd maintain her value as an artist if she picked and chose carefully . And her live appearances were the real holy grails ... after 1969 , you really had to be on a special list as she came out only for `` causes , '' during the 1970s and 1980s . And when she chose to come back to the concert stage , first in 1994 , then in 2000 and now in 2006 , her fans rushed right back to worship at the altar of the performer who 'd offered up so few glimpses of herself in the two and a half decades prior . And with good cause they came . She 's delivered the goods in each and every concert she 's put together . The playlists have been varied -LRB- after you factor out the songs that she simply can not ignore when she 's out there -RRB- . And it has been something to behold each time . -LRB- I saw her in 1994 and 2000 . -RRB- It 's been interesting reading the reviews on line at Amazon . Some people insist she 's every bit as powerful as a vocalist as she was 40 years ago . Others acknowledge that time has taken its toll on that singular voice . In this concert , more than ever , the effects of 64 years on the planet can be felt , no doubt . The upper register , where she once dallied with thrilling ease , is n't what it used to be . Listen to `` Starting Here , Starting Now '' and compare it to older versions . It 's all right there . Even `` People , '' with its upper notes on `` are the luckiest people in the world '' just ai n't what it used to be.But , one ca n't care about that . We can no more expect our artists to stay the same anymore than we 've stayed the same . Many people write , `` I 've been a fan for 20-30-40 years , '' so we know they 've gotten older along the way , too ! And I wonder if the people who take issue with what she ca n't do anymore , might just be projecting onto Barbra their own fears about what they can no longer do , either . Just a thought ... The ironic part is that Barbra 's voice is still marvelous ; it 's just different . It 's not necessarily that voice you remember . It 's perhaps suited to other kinds of material -- jazz , especially comes to mind , in a stripped down , spare setting . Of course , as long as she 's going to perform in huge venues for 20,000 people ... they 're going to expect to hear her come out with the biggies from her catalogue and to reach for those amazing notes in those one-of-a-kind arrangements and an intimate jazz evening simply would n't do . And then when she does the stuff from her catalogue , she invites the inevitable comparisons to the Barbra of yesterday . And strictly speaking , they 're not going to be positive . But , again , is that the point ? That she come out sounding like a 32-year-old woman ? Would we compare a golfer in his 60s with Tiger Woods ... or even with himself from 30 years ago . Of course not.Her voice is imbued with all of the living she 's done . Like every great singer who kept on -LRB- Rosemary Clooney comes to mind -RRB- , it becomes more about their respect for the material , their ability to draw nuance from the music and the lyrics -- the sum total of their personal path as a human being and as an artist.So celebrate Barbra . Be happy that she 's still out there connecting with people through her music and through her story-telling . We 'll not see the likes of her again and while she 's still around , let 's enjoy what she has to offer . It 's still bountiful .
 She still has it Her vocal placement , and quality are just so amazing and natural . She does n't have to work for the notes . They are all there waiting for her to hit them . She is a true vocal legend . As a voice teacher , Voice Lessons To Go Volume 1
 I saw Bab 's in concert in Vegas and have to say that she is still wonderful , but her voice has changed and deepen . It has been my dream to see her in concert my entire life and it finally made her a human being . The CD brings back memories of the concert , but does show the changes in her voice.She is still one of the greatest vocalist , but everyone get old !
 Her Majesty , our Lady Queen Barbra , This double CD of her world tour last year was heart-warming , and as someone who only became a fan of hers less then 10 years ago - I have to say she inspies me still , and her strength of Heart to keep moving , and giving of her heart , which can be literally felt -LRB- particularly in her LIVE concerts -RRB- - gives me the strength to keep going in the world , with courage.It was great to hear the original broadway overture to Funny Girl.And all the old songs that only us Hardcore fans can appreciate.The ochestrations were adaquete , but they were n't Marvin Hamlisch . Marvin Hamlisch had a polish to his arrangements that could n't really be beaten , and there is a reason he won grammy awards , and that his two concert tours with Barbra won Emmy awards , etc. . . Barbra 's voice is sounding strong , and you can feel that she has all the energy and the passion she always had , but yes , there is actually a scratch sound in her voice , that is a little sad to hear , and you know when you hear it , that it is because her voice is tired . Listen to People at the end of Act 1 , there is a sharp scratch near the begining of the song that you will want to ignore , i promise you . It could be heard in Julie Andrews ' voice in the broadway version of Victor/Victoria , and also for Judy Garland near the end of her career . It is also particularly prevalant in songs that she does every time , like ` People ' and ` The Way We Were ' -LRB- half way through this song you hardly recognise her voice -RRB- . and also , ` My Man ' . I still want to listen to this recording alot more before I tire of it , as I did previoulsly with the 1994 concert and also , Timeless . Please do n't let this put you off buying it because you should , as a harcore Barbra fan , I guarantee you , it is a true love-letter from her to you.The songs with Ill Divo are great , and you will love hearing them.She talks alot about Funny Girl , all those tid-bits are delightful to hear , She also chose all the material well.She had alot of help , and consideration about the choice of material , and she did really well . Particularly in stringing them together , it sticks out like a saw thumb a bit towards the end , but you 'll love it anyway.Okay , enough from me , Go , but it , tell me what you think.Bye-Raymond .
 Whenever I hear Barbra sing it feels as if I were listening to an angel ... The depth of her voice , the feeling she caries in every song she sings makes you fall in love , feel despair , feel hapinness or sadness ... She is capable of making you feel the letter of her songs ... A true Diva ... My only regret is that I will never be able to see her live ... I hope they make a DVD of this concert so I can see her perform live at least on the TV set ...
 This concert is very unique.You are able to hear her great , mellow voice and in between songs , she talk to the audience on a personal level.Barbara explains why she sings some of her songs , and as she 's talking , she makes you feel that she is talking directly to you.Barbara Streisand is stylish , wonderful person and performer.I LOVE these concert CD 's ! MIKE
 The CD is very good . Enjoyed the patter with the audience . But she sounded MUCH better when I saw her live in Phoenix ! Her voice sounds a little raspy in some points on the CD . I did n't notice that in concert . It could have been the excitement of finally seeing my all-time idol live for the first time . I hope she tours at least one more time before she calls it quits !!! ALL HAIL BARBRA !
 For those who enjoy concert albums , this will be enjoyable . The material was very familiar stuff , but she still sings it with all the skill and beauty she 's made these songs famous with .
 I bought this CD because I was able to attend her conference in Boston . It was just like being there and I LOVE it ! If you are a Babs fan you will want this CD . I especially get chills when she sings with Il Divo . Enjoy !
 Wow ! What a thrill ! Barbra has still got the chops . And what a revelation to hear many of the most beautiful songs of her early career sung now . With authority and power , she reveals dimensions in the material that we had to accept on faith alone 40 years ago . I was in tears throughout . Hearing these old songs again , I was amazed to realize how much of the soundtrack of my life she provided . Thank you , Barbra . Please keep singing and entertaining us . We need you !
 I had a chance to go to this concert - but passed - for fear that it would n't live up to her '94 Concert which I DID attend - BIG MISTAKE ! Yes , her voice has continued to mature , but never underestimate this superstar . Her selections were sublime , and delivery - well - is n't that why we all love her ? True fans can really appreciate hearing some of her lesser known material - and by the second cd her voice really sounds well oiled and resonates beautifully . I 'm now sorry I did n't go to this - it sounds like an intimate evening with an old friend - the one who has provided the soundtrack to your life .
 We Streisand fans have been absolutely spoiled . From Central Park , The LA Forum , Ramirez Canyon and continued with the '94 and Timeless concerts , we have been treated to a series of great live recordings . Luckily for us , the streak continues with the Live in Concert '06 CD collection . Il Divo joins the very small club of Barry Gibb , Lauren Frost and three ` Main Event ' back-up singers as performers who have shared the stage with the legend . They provide a unique harmonic balance to the concert , although the recording can not possibly convey their stage charisma adequately.Two score and five years ago , a musical career was launched . Although the voice has matured and the range is not what it once was , the interpretation and delivery remains top echelon , truly an actress who sings . For anyone fortunate enough to attend an '06 performance , the recordings will certainly engender fine memories.Anticipation being what it is , I am eagerly awaiting the DVD of the concert tour , but I suspect it wo n't be released until after the completion of the '07 European tour . Rome , Paris , London , here I come !
 As a fan of Barbra Streisand for 40 years , I 've been blessed to be in able to see her perform live 7 times
 Have n't received this item yet , due to it 's production date being pushed back several times . Since it is rumored that Barbra is taking her tour overseas , this may be the reason for this delay .
 Despite habitually retractable tentative hints of private integrity and partly with a guise of ignorance regarding sacred sexualities in marital contexts , Ms. Streisand has , apparently yearning for ethical integrities of others and herself , completed another celebration of my and her own conceptions . I have neither attended any of her concerts nor , as of yet , watched any record of these from 2006 , though I both watched her portral in New York City at the Winter Garden Theater of Ms. Fanny Brice and found most of this 2-CD set comparable to that 2-stars -LRB- rated -RRB- portrayal ; some of the rest is so astonishingly beautiful , particularly the first 4 tracks of CD 2 involving the birthdays of Jason G. and his mother , it makes this set worthy of placement beside some of the music composed by Gustav Mahler , who referred to the deaths of some children musically .
 The concert in NYC showcased Streisand 's tremendous talents - voice from the heavens , presence and timing beyond compare , all of which left the audience amazed at how time effects all except Barbra - superlatives fail to do her justice !
 Hello People.I had the guilty pleasure of seeing Streisand in Atlanta on Nov 2,2006 . I flew form Dallas to Atlanta and i would do it again , I was part of history , some of you people just kill me with your mean sprits , Barbra is barbra none of us are the same when we were in our prime , why not be glad and happy she 's out there singing , why must we a people always compare , if your a true fan you will just but the cd and support her , and Mr.Gavin j Mcleod I know your mother taught you better then that but as Barbra has she before it easier to CRITCIZE then praise.come on folk 's rise above.The Cd is awesome let 's enjoy her and her music ok ? OK.God bless you all and remember would n't it be wonderful , If we could all be a little more gentle with each other , and a little more loving , have a little more empathy , and maybe , just maybe we 'd like each other a little bit more ... Rock on Barbra Srteisad your the best , and Thank you for all the year 's ...
 The music is ok on this , yes her voice is n't what is was in the past but everyone gets older . Still wonderful to hear.I saw Barbra on her first night in Chicago on the 2006 tour and although this fulfilled a lifelong dream of seeing her in concert , I was not at all impressed with her choice of Il Divo . They were overly loud and I had n't paid $ 350.00 to see them . And now after seeing clips of Barbra 's European Tour shows , I feel robbed . The concert she did in Europe is the one I was hoping for . An entirely different experience and as she will most likely never tour again , there went my one chance to experience Barbra as she should be .
 I purchased this 2006 two-disc concert along with Bab 's other live CD , `` Barbra
 Many here have commented how more relaxed Barbra appears to be on this live performance disc compared to earlier ones.No where is this more evident than in the many instances you hear her infectious , lilting laugh.As a student of Ms. Streisand I always treasued those brief moments of hearing that laughter on earlier concert recordings.She says she has been enjoying the concert tour and all that heartfelt laughter we hear is testament to that fact . But I guess it 's not surprising that someone who sings so gloriously laughs so gloriously also .
 It was very easy to place an order and it came very quickly . I was at the concert in New York . This CD will be a great reminder of the wonderful time I had .
 Barbra Streisand truly is THE GREATEST STAR !!! and this is proof ! that as age 65 she can out sing most anybody in the recording industry today !!! The album is a great collection of songs , some old and some new ! it is so nice to here her rendition of the South Pacific selections and Unusual way ! but i am one of those fans who hears a song by any other singer and wishes the Barbra would have recorded it!It is a must have for any Barbra fan .
 Being a 7-years-old child , back in 1988 , there is something that I can not forget about our private English -LRB- as a second language -RRB- school
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who loves everything Streisand ! She has about worn it out listening to it and tells me often how much she loves this CD !
 Barbra Streisand has now released six lives albums / CDs during her prodigeous career , each one unique in representing her at specific times in her legendary journey as an entertainer and artist . This new recording is a more casual and nostalgic affair than anything she 's done live , and is much the better for it . While `` Live in Concert 2006 '' shows a bit of `` wear and tear '' in her vocal ability , that 's like saying Maria Callas hit a wrong note . Streisand is now 65 and still doing it her way . What she may have lost in range and suppleness as the result of age , she more than makes up for with her interpretive skills and her pitch-perfect phrasing . This lady knows how to deliver a song like no one alive.What 's most exciting about this CD is that the song selection almost completey ignores more obvious choices -LRB- we 've gotten them on other dics ... now was the time to stretch and , boy , did she -RRB- for songs she has rarely performed or has never recorded before . The opening overture , which is the complete overture from her classic Broadway show `` Funny Girl '' , let 's you know you are in for some time capsule offerings that no one else could surpass . In fact , many songs from `` Funny Girl '' permeate the disc , as do several esoteric songs Streisand recorded earlier in her career that were exquisite non-hits . Brilliant.Yes , there 's the obligatory duets with Il Divo , but Streisand has always managed to channel her old-time glamour into one or another of the current pop crop , almost always with sterling results -LRB- Neil Diamond , Donna Summer , Johnny Mathis , Barry Gibbs ... and the list goes on -RRB- . Streisand 's show business savvy has continued to make her relevant to generation after generation.Finally , Streisand 's in-between-song patter is a real treat here . Less formal and polemic than on other recordings , she is humorous , warm , folksy and quite self-deprecating . A delightful performance.Streisand will hopefully continue to record for years to come because this CD proves that her talent is not only still intact , but relevant and delightfully dextrous . Lucky for the record buying public .
 A true artist , Streisand has been evolving since her first recordings and continues to . When she first came on the scene I thought `` As she moves on she will be less shrill and become more subtle . '' She became less shrill and more subtle . And then later I thought `` As she moves on she will become less concerned with perfection and more interested in living , breathing artistry , imperfections and all . '' She became less concerned with perfection and more interested in living , breathing artistry . And then I thought , `` She 's always thought of herself as an actress who sings but eventually she will come more to live the songs as she sings rather than portraying a character singing them . '' That progression is fully evident on this album . As is the happiness of this stage of her life which has allowed her to relax , enjoy and be comfortable on stage . The bottom line on Barbra is she has never , ever stopped studying , has never stopped learning , has never stopped , in the words of one of her best songs , being ready to `` Move On . '' I think she is singing more magnificently than ever , I think she is an even deeper artist -LRB- and that 's saying something about an artist who began very deep -RRB- , I think she is even wiser -LRB- and she was always wise -RRB- and I think what comes from her reveals more than ever her very heart -- which is above all ethical and truthful and in some ways holy . I met her once and was so impressed by the person -- not the star , not the diva -LRB- did n't see anything like that -RRB- but the person . I 've first hand experienced her kindness and generosity . My theory has always been that only someone who suffered terribly as a child could as an adult bring forth the emotion , insight , understanding and passion she has brought to her art . It 's all here in this album to be experienced over and over . It 's not only a thrilling listening experience , it 's a master class in achieving excellence .
 I 've studied the voice for years and years , and have always been literally amazed at the reach and the far-beyond-the-reach results that this one-of-a kind artist has given the world . There never has been , is n't now , nor ever will be another like Barbra Streisand . I 've followed her through show music , pop , disco , back to pop , into theater music and movie music , and of course , the treasured , rare live performances , such as this one . I 've accepted her personal feelings to be what they are and have cheered her every step of the way and will always do so . So , to have a glorious live recording of her recent concert tour is a joy indeed . The best thing about this recording , other than the utterly flawless technical sheen of the actual sound , is the fact that Barbra Streisand has finally seemed to mellow , to enjoy life , and , most wonderfully , to embrace performing . She sounds charming and relaxed in her spoken passages , and she can still send notes through the roof of the stadium with enormous power and grace . It 's a treat to hear songs that she has n't sung in years and to hear numbers that she 's not recorded before . Just about anything that Ms. Streisand chooses to do for the public is a genuine thrill for someone who has been a devout fan for decades . But , and this is the melancholy part , if you 've studied her voice for years so much that you know exactly how it has sounded across the almost 45 years she 's been a professional , you 'll know that her range has diminshed slightly , her top notes have to be finessed without full power , and that the timbre has darkened and deepened . These are not bad things , because she remains the one and only of her kind , and everything existing so clearly in our memory must bear witness to time 's effects . But it 's heart-tugging for me to hear her age reflected in her singing voice . I 've listened to this album repeatedly over the past week , because it 's a terrific concert , but I 've also found myself with a heavy heart sometimes in hearing the changes in her vocal prowess that are only natural . She is still , and will continue to be , my personal superwoman figure and someone whom I admire more than any words could possibly communicate . But the tears that I now shed when she sings are for both of us , because if Barb 's getting older , than I am as well .
 For those who attended one of Barbra Streisand 's twenty concerts last fall , there 's no reason to explain this release . For those of you who missed it , this is a chance to hear what all the fuss was about - and trust me , the fuss was worth it . `` Live In Concert 2006 '' is a two-CD collection capturing the finest performances from her record-breaking tour . This audio event is absolutely breathtaking , and is honestly the warmest and most excited Barbra has ever come off in a live performance . You can sense that she really enjoyed this tour . The two CD 's contain 32 tracks , which include 22 songs culled from performances recorded in New York , Washington D.C. and Fort Lauderdale , Florida.The album includes Streisand staples that have been heard on several of her greatest hits collections and five previous live albums . But to be fair , there would 've been a backlash against Barbra from longtime fans had she omitted these songs.Disc One is a treat to hear , with Streisand recreating her 60 's heyday when she was the toast of Broadway , television , films and nightclubs with songs she has n't sung since they were performed all those years ago . The album kicks off with a recreation of the original overture from the Broadway musical Funny Girl that was supremely orchestrated under the supervision of musical conductor Bill Ross . Enter Streisand , and she opens the disc with a spine-tingling divalicious rendition of `` Starting Here , Starting Now , '' a song she first sang and recorded in 1966 . It 's almost as if Barbra needed to open the show and prove that she can still wow the audience forty-six years into her career . It worked . This woman can still deliver the goods . After her `` opening remarks '' about how she felt the need to raise money for issues that needed to be addressed in today 's climate , she launched into a spectacular rendition of `` Down With Love . '' After the crowd-pleasing `` The Way We Were , '' Barbra 's vocals glide effortlessly over the Harold Arlen classic `` Come Rain Or Come Shine . '' Another track on the disc includes the first song Barbra ever composed , entitled `` Ma Premiere Chanson , '' lifted from her 1966 masterpiece Je m ` appelle Barbra . Other never-before-performed live songs include a set that weighs heavy on Funny Girl , which includes a moving and haunting version of the title song , plus a sample of `` The Music That Makes Me Dance '' -LRB- the song that was featured in the Broadway production -RRB- and a rousing and emotional delivery of `` My Man , '' as well as her signature song `` People , '' which is complete with the original introduction.Disc Two wisely manages to keep the show fresh by reinventing some of her staples with her special guests , Il Divo , with new interpretations of `` Somewhere , '' `` Music of the Night '' and `` Evergreen -LRB- From Disc One -RRB- , '' which was sung partially in English and partially in Italian . The highlight is when she ventures into uncharted territory with songs she has never recorded or performed before , including a gorgeous rendition of `` Unusual Way '' from the Broadway musical Nine , `` The Time of Your Life '' -LRB- a reading from writer William Saroyan -RRB- , which was the perfect segue for the next track , a vocal tour de force of `` A Cockeyed Optimist . '' The other never-before-performed standard is a stunning interpretation of `` My Shining Hour . '' She closes the show with a reprise of `` Do n't Rain On My Parade , '' lifted from the Broadway production of Funny Girl , and a simple yet stunning interpretation of `` Smile . ''
 As I write this , I 'm listening to my newly purchased 2-disc `` Live in Concert 2006 '' and I 'm reminded once again that Barbra 's is the premiere pop voice of the last almost fifty years . At age 65 she reminds us -LRB- as if we , her fans , need any reminder -RRB- that so much of what passes for music nowadays is simply unacceptable and mediocre ... but that Barbra , forty-five to fifty years after she first burst onto the scene , is still a force of nature , an incomparable artist , almost without peer ... no , make that `` without peer . '' For all of you youngsters rating this album , let me offer that I saw Barbra live in Soldier Field in Chicago back in 1967 ... one of her stops on her Million Dollar Baby Tour . All of these years later as I listen to her in concert on this latest double CD , I can honestly say her voice does n't do what it did forty years ago . The voice is much more mature , sometimes husky , sometimes showing slight strain ... but it 's a voice that has managed to remain near perfect enough to raise the hairs on the back of my neck as she reprises songs from albums years ago ... I 'm amazed at the frequent moments she sounds just asfine now as she did then . This is a live performance to treasure !
 Her lower register has developed a burnished throatiness , and some of her more precocious high notes escape her now . However , the lustrous glow of her voice is still very much in evidence , and the melisma and dramatic conviction remain unparalleled . In her mid-sixties , Barbra Streisand is a willful force of nature , a multi-media conglomerate based on a most singular persona , and easily the most accomplished song stylist of her generation . As expected , her Fall 2006 tour was as much a commemoration of her nearly half-century career as it was a cause c&eacute;l&egrave;bre for her renowned liberal causes via her foundation . I was fortunate to have seen her in San Jose in mid-November , and even if this was recorded earlier in her tour in New York , Washington , D.C. and Ft. Lauderdale , this two-disc set represents a wonderful remembrance of that evening , as well as a pristine document of a beautifully turned performance for those who missed it.First things first , the concert is not the therapeutic exercise in self-introspection like Streisand 's two previous comebacks -LRB- 1994 ` sBarbra
 Well she 's done it again - gone & impressed the hell out of me just by being herself . I feel that this is Barbra at the most comfortable I 've ever seen on stage , comfortable with her life , her self , and her place in history . The woman is truly remarkable and while yeah , there 's a little showing of age on a note or two -LRB- and a `` senior moment '' , which I got a good laugh at , even though I 'm not ! -RRB- - there 's still no mistaking that unbelievable talent there for the taking . An amazing performance - her voice gets stronger through the performance and I highly recommend this brilliant concert to anyone who wants to hear a legend perform . Very much worth the money you might spend on this product , and I only hope that there is a DVD release planned as well .
 Brilliant recording , great songs , just enough flavour of the concert without too much talking , not enough singing . Nice to see Herself allow the imperfections that make her human , but still so far above the most perfect of anyone else . She is a treasure of the world .
 The 2006 concert tour was a shock for those who heard from Babs that her 2000 Concert would be her last , she lied and thank god she did ! The album got 5 stars -LRB- from me -RRB- for the following
 I had the privilege of attending Barbra 's concert in Boston and Ft. Lauderdale and the exquisite voice of this singer and the perfect way the show was put togehter is worth to live again and again listening to this wonderful CD.The wonderful appearance of IL DIVO in Evergreen , Music of the Night and Somewhere and the new songs that Barbra sang -LRB- especially Unusual Way , Cockeyed Optimist and My Shining Hours -RRB- made this album a MUST in every Barbra 's fan collection.Enjoy the music !!!
 I love the cd its so good.Barbra still has the voice .
 Streisand
 Grammy and Academy Award winning musician Barbra Streisand has done it again , but singing live is something she does best , that and choosing friends such as Hillary Clinton -LRB- in 2008 , Hillary Clinton received more votes than any other Presidential Primary candidate in history -RRB-
 This is a good double CD packed with alot of favorites . I liked slot of her `` dialouges '' between songs -LRB- her words & messages are invaluble & timeless -RRB- . Il Divo accompanies her on several songs , like `` Evergreen '' -LRB- I would have preferred her to sing that one alone -RRB- , `` The Music of the Night '' , & `` Somewhere '' -LRB- not favorable with Il Divo -RRB-
 I love Barbra and her music . I went to see her concert last year , so I bought this CD set to remind of that moment . While all her albums are a joy to listen to , I found this one to be more of the same . Some of her concert albums from the 1990s are better and more powerful . Her voice is not quite as strong , she does not hold those notes quite as long . Did n't care much for her backup band , Il Divo . Nevertheless , the album is a delight .
 I ordered this CD on 13thDecember - but when it did n't arrive by 3rd January I contacted Amazon who immediately sent a replacement.Ironically . the original order arrived on 8th January -LRB- obviously delayed by Christmas mail -RRB- and the replacement order arrived three days later.Well done Amazon ,
 Does she not ever have a bad album ? Her voice has always been the greatest ! The early songs from the start of her career have to be a great treat for everyone . Love `` Down with Love '' , `` The Music That Makes Me Dance '' , `` What Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life '' and of course , `` Have I Stayed to Long at the Fair '' -- trust me -- this is a great album.Another treat is the album `` Come What May '' with her sister Roslyn Kind -- try it ----- it 's a Keeper .
 This is one of the best Barbra has ever done , I have listened to it in full probably ten times since last week when I bought it . It is so incredible . I am waiting for the day that this is out in DVD to see her in action while I listen to her . God has truly blessed her with unbelievable talent .
 I am anxiously awaiting the arrival of my CD . I was at the concert in Atlanta and was mesmerized during the entire show . It was so surreal . . to be in the company of Barbra and Il Divo . I know the CD will be great . It will be the first thing loaded in my car . And , it will probably stay in there for quite a while . There is and will be no other Barbra . I only wish she would tour more often .
 Saw the concert and now have the cd . And it 's wonderful . To ` baddadnpa '
 I can not believe some of the nasty comments that people feel compelled to write . Some are so obvious in the way they are written that you know the person was never a fan but hates Barbra and looks for these opportunities to trash her . Ok , so her voice has changed , my gosh people she is 65 years old . You should hope on your best day you can speak as well as Barbra can sing when YOUR 65 . If you did n't like this CD why post trash , just move on and try and be a grown up ... if that is possible . So much easier to trash then to compliment . That is what is wrong with the world today ... nasty vindictive jealous people . Now , my review ? I LOVED this CD . Yes Barbra 's voice has matured but `` oy '' the range is still there , she belted and she massaged the lyrics like I have never heard . Barbra was born to do this and God has been good to still allow her to bring joy and happiness in our lives by listening to an angel on earth . Truly beautiful !
 So what if her voice shows some wear and tear ? She still sings better and sounds better than most singers . I 'm not a rabid fan , and I was disappointed in some of her studio work of late , but I wasnt disappointed in this live set . In some ways , I enjoyed it more than the last one . She does sound a bit raspy here and there , but considering her age , one cant expect her to sound like she did 40 years ago . I could 've done without Il Divo and some songs she has sung to death like Evergreen , but she does sing a lot of new material -LRB- new in the sense she hasnt done them live in quite awhile -RRB- I was a little disappointed there was no On A Clear Day -LRB- though it was in the overture , so maybe she did sing it at some point -RRB- but overall I 'm happy to have this recording , which may be her last for some time . I think you will too . A lot cheaper than springing for tickets -LRB- Which I didnt do ! Too poor -RRB- .
 Saw Barbra in Atlanta and this is a wonderful album to bring back the memory of an unforgettable experience ! I just hope there is a DVD planned !
 Between that golden voice and the grandiose orchestra this CD is pure heaven . I 'm addicted . I ca n't stop playing it . In my house , in my car and on my laptop . This work of art is the best I 've ever heard . Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 I was very pleased with the quality of the CD and the prompt delivery time .
 To me Streisand is one of the great wonders of my time . She certainly has entertained me as a singer and actress not to mention her multi-talented skill set that has enabled her to be all she can be . I found Live In Concert 2006 another good listening album . Still has a fine voice but I did n't care for the conversations with the audience as I have in the past .
 There is a reason she is a living legend . Listen to her sing anything on this double CD and you 'll understand why.It 's hard to believe that Ms. Streisand recently celebrated her 65th birthday . Hearing her sing SOMEWHERE makes you realize that this is one lady who is not going to grow old . Her voice is still as pure and powerful as it was when she appeared on Broadway in FUNNY GIRL and that was over 40 years ago!I was lucky to see her perform twice -LRB- Timeless in 2000 and this concert in 2006 -RRB- . It is not a joke or abject flattery when I say her voice is actually getting better with age . Everything from her toning to her song selections are perfect.Bravo Barbra !
 I had the privilege of seeing Barbra in San Jose last November . Purchased the CD set at Target with the two extra tracks ; I loaded up my ipod with it and have been listening to it all week ; just breathtakingly beautiful . I get goosebumps just listening to this collection of songs . One of the best live CD 's I have ever listened too . I sure hope she will release a European version . I ca n't wait to get the DVD to relive this amazing experience . If you love Barbra you have to get this CD . Enjoy , because I am .
 Like anyone else reading this , I am a huge Barbra fanand have been since I first saw the `` Funny Girl '' movie.For 40 years I 've been thrilled , amused , moved , occasion-ally disappointed , charmed , and awed by her talent.I saw her in concert in 1994 at Madison Square Garden , and it was one of the concert thrills of my life . Hervoice still had such power and magnificence , and toexperience it as it actually emanated from her vocalcords and into my ears was just a dream come true.After that I never tried to get tickets to see heragain because I knew it could never be better thanthat time . BUT , listening to this CD , I regretnot going to see her last year . Is her voice better?Absolutely not . As has been discussed in the otherreviews , there are signs of aging that you simplycannot hide . A bit of huskiness in the lower regis-ter , and those once-effortless high notes requirea lot more effort . There is simply no comparing thepower of her voice 30 years ago with the way shesounds now . HOWEVER , I think we need to focus onwhat her voice still IS . It is still a beautifulinstrument , more expressive than most other singersout there . That lush Streisand tone has only gottenricher , IMHO . Such a sound ! And what Mother Naturehas diminished has been more than made up for bythe grace , humor and sublime interpretive skillsthat Barbra displays now , as much as ever ... maybe more.I was n't prepared to be so moved by this recording.It sounds like she 's having the time of her life , andthe song selection includes many songs she has n'tsung in years . The humor and brass of `` Down With Love `` and the bittersweet regret of `` Have I Stayed TooLong At The Fair '' are just two highlights . -LRB- I thinkher special guests Il Divo are dreadful , but whatever . -RRB- I also think that this version of `` The Way We Were '' isby far her best live one . After all these years , tobreathe new meaning into that old warhorse ... well , that 's what we call `` art '' . If you 're expecting the `` Broadway Album '' voice , you may be disappointed . Butif you want to hear a singer so alive and geniune thatit will give you a lump in your throat , buy this.It 's a keeper . A + !!
 We attended her concert when she played the Staple Center in L.A. and knew we would be first in line to get the C.D. . The recording is fabulous and with the selection of new songs and her narrations of each song , she places them historically in her long career . What can I say , she is still a sensational vocalist and well intended political activist . However , the political comments are edited out of the C.D.
 I enjoyed this concert in Vegas last november , she is 60 and her voice have loose some force , but wehen you hear her voice is easy to belive in angels . The orchestra is magnificent , Il Divo sang beautifull , but Barbra is ... Barbra
 The VERY , VERY few who have expressed dissatisfaction with the Live in Concert 2006 CD clearly do not have the expertise to qualify Barbra as an artist and singer . Furthermore , I was present at her performance in Atlanta and must say that I too was anxious about her vocals , knowing the she had aged since the first time I saw her live in 1994 and in 2000 . The truth is that her vocals her are absolutely astonishing , even by her own standards . Perhaps the tracks chosen for this CD were not as demonstrative of her power `` in person '' , but I would say without hesitation that she is in better voice here than in 2000 - NO doubt about it . Those who saw or heard her then will definitely agree . And no , her voice is not the perfect powerhouse that it was 30 years ago , but damn close to it.Hands down , when compared to her peers -LRB- how many are there ? -RRB- , Barbra is second to none with her success in the music industry . The statistics prove that she remains one of the most lauded and awarded performers in history - and is STILL on stage singing ; and not to mention selling out stadiums the world over ! Who , may I ask , as a single performer of her generation , can say the same ?
 I 'm sure many Barbra Streisand fans are similar to me - You could either not afford the ticket price , or could simply not go . With this concert possibly being her last concert tour , I was really bummed out that I could not go -LRB- and very angry when I found out I would be in Chicago exactly one week after her concert there -RRB- . When I found out that a CD for the concert tour would be released , I was ecstatic , but wondered , `` Would this CD really live up to my crushed dream ? `` Well , as you can see by how many stars I gave this CD , it definitely surpassed my expectations -LRB- and believe me , my expectations were pretty high -RRB- . `` Streisand
 Even though I saw Ms. Streisand Live in Atlanta last year I can not believe how great this Cd is ! It is not only Barbra Streisand best live album it is also the best live concert album by any artist , except maybe with the exception of Judy Garland 's Live at Carnegie Hall album . Streisand has never sounded so happy and relaxed ! One gets to hear songs that she 's never recorded and one 's she has n't sang in decades like `` Down With Love '' and `` Have I Stayed Too Long At The Fair '' , the latter will send chills up your spine . There are classics like `` People '' was a rare introduction ! There is also her special guest LL Divo . They join Barbra on `` The Music of The Night '' and `` Evergreen '' but it is there duet with Streisand on `` Somewhere '' the is absolute perfection ! Just wait to you hear the song from Broadway 's Nine , `` Unusual Way '' wow Barbra nails it ! I just can not stop listening to this CD ! One final note it is packaged so well . Has a great cover that opens up and has a fill color slip cover tucked inside . You know to think about it I think Streisand Live is equal to Garland 's Carnegie Hall album . Both are masterpieces that will live on forever !
 Well I can now die , my life is complete ! I saw the concert in L.A. , got the $ 40 T-Shirts & have the CD 's ; I say CD 's because the one sold at Target has two bonus tracks which are `` Stoney End '' & the short-lived Funny Girl Medley with the full version of `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' that was at the end of the first act of the show . Then the Barnes & Noble version with the bonus track of `` When The Sun Comes Out . '' There is no version that includes `` Woman In The Moon '' unfortunately . The recording quality is simply stunning . Subtle and powerful . Rich and Spartan . Thundering and Mellifluous . I 'm marveling in Barbra 's newfound enjoyment of singing live which is evident in her exchanges with the audience . and when I crank it up , sit back and close my eyes , it almost sounds and feels as it did on November 20th . It was worth the wait in my opinion as it only fed the monster which is anticipation . I still had the music of that night in my head which I will have always . What I like most about this live set is hearing songs that she has n't sung as well as songs she 's not done since the 60s , `` Have I Stayed Too Long At The Fair '' & `` When The Sun Comes Out . '' There are moments in both when one would swear that no time has passed and that it 's 1965 vocally speaking , she sounds that good ! But to hear her sing `` Too Long At The Fair '' with 40 + years of life experience behind it is truly at once magical and mesmerizing but ultimately poignent . I 've been a fan for more than 35 years and this is the most accesible I think she 's ever been . Since she 's announced a full 2007 Summer European Tour , I think it 's safe to say that we can expect another `` Streisand Live In Europe 2007 '' CD/CD 's . Run , do n't walk to buy this Barbra release . You are in for ear candy of the most delicious kind .
 Yeah , yeah , yeah ... a lot of people say that she 's lost that amazing voice , that she ca n't sing anymore ... do n't you believe that . She is more than a singer , she is a performer . Her voice is still the best and she makes a fantastic use of it . The arrangements and orchestration are brilliant and reminds me of Sinatra 's . Listen to the bonus track When the sun comes out and you 'll understand . Compare this performance to the earlier in her carrier , almost 50 years ago . She sounds better today , as incredible as it may sound .
 Excelente show con mucho significado para mi , pues presenci&eacute; el realizado en Fort Laudardale en octubre de 2006 , regresaba de la Provence , Francia , y queriamos cerrar con broche de oro , viendo el show de Miss Streisand y asi fue , asimismo el precio que pague por este album fue algo sin precedentes , un precio de REGALO .
 A wonderful recording of a magical evening of music with an American icon Barbra Streisand ! Streisands voice was so smooth and vibrant . What a treat to hear her accompanied by El Divo . It is by far one of my favorite recordings . Money well spent .
 This album is fantastic ! It is Streisand at her best . And the duos with Il Divo are beautiful ! Only wish there was a DVD of this concert !
 Streisand still has it ! A great voice , beautiful song selections , and enjoyable narration by Streisand throughout . Especially enjoy those songs accompanied by Il Divo .
 wish I could have been there to see the production in person . It 's great !
 I do n't agree with Barbra 's politics , but I absolutely adore her voice , her acting ability , her presence , and the way she brings class , elegance and sophistication to everything she does . Her voice has darkened , deepened , and has a `` dusky '' and `` husky '' quality to it now , and she does n't have quite the resonance and brilliance that she had even 10 years ago , but even so , her voice is still incredibly rich and smooth . And she can still belt a high note like no one 's business . She works magic with each and every song she sings , completely enthralling the listener . Especially magical and beautiful are `` The music of the night '' and `` Somewhere '' , both of which she sings with the Pop/Opera group `` Il Divo '' . The sound of her voice interwoven with theirs , especially at the climax of each song is , yet again , beautiful , magical and exhilarating . But of course , Barbra is all of those things when she sings alone as well.She sings for us some of the staple songs of her long career , such as `` The way we were '' , `` Evergreen '' -LRB- which she also does with Il Divo and in a variety of different languages -RRB- , and `` People '' . She also sings for us some songs from early in her career , such as `` Have I stayed too long at the fair ? '' , which is one of my personal favorites . She also treats us to a whole string of songs from `` Funny Girl '' , some from the movie , and some from the stage version that did n't make it into the film . We are also privileged to get to hear her briefly play the piano , and then sing for us the very first song she ever wrote , `` Ma premiere chanson '' . In this recording , she seems very relaxed and amicable towards the audience , as opposed to past times when she perhaps was more nervous and tense.The arrangements and orchestrations of each song are so beautiful and elegant and sophisticated and grand ... just like Barbra . Her style is inimitable , her voice is perfect , and she is truly a living legend .
 Barbra Steisand continues to amaze me with her fantastic voice . Her live concerts with audience reaction and her interaction with the audience makes for a wonderful CD , filled with many of her hit songs . Adding IL DIVO to the CD really makes it special . Barbra 's voice remains clear and strong with perfect enunciation as she sings my favorites `` Somewhere '' `` Happy Days are Here Again '' `` Do n't Rain On My Parade '' `` What Are You Doing the Rest of My Life '' and on and on . I rated this CD a four star instead of five star because I liked her 1990 's concert tour CD better , rating it a five star performance with more of her classic songs . The orchestras who accompanied Barbra on both tours were fantastic . I would highly recommend both the 1990 's tour CD and the 2006 tour CD to every Streisand fan .
 This is one of the best CD 's of all her concerts . I was lucky enough to go to her concert in Los Angeles and it was fantastic . The CD makes you feel as if you are there listening to her wonderful voice . ILDivo performs and I highly recommend it to anyone who is a Streisand fan .
 This is , in so many ways , a remarkable recording . Besides that , the album is also an essential historical document . Throughout these two discs we hear one of the preeminent vocalists of our time proving beyond a doubt that she still has it.It 's remarkable how Streisand uses that instrument of hers . Yes , age is creeping up with her , but the voice still sends a shiver down your spine . -LRB- Play the album both loudly and softly , and you 'll be stunned both ways . -RRB- Many of her previous live performances seemed , on record anyway , as forced and insincere . This set shows Streisand at her warmest ... her love and respect and gratitude to the audience is as sincere as it can get . Needless to say , the warmth the audience gives her is evident too.It 's remarkable , too , how in those few spots where she hits what Sinatra used to call `` clams '' -LRB- a bad or missed note -RRB- the note is left in . I do n't know how much overdubbing or splicing was done for this set , but to my ears it seems as if it 's the real deal.There are only two sides to this set to me . One is that it is over too quickly . Thank heavens for the repeat button on a CD player . The other , quite honestly , is Il Divo . Granted , I could never stand them ... they represent the phoniness that Simon Cowell thinks is musical talent and should have been left off the CD . `` The Music of the Night '' is a mess except for Streisand 's vocal , which is remarkably close to the 1993 studio version . `` Somewhere '' is n't much better . Even when Streisand 's voice slightly cracks in the song , it 's lightyears ahead of what those guys can do . They 're not up to this elegent affair ... and from the start I wondered why she chose them as an opening act . Why not get the real things , such as Michael Crawford or Johnny Mathis?Even some Streisand fans will admit that some of their Streisand albums stay on the shelf for a long time between plays ... but this will likely not be one of them . I 've already played it twenty or so times in one week . Terrific documentation of a legend still in her prime .
 I was Lucky enough to have attended her Concert here In Los Angeles and Barbra Just gets Better and Better . When you Compare this Cd to her Live Cd from Her 1994 Concerts , you can tell that she is Now Very Comfortable Performaning Live and She sings like she sang at the Bon Soire when she was 21 years old only better ! What is great about this 2 cd set is that many of the songs -LRB- I believe 15 songs -RRB- have actually never been on any of her live cd 's and many of these songs she hasnt sang live in Decades ! I also like that in this cd set they include barbra talking between songs which is great because barbra is hilarious ! I can not wait for her next concert tour -LRB- and you know there will be one -RRB- ! I Love you Barbra !
 You wonder if she can still do it after 40 years and once again she proves she can !!
 I first saw Barbra live in 1994 . She was so nervous , holding on to that microphone for dear life , and sticking to the script about 90 % of the time . And she was magnificent . The power ! The presence ! I think the last note of `` On A Clear Day . . '' is probably still traveling . I could n't imagine what she must have been capable of in her 20 's and 30 's . In 1998 , she married James Brolin , and things changed for her . The security of being loved can do wonderful things for the psyche . It was evident in the `` Timeless '' concerts of 2000 , and even more so in 2006 . Gone is the stage fright . The woman is taking off her shoes , waving to people , joking , taking questions from the audience , playing the piano , and wearing her glasses ... in public ! It 's like the Invasion of the Body Snatchers . What have you done with our Barbra ! What a joy to see her this way . What a joy to see her enjoying her gifts , and the people who love her.Is the voice the same ? No . She 's 65 ; it ca n't be like it was in 1994 , or even in 2000 , for that matter . She ca n't hit those power notes anymore . But like a great pitcher who has lost his overpowering fastball , she 's getting them out with guile and finesse . As an interpreter of popular songs , only Sinatra was her equal . What she does here is awesome . Listen to her `` Have I Stayed Too Long At The Fair '' , sung for the first time since the 60 's , but this time with all that 40 years of living can bring to it . Listen to `` Unusual Way '' . At Madison Square Garden , the audience with me sat in pin-drop silence , hanging on every word . Listen to `` Funny Girl '' or `` Come Rain or Come Shine '' . Every song , a revelation . There is no one like her , and may never be . It happens once . Enjoy the `` new '' Barbra . Not like the `` old '' Barbra . But everything you could want . Has she still got it ? Yeah .
 There is only one Barbra Streisand and she is in prime form on her new live album . Like Barbara Cook , her voice has deepend a little with age , but her interpretations have become even richer and the voice sounds amazingly untouched . She is one of the lasts of the greats and I 'm glad I had a chance to experience this fabulous performace live ! Order this disc ASAP !!!!
 Barbra Streisand is pop music 's greatest voice . No doubt about it . At 65 she can still sing better than anyone else . This CD is no exception.My complaints -- they used very ` tame ' vocals when putting together this CD . Seeing her perform in Chicago was the time of my life , my dream . Barbra REALLY LET GO in concert , singing and peforming her heart out . While she sounds great here , they used tamer vocals
 This is Barbra Streisand at her most sublime . Here we have a very relaxed Barbra , finally at peace with herself and her audience . She coyly asks , `` Please forgive my imperfections '' ... not that there 's much her adoring fans need to forgive her for in the first place.Barbra tackles songs she has n't sung in years ; most beautifully on `` Have I Stayed To Long At The Fair ? '' She cleverly combines `` Carefully Taught '' from Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` SOUTH PACIFIC '' with `` Children Will Listen '' from Stephen Sondheim 's `` INTO THE WOODS . '' When Barbra climbs the scale to hit a huge high note in `` Starting Here , Starting Now '' , she sounds as if she 's climbing a musical Mount Everest . That is , in effect , exactly what she IS doing , and , yes , she can and still does , hit those huge high notes when she needs to.This concert begins with the Original Broadway Overture from `` FUNNY GIRL '' , my favorite Streisand show . That gave me a huge thrill and a few chills . All the songs from `` FUNNY GIRL '' -LRB- both Original Broadway and Film Version -RRB- move me tremendously . She is so fresh singing `` People '' here , it 's as if she 's singing it for the first time . For the record , she first sang it in 1964 . Before singing `` Somewhere '' from `` WEST SIDE STORY '' , Barbra simply but strongly says , `` Whatever the era , hate accomplishes nothing . `` Although Barbra will never equal JUDY GARLAND in my opinion , I 'm happy that Barbra finally seems happy at last just being Barbra . I certainly do n't want her to be anybody else .
 I just finished listening to the concert and one word pops in mind AMAZING . It was as wonderful as i expected it to be yeah she could n't hit some of the high notes like she used to on some songs but so what lol.In my opinion the way she sounded singing `` Somewhere '' in this tour is in my opinion the best she has ever sang the song live I love the song and I love her ! her voice has such power to it ... and another thing i love is try and name 1 other female performer who can do nothing but simply walk out onstage and have the entire audience on their feet for a standing ovation i ca n't think of anyone else . . I can not wait till the DVD for this tour is released if we are all lucky maybe it will be the show where she told her heckler to SHUT THE F * CK UP ! LMAO . . i remember hearing about that for days people got all upset over her Bush skit well here is how i see it if your a Republican a Barbra Streisand concert is n't for you LOL
 Barbra Streisand for over 46 years has been an entertainer beyond words . Her 2006 tour and subsequent 2007 European tour are sell out sensations . This CD captures part of her performance which is quite powerful . The stage presence alone is numbing , the vocals are rich , deep and so moving . The pairing with Il Divo is fantastic , they have brilliant voices , but are eclipsed by the legend . This is a must have for everyone , especially those who were n't able to see her in concert . What could you want more , how about a DVD to go along with it ?
 There is no one like Streisand ! her interpretative skills are still a wonder of wanders . Best selections are
 The songs are valuable from a historical view and the choral works are exceptional , reflecting Furt 's outstandig talents in his early teen.The Te Deum , from my personal perspective , is better than Beethoven 's Nith 4th Mov.Highly Recommended.The Te Deum currently has three versions available.Hans Chemin-Petit / BPO & Chorus - sound quality too bad . ??? Diskau -LRB- The Famous Bariton 's son -RRB- 's version is very difficult to attain.This one on Macro Polo . DDD Recording compensate the bad quality of Chemin-Petit 's version and interpretation is faster than the former , but still very natural .
 I am a REALLY huge fan of Silverchair , and although this IS a good single , it seems to have lost something . Silverchair 's lyrics used to be quite deep , but this single seems to have lost that . Perhaps they are deep in their own way , but they seem to be less meaningful to the average listener , I would think . The music is good though . It 's worth buying , but I still prefer their older stuff ...
 I bought this single because I heard `` Asylum '' on `` Live from Faraway Stables '' and I loved it . I bought it used from amazon.com , and it was totally worth it . I wanted to buy the entire Diorama Singles Boxed Set , but I ca n't find it anywhere -LRB- except for ridiculous prices on E-bay -RRB- , so I just went ahead and bought it here . Pins in My Needles is n't too bad , but I can see why it did n't make the cut to be on Diorama .
 `` A World Within a World '' says it all . This is probably the best CD I own . I absolutly LOVE silverchair , I have been a fan since they first came out with `` Tomorrow '' . This CD just proves how diverse and talented they are . Daniel Johns -LRB- lead singer -RRB- has such a beautiful and magestic voice.It definitely makes all troubles go away by just listening to it . It is soooo great to hear these bright and happy lyrics . I am looking forward to hearing much more from them .
 I have recently purchased silverchair 's new cd `` Diorama '' and absolutlyt love it . The first single `` The Greatest View '' is a great song and def . stands out from other current singles . THe B-side songs < on the single > are also great , I think Hollywood is my fav . song off both the single and the cd . < it does n't appear on Diorama > , Also the song , `` Pins in my Needles '' also appears on the single.This single and esp . the cd are definite must buys for any rock fan !
 once again silverchair have managed to produce another amazing sound . it has a real feeling of happieness to it and it has alot of thought behind it , i cant wait for the release of diorama in july , however i wish it would come sooner , this band is pure talent all the way with so many hidden talents !!!! id advize that you buy this if youre any kind of silverchair fan
 Wow , I 've loved all of Silverchair 's work before this , but this was a whole new sound for them . It 's a lighter sound than past cd 's like , frogstomp and freakshow ... . but heavier then their last cd Neon Ballroom -LRB- which is amazing , definately check it out , if you hav n't already -RRB- . The only thing I 'm not too crazy about , with all three of the songs , are the lyrics . Sometimes they can be really amazing , but then there are times when you feel they sound a bit underdeveloped . Over all though , I feel this is a great single , and the bonus tracks are awesome too ! Make sure to look for there new album coming out in Australia , March .31 st. ... . and in north america sometime in july !
 The Greatest View is such an amazingly good song . Cool video too . Neon Ballroom was one of the best albums I had ever heard , so I could n't wait for their next album to come out . Neon Ballroom was pretty much about Daniel John 's bout with depression and anorexia and it was just ... uh ... absolutely incredible . If you have n't heard it ... get it NOW !!! Anyway , the greatest view is a little different than anything on Neon Ballroom . The feeling is n't one of dispair , but one of hope . Pins in my needles , the 2nd song is pretty good too . I have n't heard the 3rd song . The only thing that pisses me off is that I have to wait till April 1 for the album to come out -LRB- and thats in Australia !! God only knows when it 'll come out here in the U.S. -RRB-
 I stumbled upon this set one day at a store and I initially purchased it based on some of the familiar artists on the track listing . What I had purchased turned out to be probably the best compilation of downtempo music I 've ever heard . From start to finish on both discs I ca n't turn it off . If you 're not enjoying it directly the compilation makes for excellent background music if you 're having friends over to enjoy some drinks . I recommend this set to anyone who is a fan of downtempo music .
 I definitely did n't pay $ 50 for each volume , probably just a little more than half of that . You decide whether or not you want to spend that kind of money after I make the following comment : I own over 2,000 cds filled with music from just about every style and genre.The Paradisiac series has to be one of the best investments I have ever made when it comes to music and buying cds !
 There are literally dozens of compilations to sift through when it comes to one of country music 's most prolific artists , but THE ESSENTIAL DOLLY PARTON is hands down the most thorough . Of course , you 're not going to get every hit from a nearly 40-year career , but this 37-song collection touches on most of the highlights.Beginning with the 1967 hit `` Dumb Blonde '' from her major label debut HELLO , I 'M DOLLY and ending with `` Shine '' from 2001 's bluegrass roots album LITTLE SPARROW , this is a chronological look at one of country music 's most gifted artists . In addition to early classics like `` Jolene '' and `` Coat of Many Colors , '' there are the crossover hits like `` Here You Come Again '' and `` 9 to 5 . '' In addition there are duets with her late-sixties partner Porter Wagoner -LRB- `` Please Do n't Stop Loving Me '' -RRB- and Kenny Rogers -LRB- `` Islands in the Stream '' -RRB- , along with her work with Emmylou Harris and Linda Ronstadt -LRB- `` To Know Him Is To Love Him '' -RRB- . It 's also worth noting that Parton wrote more than half of these songs , including her original rendition of `` I Will Always Love You '' -- which , frankly , I prefer to Whitney Houston 's over-the-top version.If you 're looking for a solid introduction to Parton 's entire career , look no further . THE ESSENTIAL is exactly what you 've been waiting for . VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 Being released on the newly formed Legacy/BMG merged label , one would think Legacy would try to feature more songs from their vaults and tracks recorded from her brief stint with UMG . While the mastering of this cd with her over compiled recordings from RCA sound the best ever , I really feel Legacy missed out on a golden opportunity . While `` Shine '' closes out this set , the bluegrass album that preceeded it , `` The Grass Is Blue , '' is n't represented at all , as is n't `` Halos and Horns . '' Dolly 's one off album with MCA/Decca `` Hungry Again '' could have be represented by `` Paradise Road , '' and `` Treasures '' could have been represented by it 's huge hit `` Peace Train , '' which was subject to a number of remixes for club consumption . The Sony label could have been better highlighted with hits like `` Romeo '' and the gospel anthem `` He 's Alive . '' I think now we must move past compilations and focus on re-issues . A lot of Dolly 's albums , there are a lot of them , have been langushing in the vaults for years ; dust 'em off already .
 You may remember a previous compilation , Ultimate Dolly Parton , that was released a couple of years ago . The standard American version was a single CD containing 20 tracks . The UK version had those tracks plus a bonus re-mix of Early morning breeze . There was also a double-CD version that contained 36 tracks , available by mail order only from one outlet in the USA , which did not allow orders from outside the USA . However , this version was released as standard in Germany so anybody who wanted it could buy the German version if they could n't buy -LRB- or did n't know about -RRB- the mail order version - it is available from several Amazon sites . This new compilation is a re-packaging and re-issue of that double-CD with one extra track added - Shine . Therefore , if you 've already got the 36-track version of Ultimate Dolly Parton , you do n't need this - you can buy Shine elsewhere . The remainder of this review is for those who have n't got the 36-track double CD.To anybody who already owns a compilation of Dolly 's music for RCA , the track listing here has a familiar look to it with few exceptions . The exceptions are Please do n't stop loving me , a sensational duet with Porter Wagoner not normally included on Dolly 's solo compilations , To know him is to love him , from the first Trio album , and Why 'd you come in here looking like that , from Dolly 's period with Columbia.The other tracks here include many Dolly classics , notably Jolene -LRB- her only UK top ten solo hit -RRB- , Islands in the stream -LRB- a duet with Kenny Rogers that became a USA number one pop hit and UK top ten hit -RRB- , Here you come again -LRB- a USA top three pop hit -RRB- , Coat of many colors -LRB- Dolly 's autobiographical signature song -RRB- , Bargain store -LRB- which some radio stations thought too risqu&eacute; -RRB- , 9 to 5 -LRB- a USA number one pop hit -RRB- , It 's all wrong but it 's all right -LRB- much more risqu&eacute; than Bargain store -RRB- , My Tennessee mountain home -LRB- a look at the good times in her childhood -RRB- , Love is like a butterfly -LRB- one of Dolly 's finest romantic songs -RRB- , The seeker -LRB- another great romantic song though this one can also be interpreted as a gospel song -RRB- , Mule skinner blues -LRB- a cover of a Jimmie Rodgers song that provided Dolly with her first major American country hit - it made the top three -RRB- , Joshua -LRB- her first number one country hit -RRB- and Dumb blonde -LRB- her first country hit of any size - it made the top thirty -RRB- . Even 37 tracks ca n't include everything though I will admit to being particularly disappointed at the omission of Yellow roses , a number one country hit and one of my favorite Dolly songs . Other omissions include Real love -LRB- a duet with Kenny Rogers -RRB- , Applejack , Baby I 'm burning , Think about love and Do I ever cross your mind.If you only want one collection of Dolly 's music covering both her traditional country and her pop-country music , make it this one . Even if you want to build a collection , this is a great way to start .
 This is probably the most comprehensive collection there is for Dolly Parton 's music -LRB- unless you can find a copy of the Australian 3 cd import LEGENDARY -RRB- . With the recent merging of RCA/BMG and Sony/Columbia , I hope that they will be responsible and release her albums that are not yet available on CD . Fans would buy that . Yet RCA is still releasing these collections , year after year . At least this time , it 's somewhat complete . It 's far from definitive , but it 's a good place to start . 37 tracks spread out over 2 discs give a quick overview of her career . Lets hope they do a boxed set or something different than the average compilation with the same tracks on it .
 This essential collections has pretty much everything you could want from Dolly all on 2 discs . If you are looking for the complete Dolly collection , then look into the 4 disc box set . This is a great collection regardless with 14 number one hits on here , you really ca n't miss . Enjoy and Stay 2nd : - -RRB-
 I bought this item for my brother as he could n't find it anywhere in stores . He loved it and plays it in his truck constantly .
 A career as long and rich as Parton 's ca n't possibly be fully surveyed in only thirty-seven tracks on two discs . But this latest Essential volume does an admirable job of pulling together many of the singer-songwriter 's catalog highpoints , mixing her best-loved solo hits with duets from Porter Wagoner , Kenny Rogers and Ricky Van Shelton , her trio work with Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris , and finishing with a track -LRB- `` Shine '' -RRB- from her trio of recent bluegrass-influenced albums.The track list here covers much of the same ground as the two volume mid-90s `` Essential '' set , though notably adding Parton 's first charting single , `` Dumb Blond , '' and stretching into Parton 's twenty-first century 's return to her mountain roots The merger of RCA/BMG and Sony/Columbia opened the doors for the breadth of material pulled together here , but it 's simply not enough to fully essay Parton 's artistry ; the list of missing essentials is as long as the list included here . Further , the space available on each disc suggests a desire to keep the mechanical royalties in line with a list price that 's affordable to an audience beyond Parton die-hards . This set is well positioned to replace the previous two volume series as a value-priced overview/entry-point to Parton 's extraordinary catalog . That it repeats much of the same core catalog as earlier compilations is something of an empty complaint , given that it 's not intended to probe any deeper . Still , with most of Parton 's RCA album catalog out of print , this view of the better-known highlights does re-beg the question of when individual album reissues or a comprehensive box set will be produced for Parton 's hardcore fans . -LSB- 2005 hyperbolium dot com -RSB-
 I 'm 20 years old and a recent Dolly fan . I do not have any of her recordings , so I decided to buy this because it includes `` Blue Ridge Mountain Boy '' , which is my favorite Dolly song.It includes everyones favorites like `` Jolene '' , as well as some great songs from her earlier days such as `` Dumb Blonde '' . Overall a great compilation for those who do n't have any of Ms. Partons music .
 Dolly Parton is one of those rare icons who has a truly beautiful spirit and sense of humor , and who also has substantial natural songwriting and singing talent to back it up . Just regarding the music -LRB- the backbone of her massive career -RRB- , for almost 50 years , she has continuously put out great albums . Her distinctively fluttery-yet-powerful voice is always expressive , with an innocent and mature quality all at once . This is the voice that is perfect for expressing the storytelling she does so well in her lyrics and melodies.Short of compiling her entire catalogue over what would probably be a 20-CD set , it is impossible to capture the full breadth of a prolific and brilliant career like Dolly 's . So , there will always some oversight in the creation of an album like this . Every fan will have their own gripes about songs that should have been included . For me , even the 3-disc version does n't have a few of the songs I love , namely `` Tomorrow is Forever '' with Porter Wagoner and `` More Where That Came From . '' However , this ambitious set has 37 songs over 2 CDs , and manages to capture a good sample of her work , and brilliantly contains most of what I want to hear all in one compendium . She explores love , life and laughter in her songs , ranging from the heart-wrenching `` We Used To '' and `` Starting Over '' to the desperation of `` Jolene '' to the brighter `` Joshua . '' These are some of the songs I like the best : `` Dumb Blonde '' You ca n't have a best-of without including her first major hit . It 's cheeky and cute . `` This dumb blonde ai n't nobody 's fool , '' indeed . `` Coat of Many Colors '' Yes , this is one of her signature songs , and no wonder . Her storytelling is at some of its best here . She builds to this poignant maxim at the end
 If you 're a Dolly Parton fan -LRB- even somewhat of a fan -RRB- , this is a must have for your collection . It will NOT disappoint !!
 With the recent merging of RCA/BMG and Sony/Columbia , the vast majority of Dolly Parton 's catalog is now owned by one company . A comprehensive retrospective of Parton 's best work is now possible but this 37-track , two-disc set - while the best overview yet put together on Parton - is still far from definitive.The Essential Dolly Parton begins with Parton 's first single for the Monument -LRB- a Sony subsidiary -RRB- label , the 1967 hit `` Dumb Blonde . '' It 's a shame its follow-up `` Something Fishy '' was n't included here as well . Still in 1967 , Parton moved over to the RCA label with the help of her new mentor Porter Wagoner and it is here that Parton recorded her best work over the next 8-10 years , the most consistent work by a female singer-songwriter in country music history . Highlights of this period fill up the rest of disc one and include the colorful , uptempo sagas of crusty `` Joshua '' and that tramp `` Jolene , '' as well as the simple but effective devotionals `` I Will Always Love You '' and `` Love Is Like A Butterfly , '' and most endearingly , the ruminations of Parton 's youth on `` My Tennessee Mountain Home '' and `` Coat Of Many Colors '' -LRB- probably her best composition ever -RRB- . Also included from this era is her biggest hit with longtime duet partner Wagoner , `` Please Do n't Stop Loving Me '' -LRB- I prefer their heartbreaker `` If Teardrops Were Pennies '' -RRB- . From this period , I would have also included her humorous romp `` Travelin ' Man '' and the tragic tale `` Down From Dover . `` Disc two leads off with `` Here You Come Again '' and `` Two Doors Down '' from 1978 , and it is at this point that Parton went pop for awhile . The five tracks that follow like `` Starting Over Again '' and `` You 're The Only One , '' are sluggish , bland middle of the road soundalikes - usually written by others - that failed to exploit her immense personality . Thankfully , the collection emerges from this sonic coma with Parton 's spunky , self-penned `` 9 To 5 '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- and the delightful yodelfest `` Tennessee Homesick Blues '' -LRB- 1984 -RRB- . Mid-80s collaborations with Kenny Rogers on `` Islands In The Stream '' plus Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris on `` To Know Him Is To Love Him '' -LRB- the exquisite Parton-featured `` Wild Flowers '' should be here , not this ordinary , Harris-led effort -RRB- amply exhibit Parton 's harmonizing skills , while other country chart-toppers from this period - the Rogers ' duet `` Real Love , '' the enchanting `` Think About Love '' - are inexplicably omitted from this set , along with my gaudy favorite `` Potential New Boyfriend . `` In 1988 , Parton moved from RCA over to Columbia . Her relatively lengthy tenure there - six albums - is represented only by the chart-toppers `` Why 'd You Come In Here Lookin ' Like That '' and `` Rockin ' Years , '' the latter a beautiful collaboration with Ricky Van Shelton . Several other Columbia singles should have been included as well , such as the gentle number one `` Yellow Roses '' and the gorgeous inspirational epic `` He 's Alive . '' The set then concludes with her poignant remake of Collective Soul 's `` Shine '' from 2001 's Little Sparrow album , the lone representative of her recent foray into bluegrass music -LRB- I would have included at least half a dozen more tracks from her fantastic Grass Is Blue/Little Sparrow/Halos and Horns trilogy -RRB- . There was room for about another ten tracks which if added could have made this collection live up to its name . Instead , we will go on praying for a Parton box set containing at least four jam-packed discs as well as the cd reissuing of her early RCA albums .
 This is a wonderful collection of original Dolly Parton recordings . Very enjoyable !!! I love it !!
 This collection of Dolly 's hits pretty much covers the entire output of her career , at least hit-wise . Kicking things off with `` Dumb Blonde '' and going up thru her cover of Collective Soul 's `` Shine '' . Along the way you get all the hits one right after another . The only area that is n't fully represented are her duets with Porter Wagoner , the only Porter/Dolly duet included is their only # 1 country hit `` Please Do n't Stop Loving Me '' , in fact all of Dolly 's # 1 country hits are here . A great set and truly Essential listening for a Dolly fan.Just a short note , two years ago BMG/Heritage put out `` The Ultimate Dolly Parton '' , that was a single disc collection . At the same time that set was released came a two disc version that was only availble thru mail order . This new collection is the same as the previous two disc set . The only difference is inclusion of `` Shine '' on `` The Essential Dolly Parton '' .
 I have always dug Dolly Parton & this Double Disc Set is a must have for any Newbie getting into Dolly 's Work . She is a Good Songwriter & Vocalist who has always had Her own Distinctive style . yes she is long overdue for a Strong Box set , but this Collection covers many of Her Hits & also Pre Cross-Over Run .
 Pleased with the purchase . It was what I was looking for , arrived on time and in good shape . It was cheaper than if I had purchased it at a local store .
 I listened to this , and it took me back to days of listening to WRCP in Philadelphia , PA. in the backseat of my parent 's car . Especially with the older material , and I feel her voice was one of innocence in those earlier tunes , and I know that I have to separate all of this from my own wonders of the Southern culture . I began to notice a couple of tunes dealt with Biblical Themes
 No. 5 in the 30 Hertz series -LRB- named for the Wobble 's primary recording studio these days -RRB- is a popish mix of world beats , beatiful , clear deep bass lines and some of the most compelling other-worldy vocals I have ever heard ... ` Il Jevedro Il Oblacno ' is a standout as is ' I Offer you Everything ' , ` Mount Zion ' and the beautifully building ` Moon Slowbeat Part I. ` Harry Becket 's trumpet is unfortunately only featured on two tracks , and Amila Sulejmanovic gives stunning performances on the opening two tracks.Late night listening with beats or Saturday afternoon , I 've had a lot of trouble keeping this one out of my player for very long at a time ...
 This is a live cd -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , with all of their great hits from all the albums combined . Hard driving rock and roll , like always the great bands come from Canada . Over the years Moxy has not given up , they keep pressing on . This has their all time master piece '' Sail on , Sail away '' . Plus 16 other great songs . Very strong singing from Brian and backed up by the best . Do yourself a great justice and get this cd .
 I was pleasantly suprised when I received this CD in the mail!I was used to hearing the original moxy lineup with Buzz Sherman on vocals but Max does a great job and the band rocks on this one ! Live from San Antonio and the 17 tracks are all great moxy songs from all the LP 's . I just wish this band would tour with someone well known so that they could be better known ! If you want a great live CD get this one ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 ... really great record , great blues influenced straight ahead rock from Canada , awesome rythym guitar / Buddy Caine , and lead w / Earl Johnson ... ... original members , and new singer Mad Max ... these guys used to tour with AC/DC in the day.I 'm sure they can tell some tales ... ...
 After 30 + years of missing out , this was a great re-introduction to the music of Moxy . I purchased the new debut 8-track while traveling with my fellow Marines in the Mediterranian area and it became an instant favorite . I was disappointed with the second release , however , and did n't follow the band after that . I see now that was a mistake . Obviously subsequent releases produced some great rock . Since I love concerts , live recordings , when done right , have always been my favorite listens and this one sure pleases . It 'll get a lot of rotation along with Live and Dangerous , MSG Live At Budokan , Made in Japan , and Strangers in the Night . The rating should get a 5 , and the music does , but the `` on demand ' CD-R recording could be better . There is a distinctive `` BLIP '' at track changes that is somewhat annoying . With todays technology , there should be a better transition on these live recordings between songs . But do n't let that keep you from purchasing this CD . This music is , definitely , pure 70 's pleasure ! If you 've never heard Moxy , this is a great place to start .
 I have long been a fan of the classic Moxy albums , featuring of course the vocals of Buzz Shearman . Accordingly I was a little apprehensive about this album . But I decided to take a leap of faith based on a number of favourable reviews on Amazon and a long held desire to hear these great songs on a live album . I can not say I am disappointed in the results , although the obvious does need stating , and that is that the absence of the vocals of Buzz Shearman inevitably detracts a little from the feel of album overall.That is not to say that `` Max '' Maxim does not do a good job . In fact he has a voice that fits nicely with the overall sound of the album . It is just that when you hear great songs like Sail On Sail Away and I 'll set you on Fire sung by anybody else it is inevitable to feel that something is missing somehow.The band is very tight throughout however and the song selection is just fine with me.Overall if you are a fan of solid 70 's guitar bands , and especially live renditions of same , you could not be disappointed with this one . Definitely recommended .
 Ca n't say enough about this band . Its a rock-solid album from a band who knows how to deliver new and different content .
 This cd has a lot to offer . No matter your tastes in music , you will enjoy a thing or two about this album . The instrumentals are my favorites . They are feel good songs for me . My favorite song is Eternity . . I also ebjoy listening to Floating Down . Overall it is a nice jazzy album that even the pop crowd might like .
 I 've been a Yello fan since Solid Pleasure 's release and I 've experience the best -LRB- One Second , Claro Que Si -RRB- and worst -LRB- Zebra -RRB- of what this group has to offer . One Second is the pinnacle of their work and is one of my all-time favorite albums ever.Even though this album is getting on in years , the sounds and rhythyms remains timeless ... both dark and tenebrous as well as hypnotic and majestic . `` Santiago '' finds -LRB- and keeps -RRB- the groove of all grooves , `` Moon On Ice '' drips with atmosphere , and `` Call It Love '' sports an excellent guitar hook . Even the repeat track `` Oh Yeah '' -LRB- previously on Stella -RRB- , fits in with the entire composition.This album is sheer genius and belongs in any music lover 's collection .
 This album is the best of Yello 's earliest albums . My favourite song is Si Senor The Hairy Grill , but Call It Love is also good as well as Goldrush , Dr Van Steiner , The Rythm Divine and L'Hotel . I hav n't quite get used to the other songs -LRB- as you often have to do with Yello 's songs -RRB- . Buy this album !
 I bought this album so many years ago that I forgot why I originally got it or how I had heard it . Must have been from that movie about that kid ditching school . Fortunately smarter people than me in a stroke of marketing genius placed the popular song smack in the middle of an amazing album not yet discovered in the U.S. . If it was n't for that song I never would have found the other amazing songs on the album . At the time I thought the song did n't fit so when I moved it to tape , I placed Oh Yeah on a compilation tape and recorded this album with the song Oh Yeah omitted . This seemed to make the album flow . In this remaster they seem to have gone back to the original theme . More of a Moroccan/Latin sound than the sounds played when a kid dances on a float -LRB- reference not perfect -RRB- . If you want the song Oh Yeah it is for sale . If you want to surprise a lot of people -LRB- including your self -RRB- with a thematically perfect and just fun album then give this a try.T -
 Whereas You Got To Say Yes To Another Excess and Stella contained B sides , One Second was Yello 's most polished production to date . Of the 11 tracks , not one sounds out-of-place or lacking in studio sheen . The album is fluid ; each of the glossy , precisely structured compositions flow together seamlessly , complementing each other while at the same time maintaining their diversity.The remastered One Second -LRB- 16 tracks ; 77:24 -RRB- includes 3 remixes , none of which are all that spectacular . I 'm not a fan of -LRB- techno -RRB- remixes and ca n't understand why electronic recording artists feel the need to re-do a song of their own that ca n't be improved upon , just for the sake of getting it played inside discotheques and boom cars . As for the 2 additional tracks , Life Is A Snowball is worth picking up the re-release alone - a snazzy number with gutsy vocals by the late great Billy Mackenzie.Of the 11 originals , tracks 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 9 , and 11 are my favorites.The habanera , of Spanish derivation , is a tango-resembling Cuban dance . La Habanera is an enticing , spicy opener , as sweet as plum sauce , illustrating composer/arranger Boris Blank 's yen for musical exoticism . Blank writes music using an imaginative mind-screen , and , indeed , each of the 6 stand-out tracks are quite pictorial.With track 1 , an urban main drag is conjured within one 's mind 's - eye ; here I envision -LRB- along with the `` popping corks and blasting bullets '' -RRB- a vespertine float , led by a giant Chinese dragon mask -LRB- in Cuba ? -RRB- , replete with costumed cake-walkers , fire-eaters and other freakish entertainers , some carrying fizzle sticks - a composite portable spectacle capped by a dreamy-voiced chanteuse perched atop a platform . -LRB- That would be Rush Waters , who also provides the lyrics/vocals on Dr. Van Steiner . -RRB- La Habanera 's bass line grips you and Dieter Meier 's suave chorus inflections make you want to croon right along with him.Next up is Moon On Ice . Billy Mackenzie makes his first of Yello guest appearances . The romantic 's breezy , sultry vocals take you to an all-night , moonlit caf&eacute; , neath the twinkling stars - a rendezvous spot , where you and your inamorata are gliding across the barren dance-floor , as gracefully as figure-skaters . Then comes the toe-tapping , head-nodding rhythm of Call It Love , and Meier 's lyrical line-readings have never been delivered so introspectively nonchalantly , as if he were singing with his eyes closed , amid dwelling on pleasant remembrances.Diva Shirley Bassey shines on The Rhythm Divine , a torch number that could easily pass for a theme song to a James Bond movie . Here , the classy lady magnificently displays her operatic , melismatic talents . No one can hold a note quite like Bassey does ! The slow , seductive rhythm makes you want to finger-snap . The Rhythm Divine is an unforgettable , soulful , lusty ballad unlike any other you will ever hear.What is Dr. Van Steiner about ? A famous film director ? That I ca n't say . Being a cineaste , I 've heard of Josef von Sternberg and Erich von Stroheim , but never this one . Yet one thing is for certain , and that 's , when Rush Winters begins to sing , tingles go up and down my spine , especially during the velvety passage
 ` Course I had heard `` I Love You '' and maybe `` Oh Yeah '' but I just laughed and went on my way . Near 20 years later , I thought `` Oh Yeah '' might be fun to put in my playlist , so I got this CD . The more I listen , the more I appreciate the effort that went into this . This ranks right up with the productions of Pet Shop Boys and even `` Love and Theft '' for deep digging into what makes music . I ca n't find any fault with any of the cuts , even the sillier ones . This is cerebral music right up there with the early 50 's Hi Fi adventures . Dig into it . Appreciate a couple of guys who want to push you way past popular music .
 Mr. Blank is a genius . He uses sound like paint . I 've been listening to these guys for 25 years - still gives me goose bumps .
 This is probably one of the more popular albums from Yello . Many tracks from this album have been in several movies . Of course it has the bands single most popular song `` Oh Yeah '' , which is featured in `` Ferris Bueller 's Day Off '' and in those old twix commercials . This can also be found in a few other of their albums as well . A great song indeed , and so is the rest of the album . Yello has a style which is all their own . They do seem to love the latin sound , as is heard in the first track `` La Habanera '' , another great song . All of their music is fused with elecronica , samples and loops . You also have `` Si senor , the Hairy grill '' , which is more of a metal track . Dr. Von Steiner is also great . If you are looking for a sound that is unique and unlike anything mainstream then you have found it . This has always been one of my favorite Yello albums . I suggest you hear it for yourself , especially if you appretiate music in all of it 's many forms .
 Even though , this album was not critics ' favorite , give it a try . You 'll be mesmerized ! Its pulsating hypnotic melodies will drive you to the ecstasy and force you to listen to it again and again . I must admit that by being Yello 's fan I can not be very objective in describing their work . But after so many years since I 've heard album for the first time and after so many changes in my personal taste in the popular music , it is still one of my favorites . It is quite simply THE BEST CD TO LISTEN IN THE CAR by any artist . And hey , if all you know about Yello is infamous OH YEAH , consider this
 Late Billy MacKenzie & Shirley Bassey are the icing on thiscake -LRB- sorry ... LP , sorry ... CD -RRB- . Two voices adding an almostoperatic decor to this truly inspired album . Although MoonOn Ice is the premier among equals here , I myself preferdancing to the breath-taking rhythm of the Habanera . As far asI 'm concerned YELLO is a name synonymous with DRIVING . Alltheir songs have this drivy feeling nowhere else to befound . Stella 's dance anthem Oh Yeah is a bonus track herereminding us of all these funny movie scenes it was heard in :1 -RRB- K 9 , starring J. BELUSHI -LRB- while big boy dog is doing the wild thing with little lady dog in the back of a limousine -RRB- ,2 -RRB- The Secret Of My Success , starring M. J. FOX -LRB- while auntie Vera is trying to provoke nephew driver , again in the back ofa limousine -RRB- & 3 -RRB- one of my all time favourite movies FerrisBueller Day Off -LRB- starring M. BRODERICK -RRB- while the two blokesin the parking lot go cruisin with dad 's Ferrari.Though what a shame for this album to be the peak just beforethe decline of the career of this superb Swiss duo .
 I 'm a recent convert to a `` techno '' sound . Not bad for a 43 year old . I had been wondering where some of the great music of the 80s disappeared to . Now I know . A friend gave me this album . While I do n't know the songs all by name , except Rhythym Divine , I listen to the album from end to end and find something new I like each time . I used to enjoy the more technical sounds of the rock era and this album has it all . I ca n't really describe this music , it is great . It has some driving hard beats and some hypnotic melodies , as well as a lot in between . I plan to buy more Yello .
 This is listenable from beginning to end with no need to skip tracks . And once you listen to this , you will be hooked on Yello forever .
 This album has some of the most fascinating , bizarre sound at some points and other songs are flat out boring . Si Senor The Hairy Grill being the masterpiece of the bunch with an organ biuldup to an amazing crescendo of screaming guitars -LRB- or is it just screaming ? -RRB- . Dr. Van Steiner , Goldrush , the latin ~ tinged La Habanera , and to a lesser extent , Oh Yeah , are all fine , and incredibly inventive tunes . Shirley Bassey is great in the Rhythm Devine , but the rest is a tad blah . Still worth it for all the greatness , and was a must buy for me as I used to have it in the 80 's and really missed it . Jamming out to Si Senor was worth it all .
 Take it from someone who knows
 Not everyone can like every album . But , for me , One Second is my all-time favorite . I have listed to it regularly since it was first released and have never tired of the complex rhythms and musical variety that it offers . One Second is different from Yello 's other albums and , in my opinion , does n't hold as much appeal for someone looking for pure techno . While the drum machines and sequencers are certainly there -LRB- and brilliantly done -RRB- , the sound is less annalog and has more feel . It is not background music , but rather must be listened to to be enjoyed . The latin influence is wonderful and the music sounds as if it were made for Shirley Bassey 's style and voice . In my mind , this album creates its own genre of music which I have yet to find elsewhere . It is different , but it is very very good !
 Great tunes dripping with latin up beat melodies and smooth syncopation . One track could have easily appeared in a 007 flick.Slick production and sound makes for great party music ; dancing or sitting ! `` Oh yeah '' will always turn an ear with or without the accompaning movie ...
 This CD has the song Oh Yeah ! that is most commonly recognized from Ferris Bueller 's Day Off . But , you can not judge this CD by that song alone . Compared to the rest of the CD , ` Oh Yeah ! ' is a horribly boring track.The music is timeless . Each track is different , different style , different language . There are great rhythms , some latin , some electronic , some heavy metal . Far from boring . Great music to accompany just about any activity .
 Take time to listen to the samples -LSB- ... -RSB- If you do not own this album , then get it . Get it any way you can . The music is beyond innovative . The sounds remain timeles . If you are going to have a party get this CD . Your friends will love it . I personaly have thousands of Cd 's and this is by far one of the most important ones . Just listen to it . I assure you , you will not be disappointed .
 It does n't have Oh Yeah on it . Get over it.To the best of my knowledge , the original European release never had it either . It was on Stella , and still is in two versions -LRB- thanks to the remaster -RRB- . Buy that album instead if you have to have Oh Yeah . If you do n't own that track already , shame on you.With great tracks like La Habanera , Moon On Ice and The Rhythm Divine , this album does n't need that overplayed song . In fact , it detracts from the album as a whole because it was so stylistically different . We got it on the American version because the marketing types figured it would boost sales . It worked , but I am glad to see them get rid of it on the remaster . This is a moodly , atmosphere filled , eclectic electronic album that makes one think they 've gone back 30 years and are visiting a smoked filled cantina in Morroco . Or maybe that is just me ... But the point is , it is another of Yello 's great releases , and the remaster is even better than the original .
 This is one of my favourite Yello albums . It is inventive , amusing , creative and fun to listen to . Some of the songs are very moody and atmospheric , others are upbeat . It 's better than older Yello in my opinion and a good place to start if you are new to their sound .
 This is THE album of my life , and that is not an overstatement . It is a production masterpiece . When you listen to the tracks from this album , you start to appreciate months that Boris Blank spent in the studio mixing it . Being around studio and production people , I know that many people share my opinion . As a fan of synthetic techno-pop music -LRB- my second favorite are machine-sterile Erasure -RRB- , I still favor this semi-synthetic album , on which real musicians are featured . Most of the Yello albums are not melodious - Boris gives musicians their freedom , relieving them of the constraints of sampler . I would like to emphasize production wise perfect match with Shirley Basey , a singer who knows HOW to sing . This is the album of atmosphere , sea , the seagulls and summer evenings by the sea with the sound of waves . Album full of life , which perfectly blends into Mediterranean flavor -LRB- as does the forthcoming `` Flag '' -RRB- , and I believe also with Hawaii . I thank Boris Blank for this album , and I wish to send him the following message
 The is just a great album , when you listen to this you can just visualize everything . Like a movie being played out in your mind ... trippy right ! lol But it 's true , the drums are amazing and vocals rock - the music is very latin but still very all over the map everything seems to seemlessly go together smoothly . I `` borrowed '' this from my Dad one day when I was a teenager -LRB- in my 30 's now -RRB- & needless to say he never did get this back.The songs on here age well too , I still enjoy it . Over all this is a very fun , dramatic , heart pounding music . Great to listen to whenever , just be careful driving ... you might just lean on that gas pedal just a bit too hard .
 I got goosebumps in 1987 the first time I heard Dr. Van Steiner @ 1 ' 26 '' , still today in 2011 the same.Let me take this CD to heaven .
 If you 're a long time Jobim fan -LRB- or just a fan of music -RRB- - you 'll have all these tracks scattered across various CD 's and LP 's - if you want a roundup of his some of his greatest romantic/chill / lounge and quiet bossa tracks - this is really another greatest hits package . The version of DINDI is backed by Astrud Gilberto . Elis Regina joins him on a couple tracks also . For longtime fans who might want a convenient CD to put in the car or have ready a romantic evening CD with his `` quiet '' classics , no reason not to add this to your collection . For new fans , this is a great starter CD but you 'll be buying many more of Jobim 's - no reason not to start with this one : - -RRB-
 Love the soft South American sounds.Some songs are familiar , some new to me , but all enjoyable .
 This CD begins with the Kakadu-Quadrille . This work shows us why most people consider Josef -LRB- Pepi -RRB- as the most gifted of the Strauss brothers . The waltzes Marien-kl &auml;nge , Fantasiebilder and Wiegenlieder are as delightful as some Johann 's famous works , like Artist 's Life Waltz , Kiss-Waltz . The polkas -LRB- Thalia , Bauern-Polka -RRB- , avialable on this CD , are good examples of the creativity of Josef 's composition . Angelika -LRB- french-polka -RRB- and Etiquette -LRB- french-polka -RRB- are piquant masterpieces . The most delightful work is the quicky-polka Einslauf , which provides a beautfull portrait of the Skatting .
 Jerry Goldsmith created soundscapes that sometimes surpassed the films they were written for in evoking emotions and revealing character . For Logan 's Run , Goldsmith came up with one of his most brilliant creations . It opens with stark , electronic sounds , effectively mirroring the cold future society depicted in the film . Only when Logan breaks out of the domed city and into the natural world does Goldsmith allow the full orchestra to come in , warming up the music just as Logan 's worldview expands . This release finally captures the full range and power of the score in pristine sound . And , heck , I even like the Love Theme tacked on at the end ...
 LOGAN 'S RUN is a significant score , in my opinion one of Goldsmith 's very best , and certainly among the most memorable sci-fi scores ever - a unique listening experience with lots of `` futuristic '' electronic sound , all of it beautifully constructed . Most of the music derives from or interpolates a simple thematic conjunction of two 3-note motives which form a very non-tonal `` melody '' . For example
 Many thanks to Screen Archives/Film Score Monthly for this superbly remastered CD reissue -LRB- with every last cue from the film in story sequence , no less -RRB- of my favorite flm score of all time . I have zealously protected my vinyl copy of this score since I purchased it in July 1976 in my hometown , Memphis , Tennessee . I am a profesional timpanist and percussionist in the greater Central New York area and I have been following film music since 1970 . The first 75 or so seconds of the cue entitled `` The Sun '' literally comprises my favorite piece of film scoring to this day . `` The Monument '' and `` End of the City '' are also world-class Goldsmithian writing . I should also comment that the liner notes are uniformly superb and insightful . The section entitled `` A Score Renewed '' is particularly meaningful . I intend to order a second copy in the near future as a backup for my personal collection . I can not recommend this product too highly to afficiandos of film music in general and Jerry Goldsmith followers in particular . Enjoy !
 I 've always been a fan of film scores , and I 've wanted this one on CD for a long time . I got the LP version when the film was first released & still have it . What makes this CD special is the fact that there are alternate selections included that were not part of the original CD release , and that this release was limited to 3,000 copies . I 've been enjoying it very much !
 This soundtrack is amazing . Nice music from Jerry Goldsmith . Very hard to find CD . One of his best soundtracks ever made . When you find it buy it .
 The late Jerry Goldsmith was one of the most talented and most diverse film composers of his generation . I 'd take Goldsmith 's unusual , creative scores any day of the week over more conventional film scores . Even if the film was n't great , Goldsmith could always be counted on to give his best in the music arena . `` Logan 's Run '' deserved the Oscar for Best Score in 1977 . Thoughtful , creative with an unusual use of both sythesizers and conventional instruments it 's a brilliant score that measures up to Goldsmith 's scores for `` Planet of the Apes '' , `` Alien '' -LRB- interesting bit of trivia -- the film score for `` Alien '' uses some of the music cues from `` Freud '' not because Goldsmith wanted to but because editor Terry Rawlings used them as temp tracks and director Ridley Scott fell in love with them over Goldsmith 's objections -RRB- , `` Patton '' , `` The Boys from Brazil '' , `` The Omen '' and `` Freud '' . This top notch release includes ALL the music cues for the film -LRB- at least all the ones that matter -- any recycled music cues that appeared again are excluded -RRB- . Hollywood is in the process of remaking `` Logan 's Run '' and this would be a rare example where I am in favor of recycling the music here the remake just rescored and edited for that film as I ca n't imagine anyone beating the score that Goldsmith recorded here.The sound is great throughout and I 'm glad this has finally received the deluxe release on CD it has always deserved.Highly recommended .
 I 've not had the chance yet to hear the revised CD version of Logan 's Run.Years ago when this movie first came out , everywhere you went this music was played.My favorite is the main them . . its very futuristic yet a chilling song at the same time .
 This CD is wonderful . It is the combination of Jimmy Smith on Hammond B3 and Kenny Burrell on guitar . There are no suffocating string arrangements , no big band drama drowning out the talent , no lead sax in the spotlight , no LSD -LRB- lead singer disease -RRB- hamming up the vocal . There are just the blessed sounds of two of the true masters of jazz . I completely recommend this CD for its listening pleasure.If you like this one then try Organ Grinder Swing as well . It has the same line-up and this CD and if anything Jimmy Smith plays with more fire . If you really like Kenny Burrell I also suggest you try to find a copy of Soulero .
 Burrell -LRB- g -RRB- Jimmy Smith -LRB- org -RRB- George Duvivier , Milt Hinton -LRB- b -RRB- Bill English , Mel Lewis -LRB- d -RRB- 7/63 . When two blues masters like Burrell and Smith team up -LRB- something they 'd been doing since 1957 -RRB- , you know you 're in for a treat . I 'm glad this finally made it on to CD because my LP copy was just about worn out , especially BLUES FOR DEL , a terrific downhome blues track . It was written for dj Del Shields , one of the better jazz djs working out of NYC in the mid-60 's , and he used this recording as background music . The title track and FEVER are also excellent . It 's also one of James Oscar Smith 's last complete jazz albums before falling completely down the commercial rathole . Recommended .
 I got the cassette version when this album was first released . I am glad that they rereleased it in CD with alternate takes.Burrell & Smith were very relax in this session . As such , their playing have a free jam session quality , as opposed to a regular studio session . This quality results in a really good interaction and good music . I really enjoy this album , and one of my desert island disc .
 Jimmy Smith and Kenny Burrell ... sound familiar?Most of my favourite Jimmy Smith albums have Kenny Burrell on guitar , like ` Back at the Chicken Shack ' ... they seem to work so beautifully in this small band set up , its down home blue and soul jazz at its best . Recommended for anyone who is thinking about getting into jazz/blues , anyone who is interested in jimmy smith or kenny burrell and a definite must for hardcore fans . detailed album artwork / sleeve too .
 I love this cd the sound quality is awsome the talent is awsome the whole thing is awsome!If you want to know what the jazz dives in new york city in the mid late 60 's sounded likeget this cd ! I miss the little black dress black gloves martini smoking night life of 60 ` snew york . JAZZ IS A SHADOW OF WHAT IT USE TO BE .
 She was the voice of Hacker and Felix , but i prefer she like the voice of Miss Kittin!A real good CD with only nice tracks.At the beginnig the sound is too similar to the new one of Felix -LRB- Davin Dazzle e the Neon Fever , another nice album in anycase ! -RRB- but one you arrive into the Allergic , Soundtrack of Now , Dubt about me and Clone me -LRB- Techno ghotic dark -RRB- the sounds become more electronic -LRB- sounds likes more Herbert or Dani Siciliano -RRB- . My personal favorite songs is Happy Violentine.Very particular I come.com -LRB- psychedelic technology lonely song -RRB- A tribute to the French language in 3eme secle -LRB- another similar with the CD of Felix where the French tribute is with Romantique ... -RRB- . But even with all this `` her music history '' the final resoult of the CD it 's great
 On her first solo album , I COM , Miss Kittin crushes the `` electroclash '' pigeonhole that 's followed many of her collaborations . Instead , on `` Professional Distortion , '' she gets rock-hard on your ass , all brutal and rough , and `` Meet Sue Be She '' happily continues that vein . Even `` Requiem for a Hit '' starts off with some aggressive , if funky , misogyny , but Miss Kittin quickly reclaims feminine power as her own . She also shows surprising range , from the click-house leanings of `` Allergic '' to the tender ballad to hermaphroditism , `` 3eme Sexe . '' There are moments where Miss Kittin seems to have bitten off more than she could comfortably chew , but this album certainly goes down smooth .
 I LOVE Miss Kittin . That 's why I 've given her 4 instead of 3 . She is completely awesome , and her music rocks . Though in this album . I 've listened to it again and again , but I have n't found anything really thrilling on the CD.I mean , I REALLY LOVE MISS KITTIN . My favorite song is `` 1982 '' which was done with the Hacker on a different CD.The only thing I really have to say about this CD , is that `` Requiem for a Hit '' is one of the better songs on the CD . I do n't know , maybe I 'm just have n't been in the mood for this type of music as of late , and that 's why I ca n't get into the CD at all . So perhaps , later , I will come back , and edit this review to show that is the most totally awesome thing ever conceived !
 I do n't know why people are saying her lyrics do n't make sense . A lot of them seem to be about her life on the road and getting drained by all these strangers and there expectations of who and what she is supposed to be as both a musician and a person . Sure `` requiem '' is nonsensical but sometimes dance music has to be vacuous to be enjoyable . Take a break from yourself and listen to an artist evolving .
 With twinges of Warp Records , Punk , and Depeche Mode , this electro album is worthy of any fan of Miss Kittin .
 I first heard Miss Kittin -LRB- or Caroline Herve -RRB- on Felix Da Housecat 's album ` Kittenz and Thee Glitz ' where her deadpan vocals dominated ` Silver Screen Shower Scene ' , the best song on that album . She is also from that same electroclash scene as Chicks on Speed and Tiga . ` I Com ' is her second album and is more club-friendly then her previous outing . The beats are more in your face and her sense of irony is stronger , with track 2 ` Requiem for a Hit ' in particular standing out . First half of the album is excellent , it does takes some more listens to get into the second half . Another good reason for owning this album is the inclusion of the video for ` Professional Distortion ' . An album for the suicidegirls.com generation .
 I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR HER SOLO ALBUM TO COME OUT FOR MONTHS AND ALL I CAN IS THAT SHE RULES , SHE HAS PICKED UP JUST WERE BJORK LEFT OFF BEFORE SHE BECAME SUCH A STRANGE ARTIST AND MADONNA ... EAT YOUR HEART OUT!IF YOU ARE HOPING FOR A TYPICAL ` ELECTROCLASH ' YOU MIGHT BE IN FOR A SURPRISE , BUT SHE HAS DROPEDD THE SOUND AND INSTEAD SHE HAS INCORPORATED SOME DETROIT TECH ALONG WITH SOME ROCKING GUITAR SAMPLES.I WAS SUPRISINGLY AMAZED TO HEAR SOME DECENT VOCAL QUALITIES AND THE SPOKEN TRACKS ARE A FEW LESS HERE BUT STILL HOLDS THAT IRONIC AND FUN WAY OF TELLING THINGS IN HER ON STYLE AND WAY , YOU CAN CLEARY FEEL THAT TAKING BERLIN AS HER HOME HAS AFFECTED HER IN MUSIC STYLE AND EVEN LANGUAGE . HEARING HER SING IN GERMAN WAS A SEXY RE-FRESHMENT TO MY EARS.SHE IS FOR SURE A PIONEER OF A NEW SOUND THAT SHOULD BE CALLED ` ELECTROKITTIN ' .
 Miss Kitten is a busybody from France . She is a DJ and singer . She did a record with The Hacker , which was one of the first Electroclash records . Everyone knows that song `` Frank Sinatra . '' This her first solo record that also has a lot of people showing up here . Miss Kitten does a lot of talking over these songs in her deadpan style . She is not repeating the now clich&eacute;s of Electroclash . `` Requiem For A Hit '' goes from fast rock to R&B . The changes in speed are very unique . She covers a lot of styles , like punk rock in `` Meet Sue Be She , '' minimal techno in `` Soundtrack Of Now , '' and more ambient sounds . This is a must have for electronic music in 2004 . Miss Kitten is a cool French chick that wishes she was from Berlin .
 Although I love the album that Miss Kittin did with the Hacker -LRB- First Album -RRB- and would have loved more of the same , I must say that this album truly impressed me . It covers many different styles and is artistic , sophisticated , and smart . Ever since she did `` Rippin ' Kittin '' with Golden Boy , I have been a fan of Miss Kittin as a singer and this album has quite a bit of her in this mode . The songs range from beautiful , calm numbers to rocking numbers to a taste of The Hacker 's great Europop -LRB- I think it sounds very Kraftwerk-ish -RRB- to Trip Hop . Overall . I 'd say this album holds your interest and is a lot of fun . If you are a Miss Kittin fan for her personality and not just her Electroclash style you will not be disappointed by this album . Awesome !!!
 exception . I have also been waiting for a long time for this CD to hit stores . What a testament to good things coming to those who wait . This CD is fantastic on so many levels.The most important contribution this CD offers is that it does not get stuck in a genre slump . For so many years artists have worried too much about keeping true to their sound -LRB- dnb and new skool are a good example -RRB- and forgot to produce quality music.This CD is the antithisis of that postion . It is quality music and a new bar for an artist CD . Everyone else is a far distant second.Listen to # 2 , requiem for a hit . This track is awesome and for once someone uses the old stop the song in the middle and change it up perfectly . A resounding 5 out of 5
 I thought twice about buying this because of that horrible review ... SOOOO GLAD i got this cd now ! Way better music and more singing less `` talking '' -LRB- talk/singing-samples -RRB- . Miss kitten shows us that she can make more than electroclash and techno beats . Other than # 2 -LRB- dance -RRB- and # 4 -LRB- rock -RRB- this cd is more TRIP HOP than anything . While i would never compare it to baxter or dot allison I WOULD say many of those fans might like this . Much more intelligent and sad feeling than album 1 , not as dancy .
 I have been waiting a long time for this record and although I love Miss Kittin , I must admit I did not enjoy it as much as I enjoyed Radio Caroline 1 . Although the beats and transitions are not as smooth -LRB- as in the former -RRB- , the cd is good , and its apparent that Miss kittin is exploring her german side.This album 's nature as cutting edge electronic music emerges after a couple of listens .
 It 's about time that stoner rock acknowledged it 's british blues/blues-rock/psychedelic / acid rock/hard rock roots . Good riffs , nice bluesey vocals , that 's all I got ta say .
 Big Brother & The Holding Company , Blue Cheer , Humble Pie , Faces , Mountain , Hot Tuna ... they 're all here in this amalgamation of classic late 60 's , early 70 's hard rock . There 's a slight `` stoner '' feel , but the overall sound is more killer retro-rock . The rhythm section sounds like a laid back verison of Felix Pappalardi & Corky Laing from Mountain , the guitar owes big time to Ronnie Wood 's Faces work -LRB- I hear `` Miss Judy 's Farm '' in a few of the songs -RRB- and the vocals sound like a slightly out of tune , male version of Janis Joplin . Parchman Farm takes all their influences , melts them down , and updates them into their own sound
 love this band . heard them on the invaders compilation , which i got because i love the band dungen . if you are into dungen also , facemelting guitars , nice heavy rock that is a little on the swampy side , but somehow also a little on the pop side , check out parchman farm . they have another album that is not currently available on amazon , but is also totally rocking , just get it from the record labels website .
 When is an LP coming out ?? Although everyone is coparing them to the late 60s/early 70s scene , there is a fresh quality about the music . This was my soundtrack of a recent roadtrip down in Mexico ... . went perfect with the scenary.buy this EP off of iTunes ... only $ 4.99 .
 this rocks they are right now one of the best bands out . Mirror Spirit is one of the best songs to come out in a long time . The only band out that is better then these guys right now is silvertide , and possibly Rose Hill Drive . Sounds like classic 70 's 60 's rock and roll . The singer has a great voice , I believe his name is Eric Shea and there lead guitarist is a girl but she can really play . Expect to see these guys again because this completly rocks out . Rock and Roll is here to Stay.down below is a list of all the bands true rock fans should check out . New bands here to save the scene.The DarknessJetHurricane PartyParchman Farm -LRB- Only have an ep out but it rocks and you can find it here on amazon . -RRB- Rose Hill Drive -LRB- have an ep out but not on amazon . They toured with Van Halen and completly rock and the guitarist is incredible . -RRB- SupagroupTokyo DragonsYoung Heart AttackBlack Keysand the best new band Silvertide
 Parchman Farm are a new band from San Francisco . They are named after a Paul Butterfield Blues Band song . They remind me of a lot of bands who were in father 's record collection like Blue Cheer and Steppenwolf . Many of the Parchman Farm songs seem like they could co-exist somewhere on the Easy Rider soundtrack . The song `` Mirror Spirit '' alternates between soft nice sounds and heavy rock . `` Too Many People '' sounds like Deep Purple at their best , not that there are keyboards on this record . Songs like `` Say Yeah '' are appealing because of the heavy riffs and the cool vocals . This is a pretty interesting record . I could believe that it was recorded in 1968 , and not last year . This is a recording that makes you think you can time trip back in time .
 The album Trouble , by Akon , is a very good album , if your in the right mood , like songs like Locked Up An Lonly are sad and depressing where as Belly Dancer and Show Out and Trouble Nobody are more up beat . Whatever mood your in , Akon 's Trouble matches it !
 This is a wicked CD . His first single is a winner , but unlike most new artists , the rest of the CD comes through . Congrats !
 This album is so good . It features songs with many topics . `` Ghetto '' is about Akon growing up in a poor neighborhood . `` Banaza : Belly Dancer '' is about women . Bananza : `` Girl
 I truly enjoyed this album to it 's very end . Akon brought you originality with his distinct voice , soul and passion as a new artist while incorporating a variety of genres -LRB- hip hop ; r & b ; reggae , etc -RRB- rolled into one . I 'm not a fan of his current work ; I feel he 's lost that `` it '' factor that brought him here in the first place . Akon has changed lanes while experimenting in the world of pop , `` Akon , please return to your original formula , I need to feel your music again .
 JCA is such a great artist and he is so under represented here in the USA . It 's a terrible thing when you have to search far and wide in other contries just to find great DJ 's , Mixes , or Music in general . I first heard of JCA through an online friend in Austria , and he sent me the ' I Begin To Wonder -LRB- Radio Edit -RRB- . ' Amazing ! And it 's not that Dannii Minogues Version is terrible -LRB- as some have said it to be on these reviews -RRB- it 's just a little different , afterall , Dannii and JCA worked together on it . But in the end , I return to the original and JCA !
 Like a previous reviewer , I also heard this flight on an SAS flight -LRB- to Copenhagen in October -RRB- , and I found myself waiting for the tape loop to play the song again.A very catchy dance song , with a beat reminiscent of songs from Dead or Alive 's `` Youthquake '' album.Perhaps with the March 2003 release of Dannii Minogue 's cover -LRB- yes , Kylie 's sister -RRB- , the song will gain wider airplay . However , this is the version you want .
 I heard this on an SAS flight to Oslo , Norway , and the song just stayed in my head for the whole trip . This track is really good , I am shocked it has n't been played on the radio here in the U.S. . The remixes are not bad , they are very good , but the radio edit is best .
 This CD single is smokin ' !! The mixes are not offensive , but they are not as good as the widely listened to Radio Edit . They have a great record here ... hands down !!
 I 've listened to the `` I begin to wonder '' track from JCA on my local radio station for the past year and then heard Dannii Minogues version on Howard Stern which sucked . JCA 's is much better .
 -LRB- Title of this review comes from a line by Randy on this album . -RRB- It 's a Randy California produced live album and one of the last discs I needed to have a complete collection . I 've been spoiled by all the posthumous live Spirit releases that ebb and flow . This was one of the last Randy releases and as long as you skim the top off , you get really good performance -LRB- s -RRB- . First off , I 'll agree with Mick Skidmore -LRB- keeper of the Spirit flame and producer of lots of posthumous live Spirit recordings -RRB- in my dislike for the crowd noise . It 's fake , fake , fake . Fading in and out between songs or brought up at critical moments , I 'd rather hear the music and not the same whistles at the beginning and end of each track . Plus , it all has the same overpowering echo , even the songs not recorded at La Paloma , to make it all sound the same . Then there 's overdubs . Lots of overdubs . This is n't so bad , Frank Zappa did it all the time in the 70 's . Plus , considering the bass parts are played with keyboards , the fattening of sound is welcome . The important thing is , it 's overdubs done by Randy himself , so that 's a plus.The songs on this disc are quite a mix . There is some good `` first four '' Spirit tunes but the acoustic `` Give A Life Take A Life '' is very good . I 'd never heard `` Sadana '' before , a plus . A few solo things and later creations make a decent showing . The `` La Paloma Jam-Electro Jam '' is always a personal favorite . Maybe `` Like A Rolling Stone '' is my least favorite on here , but I 'm spoiled by `` Spirit Of ' 76 '' and other live versions of that song that Randy did.All in all , if you 're deep into Spirit , this is a good addition . Casual fans may want to get `` Live From The Timecoast '' or even `` The Last Euro Tour '' if starting out . -LRB- Rockpalast is also great if flawed by the mixing issues . -RRB- Because it was Randy 's WERC CREW label , he released what he felt was great performances and I 'll have to agree .
 It is hard nowadays to find recordings of Ronald Stevenson 's music , but fortunately this cd gives us his most important work . John Ogdon recorded this work -LRB- I bet it never made it to the states ! -RRB- which should also be restored to the catalog as well as Stevenson 's other recording of this plus other pieces which he and other artist has recorded . This is Marc-Andre Hamelin type stuff , a 80 minute single movement piece -LRB- not as long as Maw 's Odyssey for orchestra , but close -RRB- . However , Raymond Clarke proves to be a formidable talent . I hope that there will be more recordings to come of his playing , but this disc is now 5 years old -LRB- I really am sorry I missed it back then -RRB- and as far as I know , he has not issued any other recordings . If you are a Shostakovich fan , you probably would think that the composer himself used the theme in all its permutations . However , Stevenson goes farther in assuming the themes many moods by many transformations . Much virtuosity is needed as well as extreme sensitivity and Clarke succeeds with aplomb . The only reservation is the clausterphobic sound quality . I got used to it and what is more important , the music carried me away which is really what a recording is about .
 This is a fascinating work monumental in design and content , within the Mahlerian universe of storming the heavens , where music should represent the complexity of the world , and one way of proceeding is a work exclaiming itself in sheer durational length.Mahler of course was speaking of the Symphonie , and duration was a problematic for the late Romantic aesthetic , but here Stevenson makes the creative situation forever more complex by summoning the services of the piano . The piano by comparison has not the timbral dimension nor colour of the orchestra . Ronald Stevenson was born in Blackburn , Lancanshire in 1928 , England of Scottish and Welsh descent . And his music reflects a lifelong affinity for the tradition of folk or a melos that remains close to the voice , close to the basic elements of culture.He was somewhat Left leaning with a streak of Scottish nationalism in his blood . However in no way is that a facile perspective , in fact it is a creative situation frought with a new set of problematics . England recall was somewhat insolated from the twin revolutionary musics on the continent , the glorious ballet scores of Stravinsky and the dodecaphonic innovations of Schoenberg . Stevenson music 's never involved itself with this language , however he was involved with the set of problematics of composition , was the first to instigate for instance , interest in the music of Ferruccio Busoni , an innovator in his own right . Stevenson was himself , as Busoni , a marvelous pianist . He had always complained of the `` product-line '' pianism that was an integral part of the concert world , the builiding of repertoire for the moment , rather than a life 's devotion toward a particular creative agenda . The Passacaglia is a time attenuated and honed genre , in which the creator either triumphs or are left in diminution of what was.There are precedents here , I recall Stephan Wolpe 's piano Passacaglia comes to mine as a profound work , but no where near as long as the Stevenson.By comparison Stevenson sets an oratorio-like gesture for the piano , whereas Wolpe was a mere intervallic display , as fascinating as that is . The DSCH motive is a dedication to Dmitri Shostakovich and the derivation of the tones comes from the German spelling S is E-flat , H is B-natural , B refers to B-flat , it is a motive that appears frequently in the music of Shostakovich , the Eighth String Quartet for instance . Stevenson at 32 years of age , began work in West Linton , the village south of Edinburgh in December ,1960 and was completed in May ,1962 . A bound copy was presented to Shostakovich during the Edinburgh Festival . The work progresses sometimes , mysteriously sometimes arduously , lumbered , brooding , you feel the rhythmic weight of this motive many times . But then there are variations which reach for the heavens , with mists of scales and arpeggios , ascending , or other comments as afterbeats , after the primary motive . The work is tonal based yet extended wherever possible it seems as means of contextual escape.Stevenson finds his voice within toanlity in this work as no other . The piece 's content is that it progresses over an agenda of continuous development , this long a structural concern of this century . Recall , that developmental variations was like the end point of structure , the late and post-romantics engaged in , in particular the music of Johannes Brahms proceeding up to Schoenberg reaching culmination with the diamond-cut private gestures of Anton Webern , his Variations for Piano , is seemingly the endpoint of this tradition . Stevenson brings an encyclopedic-like compendium of musical forms , an affinity for traditional form here dividing the work into Episodes , each episode progressing quite differently with its own array of these forms.The First functions much like a Sonata Allegro . We also have prelude , sarabande , polonaise , gavotte , and the strum of the inside piano strings is an arresting gesture here , given Stevenson 's relative conservative musical language . The Second Episode for instance engages in `` arabesque variations '' dispensing with the Baroque procedures , then a `` drumming '' section framed in an Etude-like form which identifies the center of the work.There is then a `` Dies irae and is marked `` in memoriam the six million '' Toward the final pages Stevenson reamrkable how he can restrain himself for the ending pages , where Variations on the Russian `` Peace , Bread and The Land `` occurs which is an ostinato rhythm implied by the Russian slogan of 1917 Mir Khleb i Zemlya . This implies a point of reconstruction and renewal.So points of lament and points of hope and triumph compliment each other profoundly . Stevenson -LRB- dissimilar to many Western scholars -RRB- , shares the view that Shostakovich believed in the socialist system . He may have not honored its opportunist leaders , yet he harbored this belief all his life , the belief in freedom from exploitation . There are other rich contextual associations here as well , the song `` To Emergent Africa '' included in the final pages here , this a controversial passage indeed when performed by Stevenson himself at the premiere in 1963 in Cape Town South Africa . Raymond Clarke the remarkable pianist here , Herculean actually in his efforts also provides his own comprehensive jacket notes.I found his playing reserved and less than impassioned at times , claiming the works control and clarity prior to passionate display . There is only one reference to Stevenson 's Scottish ancestry here it was actually written last in 1963 a seventeenth century lament `` Cumha na Cloinne -LRB- Lament of the Children -RRB- . This is the fifth of the 17 sections .
 Ronald Stevenson 's -LRB- b. 1928 -RRB- gargantuan Passacaglia on DSCH has obtained almost legendary status and , in fact , quite a few recordings -LRB- I have not heard any alternative ones and the reader should perhaps bear that in mind -RRB- , partly , of course , for its extraordinary time-span alone and technical demands . But as this recording amply shows , it deserves its status - it is a truly remarkable work which is not easily forgotten , possibly a masterpiece . It was written between 1960 and 1962 and based , as the title suggests , on the four-note motif associated with Dmitry Shostakovich -LRB- his monogram as a musical theme appearing in many of his most famous works -RRB- , although later in the work it is also contrasted with the B-A-C-H theme . I am not here going to analyze the complex structure of the work , but I should mention that it is not an easily digestible work , but one that is composed with a remarkable strong sense of direction and a welter of imaginative elements -LRB- ranging from Scottish folkmusic to plainchant -RRB- - enough so , in fact , to support the ambitious structure . The overall effect can perhaps be described as a transcendental journey -LRB- I do n't quite know what that means , but it sounds like a correct description -RRB- . This is heaven-storming music of gritty turbulence and kaleidoscopic atmospheres and touching , innocent-sounding movements developing into existential turmoil and staring into the abyss.The performance by Raymond Clarke is extremely satisfying ; he tackles the enormous technical demands with no problem or hesitation , although he does n't make them sound effortless -LRB- which , to emphasize , I think is the correct way of doing it here ; it is supposed to sound like a challenging journey -RRB- . The sound quality , on the other hand , is not quite what it should be , sounding boxy and slightly distorted . In any case , this is a remarkable work in really satisfying performances , and is as such firmly recommended - lovers of Busoni 's piano music or of Shostakovich should definitely hear it , but the music is rewarding enough to warrant a strong general recommendation .
 OBK is definitely the `` musica latina '' version of Depeche Mode -LRB- Speak & Spell time period -RRB- . With haunting-dark vocals , basic bouncy beats and synthpop noise ... you 'll be sure to like it . There are a lot of wonderful artists/groups in the Latin Pop genre , but not too many go for the full electronic/synth sound . I give these `` dos hombres de Espana '' a lot of credit . Check out the band Moenia as well , if you like the Latin Electric sound !!
 Definitivamente lo mejor en su musica creo que a este duo le doy un 10 por la calidad de musica cada manana que me levanto escucho su musica creo que tienen un parecido a depeche mode o a cause and effect la verdad esta sensasional la musica lastima que el grupo se desintegro ojala algun dia regresen
 I 've only recently become aware of Samuel Coleridge-Taylor and his beautiful , melodic compositions . Well , this CD has become a well played and recommended favorite of our family . The overall presentation of his music is smooth and comforting to any person interested in classical music in the Romantic tradition .
 The Hiawatha Overture is quite different to The Song of Hiawatha -LRB- which if you have n't heard , you definitely should -RRB- coming as it did a little later than the choral piece . The Othello Suite here is particularly engaging -LRB- written for a London Stage Production -RRB- and is reminiscent of a film score . Romantic and atmospheric . Charles Elford - author ofBlack Mahler The Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Storywww.blackmahler.com
 Contains 25 tracks recorded between 1929 and 1941 . Astonishingly great audio quality considering the age of the recordings.Track listing1 . The Girl I Love She Got Long Curly Hair2 . Broken Hearted Raggedy and Dirty Too3 . Divin ' Duck Blues4 . Black Mattie Blues5 . Milk Cow Blues6 . Expressman Blues7 . Whatcha Doin ' 8 . Poor John Blues9 . My Black Gal Blues10 . Sweet Mama11 . Down South Blues12 . Who 's Been Tellin You Buddy Brown Blues13 . Jack and Jill Blues14 . Poor Man 's Friend -LRB- T-Model -RRB- 15 . Hobo Jungle Blues16 . Everybody Oughta Make a Change17 . Liquor Store Blues18 . Easin ' Back to Tennessee19 . Fire Department Blues20 . New Someday Baby21 . Brownsville Blues22 . Mailman Blues23 . Lawyer Clark Blues24 . Little Laura Blues25 . Working Man Blues
 ... maybe not , but they sure came close ! What strange songwriting by this most bizarre of bands . Ranging from psychedelic to hard rocking to progressive to just bizarre -- I do n't know if listening to this is a guilty pleasure , or if it really is as good as I think it is.I wo n't bother with Beatles comparisons , others have written about that . I will say that the music contained here lies somewhere between post-Sgt . Pepper era Beatles , early Alan Parsons Project , Meddle to Animals era Pink Floyd , and -LRB- yes -RRB- Radiohead . Then again , other songs remind me of other bands
 This is all about the message . The madman , The lighthouse keeper . I know it all sounds strange and all that , but listen to the words . It may just give you hope !
 If you lived through the 70 's , it 's now almost impossible to fathom some of the commercial hype that surrounded this virtually unknown group of Canadian art rockers . But left in the wake of an age of megastudio wizardry , high gloss production values , conceptual profundity , and operatic instrumental flash -LRB- all hallmarks of 70 's prog rock -RRB- , Klaatu 's second album can now be heard for what it 's really worth
 My father gave me some tapes when I was a little boy . One was a mix of the Beatles , & the other was a copy of Hope -LRB- I listened to them over and over -RRB- ; and it was at the time when MTV started . Soon I was carried away by the flash of my fluttering TV . The Beatles came back into my life again as time passed , but I could n't remember the name of this album , I had been searching for . I remembered a story album & asked every musician I knew . I did hear the name a couple of times , but could n't spell it . Finally I found it on my computer . The first time I listened to it , it brought a tear to my eye , and now after all these years understanding it blew me away . The most beautiful story album ever made !
 What you get here is well written pop tunes sung by voices who could have stood in for the Beatles , with long interludes of orchestrated music . There is a theme running through the album holding it all together . This is a high point of Symphonic Rock that belongs with ` Days of Future Past ' or many of the Enids albums . Classic stuff , seldom equaled , they do n't make them like this anymore sadly .
 Okay , it 's not * actually * an opera , but this classic alternative rock album from the late '70s is a single story told through some exceptional orchestrated rock . I owned a vinyl LP copy back in the day , wore out a cassette copy , and recently rediscovered the CD.The story of `` Hope '' is an analogy to the human experience on earth told through a series of songs about those no-long-existing beings on the planet `` second from the sun . '' One can enjoy the music at several levels ; as stand-alone classic alternative rock , excellently produced -LRB- a la Alan Parsons Project before they were around -RRB- , or one can dig deeper and get into the message and clever writing within the thematic message of `` Hope . `` My favorites include the Politzanian national anthem embedded in `` Politzania , '' `` The Loneliest of Creatures , '' a wonderful space-choral piece , `` Around the Universe in 80 Days ... '' Pretty much the whole thing . I rarely listen to bits of this album and tend to prefer it on long drives when I can enjoy the whole thing .
 Klaatu 's 2nd album , 1977 's `` Hope '' , is simply a symphonic rock masterpiece . It is unlike anything else Klaatu recorded , and possibly unlike anything else you 've ever heard . If you like Queen 's `` A Night at the Opera '' , Renaissance 's `` Scheherazade & Other Stories '' , Supertramp 's `` Crime of the Century '' or The Alan Parson Project 's `` I Robot '' , you may also like Klaatu 's `` Hope '' , although it is not quite like any of these albums.Klaatu 's 1st album , 1976 's `` Klaatu '' -LRB- aka 3:47 EST -RRB- , was widely rumored to be the Beatles , who had supposedly started recording together again secretly . The heavy Beatles influence carried over to the Hope album on the first track , `` We 're Off You Know '' , which would have been at home on the Sgt. Peppers album , and the final track , `` Hope '' , which might have been at home on the Let It Be album.However , imagine if Sir George Martin had managed to gain complete artistic control over the Beatles , and pushed his symphonic vision to the extreme . Perhaps that is what the rest of the Hope album sounds like . Imagine electric bass , guitar and keyboards sharing the stage with a full symphony orchestra . Of course the `` orchestra '' on Hope was performed on synthesizers , but the fullness of the sound , combined with the brilliance of the compositions , produces some of the most exhilarating music I 've ever heard.If you enjoy classical compositions that rock , check this out . This is one album you might never grow tired of .
 I just bought the original LP -LRB- still sealed ! -RRB- from Canada -LRB- through ebay -RRB- , and I ca n't wait to get my Rega turntable to caress this one . Of course I have the Bullseye CD , but being a bit on the nostagic side these days ... you know . The music is very dramatic , powerful , beautiful and meaningful . A prog-rock-sympho-opera gem !
 this is a strange album i never liked it on vinyl and well the capitol cd and these new releases of this album dont do it any justice . the canadian bullseye releases of these albums are really fantastic.it makes this stange little rock opera almost magical.it no wonder people were led to believe -LRB- by capitol records -RRB- that these guys were the beatles because the music is very beatle like but only a bit more instrumental than the fab four were.any not the latter beatles but the pscyodelic mid sgt pepperbeatles.however i could not see the mystery reunited beatles doing this type of music in the late 70s early 80s when these albums came out .
 I prefer their other albums more , but still excellent music . More of a symphonic sound than the other music that they did .
 I remember when this came out ; I was in college at the time . I had no awareness of this group then -LRB- I was absorbed in acid rock and the Grateful Dead - hey , it was college ! -RRB- but an acquaintance turned me on to this and I have loved it since.This record -LRB- now CD -RRB- is an unsung prog-rock classic that 's long been overshadowed by its more popular musical brethren . I do hear influences from SuperTramp , Emerson Lake & Palmer , and Pink Floyd . However , this is also a coherent , musically multi-layered concept album that packs an emotional punch and transcends its influences.The general idea is that a space-traveling race journeys to a solar system , and encounters the wreckage of the planet Klaatu , a metaphorical stand-in for Earth . The only remnants are a laser-beam lighthouse adrift in the asteroid belt , manned by a single person . The disc is a musical account of the destructive fall of Klaatu 's once-great civilization Politzania , and the space travelers ' encounter with the dying lighthouse keeper.The message resonates if you give it a chance . It also has stunning relevance today . If you do n't see the similarities between Klaatu 's fictional Politzania and Bush 's America , then I have to assume you 're A -RRB- a Republican ; B -RRB- a musical snob . The tunes `` So Said the Lighthouse Keeper '' and `` Hope '' are probably among the most moving pieces of music ever to come out of the prog-rock milieu.This disc will always have a place in my CD collection . I am so glad it 's back in print . If you 're interested enough to have read this review , you owe it to yourself to get this .
 Most of David 's greatest hits are included here and it is great to hear them all together on a cd especially with the great variety from slow romantic songs to loud rock songs - all of which he does to perfectionj
 enjoyed this album , a real treat . full marks david , 25 years and still as good as ever , better in fact . favourite forever and a day . check it out .
 I run my partner 's construction company from home , and let me just say that this industry can be very stressful at times -LRB- not to mention my own brain activity -RRB- . So , I 've been looking for a way to calm myself -LRB- besides Bikram yoga -RRB- . I only just found this on Yahoo! Music today , and have literally been listening to it on repeat -LRB- all 6 tracks -RRB- for then entire day while I worked -LRB- typing , phone , contracts , etc -RRB- . It has not interferred at all , and I feel completely and utterly calm . I even forgot that I left it on , and dashed out the door to Bikram for 90 minutes , which is very challenging , only to walk through the door to my house , and into totally calm energy again . This cd is truly a gift . I recommend it for calm-inducing benefits during work , massage , meditation , and will be trying it while I sleep this evening as well . They also have a dvd of the same name , but I have n't seen it . I had great difficulty locating this cd on Amazon , and finally found it by typing in `` Nature 's Balance '' , which is the company itself . It would be helpful to be able to access it using the keyword `` waterfalls '' or `` waterfall sounds '' . I even put in the title of the cd , and it still would n't come up . Priceless must-have if being calm and content is important to you .
 This is a truly wonderful CD . Christian is not only a talented actor but also a gifted singer . You feel his passion with each song and you feel the range of his emotions with each note . This CD is by far a blessing to your ears . Add it to your collection today by requesting that Amazon.com stock it for your buying pleasure . If not go to CD Baby 's website and get it there . You wo n't be disappointed I guarantee .
 Thank heavens for all concerned who got this record made . Oscar Peterson is at his absolute , towering best on these tracks , playing with such energy and expression you sit back and open your eyes , your jaw drops , and then you smile . Then you start tapping your foot and rocking your head , or taking a slow breath on the softer songs . Music on this level is rare indeed . I have nearly all of OP 's records , and I 'll say that these cuts reside at the top of his works . Oh so wonderful to hear , especially the first twelve tracks.Unfortunately , those first twelve tracks are quite noisy . The original tapes were lost , and these cuts were transcribed from vinyl . As they are , there 's nothing wrong with listening to some scratchy records . I 've done it a thousand times over the years , and the music is still there . But since this is the digital era , there are options . I record all my music on my hard disk , and if you do too it means you can edit the tracks.Don ' t be afraid ; it 's easy . All you need is a sound editing program . I use Adobe Audition , which is expensive , but you can use Audacity , which a terrific program for the right price
 This is a killer album . Peterson 's trio is always unbelievably tight and polished , and playing the music of Duke Ellington ... fugettaboutit!However , Amazon 's tracklisting does not include tracks 13-24 . A different trio , it features Ray Brown on Bass -LRB- same as on tracks 1-12 -RRB- , but instead of the great Barney Kessel on Guitar , it has Ed `` Pigpen '' Thigpen on drums -LRB- Actually , that 's not his nickname , I just like to call him that ! -RRB- Although some of the tracks have a bit of high-end hiss , this is overall an amazing group . Highly recommended !
 The first twelve numbers recorded in 1952 will offend those anti-mono listeners who can not support the noise very audible.But do n't forget that the liner notes have told you so.The second set recorded in 1959 , is worth the price alone of this cd.What i mean is that when you have OSCAR PETERSON at his peak playing the music of DUKE ELLINGTON , it 's simply for any jazz fans , the quickest way to get to heaven.OSCAR knows his craft ; he can get around those tunes anytime and always find new settings for you to rediscover them.In fact he did , because he recorded ELLINGTON tunes again after that.On these recordings , he has mostly stayed with the tunes and did not go for the adventurous ways.Let 's not forget that NORMAN GRANZ , the original producer of this series of songbooks devoted to the composers wanted these to appeal to the mainstream crowd.Mission accomplie .
 It is certainly not the best Oscar CD around but definitely a must have for the OP specialists . The casual listener may want to buy the Gershwin Songbook first .
 As a beginning student of jazz piano , I bought Oscar Peterson 's book of Duke Ellington jazz transcripts . Many of the pieces were from this particular album , which was extremely difficult to locate until I discovered Amazon.com . I think the pieces are brilliantly rendered by Peterson . They are not overstated with endless riffs and pyrotechnics . The improvisations fit the tunes without straying . The pieces are n't lenthy , but they are real jazz to me .
 Another great album by the piano master . Also a great selection of tunes as usual with Barney Kessel added to the mix .
 When his 1980s attempt at studio running -LRB- Empire Pictures -RRB- crashed and burned , Charles Band dusted himself off and moved to the area that was in large part responsible for its demise - home video . Signing a seemingly lucrative distribution deal with Paramount Home Video , Band again began to pump out a string of low budget b-movies of varying quality . Puppet Master was the studio 's premiere effort and a popular rental , thus leading to a long running series that has continued to this day . Well , that is all well and fine , but what does it have to do with the score for the movie ? Not much , but trivia about the subject can be as interesting as subject itself , sometimes it is even more interesting . This release contains the music composed and performed by Richard Band -LRB- Charles ' brother and a frequently used composer ever since 1977s Laserblast -RRB- for Puppet Master 1 and 2 and it is easily one of his most -LRB- if not THE most -RRB- memorable and popular work for Full Moon 's output . Fans of the series and/or studio need no real convincing to put this soundtrack in their collections . A five star essential on the Full Moon Fanatic scale , a four star collectable for genre film music buffs . Highly recommended .
 This volume is a compilation of ballads taken from albums Joe Henderson recorded in the period 1992 to 1997 . The music is supurb - Henderson almost whispers through his saxophone - and provides the perfect setting for a pleasant evening . Those who seek a late night CD look no further ! Those who wish to explore Henderson 's work of the nineties in more detail should consider buying -LRB- one of -RRB- the albums used for this compilation
 Along with Erkel and Abranyi , Mihaly Mosonyi -LRB- 1815-1870 -RRB- is one of the elite Hungarian composers of the nineteenth century , although better known in his country than in other European regions . His music might not have reached international fame , but Liszt 's approbation for his compositions is well-worth considering . Liszt borrowed many ideas from Mosonyi 's music and three such works inspired by Mosonyi are featured here . It should be immediately noted that Istvan Kassai gives one of the best interpretations of these Liszt pieces than anyone else I 've heard , including Leslie Howard.Writing to his friend Kornel von Abranyi , Liszt says , `` Many of the published compositions of Mosonyi deserve to be more and better known ... '' It was n't uncommon for Liszt to generously praise lesser-known composers , but his compliment rings true for me , especially after examining the music on this recording . The Three Piano Pieces are admittedly delicate salon miniatures , the `` Prayer after endured Danger '' being the most outstanding by its melancholic nature . The `` Two Pearls '' are based on a real-life incident with Clara Schumann and are indeed `` pearls '' of Mosonyi 's piano oeuvre . `` Eyes bedewed with Tears , '' is a gorgeous and sweetly sorrowful work , `` a reflection of the love-story of the Schumanns , confession of love and tragic parting ... '' While Mosonyi 's three longer Hungarian-flavored pieces say nothing new , they are pleasing and delivered with both passion and poise by Kassai . Mosonyi 's triumph , however , is the `` Funeral Music for the Death of Istvan Szechenyi , '' a work broiling with `` bitter cries '' and `` poignant chords . '' As an expressive and solemn Funeral March , this is one the finest in the repertoire , with a beautiful central section framed by dark threnodies.The three remaining works are by Liszt and it is with these in mind that I give this recording five stars . Liszt 's `` Funeral Prelude and Funeral March '' is a stunning traversal of an angst-ridden and bleak world . As much as the piece is supposed to be a dirge , I find myself imagining a program similar to Totentanz
 I purchased `` Required Etiquette '' for one reason , which I 'll get to in a minute , but as it turns out , it is an excellent sampler of garage rock bands recorded by the Etiquette label . I really enjoyed the stuff by the Wailers , Galaxies , and Paul Bearer and the Hearsemen . But of course the Sonics are really heads and shoulders above all of these garage outfits , and I really bought this CD for one song
 This disc focuses on the mid-1960s output of Seattle/Tacoma WA 's Etiquette Records , which was managed and run by the first great rock band out of that region , The Wailers.Like the group , the label produced a number of lean , mean 45s , influenced equally by the British Invasion -LRB- read Animals , early Rolling Stones , Pretty Things -RRB- and the classic American R&B ; of the period . The label was the initial home of the legendary Sonics , and the disc showcases alternate versions of some of their most well-known songs -LRB- check out the slide guitar on `` The Witch '' -RRB- ; however , there were other great groups in the area at the time , and this disc gives you a good sample of what the scene was like -LRB- ex . Paul Bearer and the Hearsemen `` I 've Been Thinking '' . -RRB- For those familar with the Sub Pop label that documented Seattle 's scene in the late '80s and early '90s , this disc shows that scene 's roots admirably . Definitely worth picking up if you are into 1964-66 garage music .
 I bought this album because I am a NW music history kind of guy . I would like to know though ... why is The Galaxies `` I WHO HAVE NOTHING '' not on this album or any other I can find ? Anyone out there know where I can find this preferably on CD ? I did locate a downloaded version of it on YouTube . Please let me know..mjkody@aol.com Thanks , Mike
 This album was announced as `` new Bossa Nova '' - which turns out to be something like `` Bossa Nova Nova '' , hm , well ... in Germany , there used to be a jazz festival called `` Post This , Neo That '' . So much for this.Tucuma is another example for the strong capability of some contemporary Brazilian musicians to link their tradition directly with oversears and directly with the future -LRB- Like Lenine , Caetano , Daude -RRB- . It 's amazing
 Get this ! Very little chance of anyone who 's not tone-deaf being disappointed by this disc ! I found the CD of `` Tucuma ' Used and bought it immediately after I downloaded `` Agua Rasa , '' -LRB- from Cantauria 's most recent album -RRB- , which is the single most poetic and beautiful song they have for free-download at Amazon.The first tune on `` Tucuma ''
 As a long time fan of Jobim 's music and Joao Gilberto 's muted guitar chords/off-beat vocals , I am delighted to see that their ground-breaking idiom , after almost 40 years , still lends itself to fresher sounds . Cantuaria has a rounded , earthly voice in contrast to fragile tone of Gilberto . But the comparison must end there
 Vinicius Cantuaria is an artist with a stunning resume . Born in Manaus , the style of his music tends to connect different states of Brazil with a sound that will paint a picture of nature in your mind . He 's worked with talented musicians from all over ; Ryiuchi Sakamoto , David Byrne , Arto Lindsay , Bill Frissell , Jaques Morelenbaum and many many others . From this list you can imagine that Vinicius is of a more classical and musically rich sound and `` Tucuma '' to me is a good example of this.The feel of the cd is very acoustic with a few sound effects at different times and slight electronic dashes in select tracks . But to stress it , this is a very acoustic album wit ha traditional feel . It starts out with Amor Brasileiro , a track with no real bass at all . Just his haunting yet easy voice over the guitars . Maravilhar is a track that has a nice samba beat in the background - very very romantic . Sanfona kicks it up a little bit , but then it 's sraight into acoustic bliss with Aracaju . `` Pra Gil '' - the music is like the moment just before the sun melts into the landscape . But the lyrics ... tell a different tale . This is a cd that reminds me of the fall , the leaves changing and countryside roads along the coast.This is NOT an album that will inspire you to jump out of bed and run a few sprints . But I do like this album - maybe not as much as `` Vinicius '' which came afterwards , but maybe as much as `` Sol Na Cara '' . The music is great and the songs are very rich and I 'd recommend it to anyone that 's already a fan of his work , or looking for something more relaxed . And if you dig this , you 'd probably like music by Celso Fonseca . Vinicius Cantuaria has a few more releases out too - one new one titled `` Horse & Fish '' and a live performance . Only a few days ago he performed live in NYC and before that Washington DC but I think he 's now in Europe .
 Cecil Armstrong Gibbs is scarcely well known , even by the standards of English composers of the early Twentieth century . However , this recording of his two orchestral symphonies -LRB- the second symphony appears to be choral -RRB- is very worth investigation.These symphonies by Gibbs are perhaps closest to the very fine Symphony by Dyson -LRB- recorded on both Naxos and Chandos -RRB- . Like that they must have sounded a touch old fashioned when first performed . There is more than a touch of Tchaikovsky 's harp writing in the second movement of Gibb 's Third for example . However , does this matter now ? Personally I think it does not , for the music has worn very well and if anything gained in stature.The masterpiece is undoubtedly the Third . This was written in the Lake District in 1944 . The War and indeed the death of a son are probably in the background , but this is impassioned Nature music and linked to specific Westmoreland locations . Nor is the Symphony entirely tragic , for the Scherzo is positively lively , with the funeral drum beats of the first movement transformed completely . The second movement though , is thoroughly sad in a way that reminds me of the dark Constable painting of a castle , which he did after his wife 's death.The First Symphony is laid back in an almost Haydnesque way . The second movement indeed would make a very good piece of light music by itself . However , there is an odd touch of unease all the way through , not least in the way the marching finale constantly gets diverted in the wrong direction . There is much more to this fine piece than meets the ear at first hearing.The performances are excellent.My one reservation is that the recording is only just adequate.It would be good to hear this music again on Chandos or Hyperion with better orchestral sound.However , this music and performance are very well worth seeking out .
 I bought this CD just to get a copy of Spoken Nerd 's Hundreds . The whole CD is great . Highly recommended .
 The international chanteuse brings her sound up to date for this stunning release . Samples boleros and latin sound bytes are all utilised in an effort to keep with the times and it all makes for a moody , sultry latin sound that compliments Nana 's vocals perfectly . `` Piel Canela '' and `` Me Voy Pa ' l Pueblo '' are flawless . `` Despierta Agapi Mou '' is a perfect mesh of Greek and Latin Sound and `` Espinita '' and `` No Me Quiras Tantos '' display Nana 's perfect vocal abilities , more than any fan of Nana 's would have imagined possible ! The finest moment come on the very intimate `` Besame Mucho '' ! This album is a smashing success !
 68-year-old Nana Mouskouri again gives prove of her unique talent . This program of Latin songs is her best in this field so far . She is accompanied by a handful of musicians , and it sounds like they all had great fun doing this recording . Her voice is still one of the most beautiful in the world , and her singing very relaxed . Two outstanding songs are `` Besame mucho '' sung in a very intimate way , and `` Despierta agapi mou '' which is the Spanish version of one of her earliest Greek successes `` Xypna agapi mou '' . All in all , this collection has style and is a perfect showcase , why she has been a star for over 40 years ! Nana , you deserve to be on top .
 I always thaught that latin music is very suitable for Nana Mouskouri and she showed us already in the past years that also in this field she is one of the rare artists who are able to do magic . Her ability do adopt a style of music , a language , a feeling , a spirit is simply fascinating . With this new album the latin Ms. Mouskouri showed once again what a talent she is and how much she learned and developped with all the years in the music scene . The album regroups twelve of the most beloved bolero themes which everyone knows who is interested a bit in this kind of music . Song number thirteen is a welcome new version of one of her early Greek songs with new Spanish lyrics . The production of the album is wonderful and spirit and joy are very well captured on it . I only can gratulate Ms. Mouskouri for how graceful she continous her way in her long career . My favourite songs on this album are wonderful versions of Besame Mucho , Piel Canela , Angelitos Negros and Usted . Very good also Me Voy Pa ' l Pueblo and Bachata Rosa and not to forget the old Greek song with a new latin sound Despierta Agapi Mou . No me quieras tanto and Piensa en mi are in my opinon the weaker points in this album but all in all this is one of the best Mouskouri productions in years .
 Every time I lisiten to this I just want to get up and dance ! I 'm a big Nana Mouskouri fan ... love her voice and always especially liked her German Christmas album because her German accent and diction were so good . When I started to study Spanish and wanted to listen to some Spanish songs to practice vocabulary and improve my accent , I thought of Nana and ordered two of her recordings . The only disappointment with Un Bolero Por Favor was the fact that the Spanish lyrics were not included in the CD insert . Price cutting seems to be having its impact everywhere . Nana Latina -LRB- the other recording that I now have -RRB- includes a song recorded with Julio Inglesias and I 've been able to find those lyrics online so I can `` sing along . '' If anyone knows where to find the lyrics for the songs on Bolero Por Favor -LRB- except for Perfidia and Besame Mucho -RRB- , please let me know where !
 Aunque Nana ha grabado albumes en castellano que me gustan mas que este , no hay ninguna duda , escuchando este CD , que Nana sabe interpretar perfectamente todo lo canta en qualquier idioma . La belleza de su voz es incomparable . She simply sounds spectacular and she and her team always seem to choose the best songs . She does an outstanding job with these beautiful , classic Latin songs . The rare and expensive Japanese pressing has the song lyrics plus two bonus tracks . Dieter Romberg has an excellent NM website with the lyrics to all of her songs ... since somebody asked .
 This CD by Nana Mouskouri is one of four that I ordered through Amazon.com . The prices of these CD 's through Amazon were really low . Fantastic deals .
 During the last few years of the 90 's the tail end of the funk revival was making it possible for even newer musical acts to create memorable music with a message they wholeheartedly meant . The faux angst explosion of the early to middle part of the decade had ceased . And all around there was a new hope in the air . Much as with the whole `` daisy age '' hip-hop/acid jazz concept at the end of the 80 's . Signing up with Eagle Records after the valiant but somewhat short sighted 1994 albumPhilip Bailey , featuring production from the talented Chuckii Booker in an attempt to get him `` in '' with the contempo R&B ; crowd this album was produced by another talented man who probably understand Bailey just a little better . Spending the 80 's and 90 's with a parallel pop and gospel music career , this bought him full circle back to where it all started for him . Producer Jean Paul `` Bluey '' Maunick of Incognito , a British jazz-funk group heavily inspired by EWF 's heavily arranged groove was probably the ideal person to produce Bailey at this point . Especially when that full circle represented the idea of soulful , funky music with an all encompassing message was back in his grasp.The album begins with the wonderous , high stepping groove of `` How Can I Rely On You '' . It is very unapologetically 70 's in flavor for sure . And that 's not a bad thing because Bluey had more than enough practice with his original band on how to produce such a groove correctly . He comes on exactly the same way with `` Talking To Myself '' , `` Caution To The Wind '' and `` Steppin Through Time '' . Bailey , still very much the funk oracle in terms of putting the face of humanity to a deeply spiritual level of emotions of `` love and life '' in fact , infuses these songs with as much power and soul as he can bring to them . `` Anything Is Possible '' , `` Tonight '' , `` Someway , Somehow '' and `` Feining For Your Love '' embrace the same conceptual flavor using R.Kelly style grooving mid tempo ballads . The title song and the majestic closer `` Shower Me With Your Love '' showcase the type of gospel inspired musical melodrama Bailey always got down to a tee in his EWF days . There are a few unique songs in the mix as well . `` Weightless '' takes a metaphoric lyric with something of an `` alternative soul/folk '' flavor to it-somewhere in the vein of where Arrested Development took the idea minus the hip-hop angle . On `` All Night Waiting '' he 's wading deep in a modern day funky blues angle-and very close to the funk angle of it considering the two music 's obvious connections . On `` Bailes Song '' he 's multi tracking himself acapella for a few minutes in classic modern gospel style.Overall this is probably Philip Bailey 's strongest albums of the 1990 's . It contains everything that made Bailey special and remains contemporary without resorting to being ultra trendy . Also to sweeten the deal is the fact that he was still intent on keeping the message in his music fully intact . What I never fail to be amazed by in throughout the 1990 's is how those pressed to be critical of music seemed so intent on it 's place in the culture rather than it 's own integrity . Even groups like The Spice Girls , who while very popular had a sound very rooted in the 70 's , were all too easily given a lot of critical flack for their `` dubious orgins '' or even their popularity itself . Being obviously `` pop '' just plain was n't cool during this time . Bailey did n't have to worry about that too much . Because even going as far back as his 1983 solo debutContinuationhe maintained every bit of creative integrity in his music he could muster . If he had a smash hit along the way , that was fine . But music itself was the premium focus . And even here one can hear he never lost sight of that .
 Philip Bailey has The Voice ! Philip has one of the most beautiful voices ever heard and there is a spirituality about him that transcends everything he does . He has been given a gift and he has been sharing it with the world for nearly 40 years . Amazing voice and even more amazing person .
 Recordings has this interesting habit of containing works of composers of different periods of their careers . Is that a good thing ? Indeed , since it 's fascinating of how much the composer 's music change in terms of idiom , communication , maturity , & so forth as the years passed by.Boris Nikoleyevich Lyatoshynsky -LRB- 1895-1968 -RRB- had written his first symphony by 1919 whereas the symphonic ballad , Grazhyna , was completed by 1955 . The symphony , in three movements , is a work having traceable influences of both Gliere & Scriabin , with a hint of Wagner & Rachmaninoff . It 's a youthful yet a daring work , with the outer movements having virtually no restraints as far as expressionism is concerned . Whereas the 1st & 3rd movements are dramatic , powerful , & heroic , the 2nd movement is mournful , beautiful , yet mystic . It is where one notices Gliere 's & Scriabin 's influence more readily . Nevertheless , the symphony is refreshing , & served as a very important step for Lyatoshynsky in finding his voice , & the voice of the Ukraine . In fact , Lyatoshynsky 's first symphony is generally regarded as the first Ukrainian symphony as a matter of importance in the development of Ukrainian music.Grazhyna was composed in commemoration of the centenary of the death of Adam Mickiewicz , a great Polish poet . Lyatoshynsky was very fond of Polish culture & heritage , & has attended many of it 's cultural events . The symphonic ballad begins & ends in a similar fashion to Rachmaninoff 's Symphonic Poem `` Prince Rostislav ''
 Though the notes on the back of the CD cover make comparisons to Rachmaninov and Tchaikovsky , the only aspect of Lyatoshinsky 's music that resembles that of these composers is its unmistakeable Russian character . In sound , Lyatoshinsky is very much like Scriabin ; in technique , much like Gliere . But to my ears , this composer has his own voice , and this first smyphony is a mature work of art in which the composer brings considerable skills to bear -- not least of which is an ability to create lush and powerful orchestrations . Thematic content is always interesting , though there is sometimes an `` over the top '' degree of ornamentation . The bird-like phrases in the second movement do rather outstay their welcome . But all-in-all this is a fascinating work . If you are interested in trying Russian symphonic music that is both of the first quality and such that you are unlikely to ever hear in a live performance , I would highly recommend the symphonies of Lyatoshinsky and Popov . The first symphony of both composers is a great place to start .
 There are much better Falco ` hits ' collections to be had but the reason to seek out this CD is for the 3 extremely rare bonus tracks . The Salieri remix of `` Rock Me Amadeus '' is the version most Americans will recognize . This is the 8 + minute version that was included on the now out of print U.S. pressing of FALCO 3 . I assume in the 80s there was an edit of this version as that was what we in the U.S. heard on the radio but I 've never seen it show up on any Falco or 80s Hits compilation.Even harder to come by are the extended versions of `` Jeanny '' and `` Coming Home -LRB- Jeanny , Part 2 -RRB- '' , the other two bonus tracks here . These are the original German 12 '' versions , not the remixes from the Remix Hit Collection from the 1991 . The extended version of `` Jeanny '' appeared on the long out of print CD compilation MAXI HIT SENSATION and an English language version -LRB- 12 '' UK Mix -RRB- appears on the Falco compilation HELDEN VON HEUTE . I 've never seen the 12 '' version of `` Coming Home '' on CD before.Falco was one of the most remixed artists in the 80s & 90s but the mixes remain hard to come by . His label would be wise to reissue his albums in deluxe versions collecting the single remixes on a bonus CD like Pet Shop Boys and Thompson Twins did with their catalogues .
 , BUT WILL BE AVAILABLE ON DECEMBER 28TH , 1999 IF YOU ARE A FALCOS ' FAN YOU WILL LOVE THIS SELECTION . IS AN IMPORTED ITEM.THANKS
 This is CD 01 from a UK 2-pack release of `` Beauty on the Fire '' . The title track is great and makes you feel free spirited as the song suggest you should throw all the bad things on the fire , just to get rid of them.Track 02 is a remix of `` Beauty on the Fire '' made by JXL , the same DJ which created the popular version of Elvis `` A Little less conversation '' , which reached number 1 in England charts . The remix version in this CD lasts 10:42 and it is very good . It 's a quality remix , not like those ones in which the song is repeated without any sense , with a dance beat on the back . It worths to be checked.Track 03 is a b-side , unreleased on `` White Lilies Island '' album . It is called `` Broken Thread '' . It 's a good song about life challenges , marriage and all women 's doubts.The artwork of this CD is amazing , based on the video of the title track . Beautiful cover and CD decorated with fish pictures.This is surely a great release for those who appreciate pop music . Natalie Imbruglia is a great singer and never disappoints her fans !
 On Morcheeba 's fourth album , Charango , the much-heralded English trip hop trio return to their classic form of seductive downtempo grooves . Their previous cd , Fragments of Freedom , with it 's 70 's pastiche was a failure when compared to their stunning predecessors Who Can You Trust ? and Big Calm . Charango , henceforth , is a welcome return to form but this time with a bit of a Brazilian twist . Morcheeba brings the 60 's Tropicalia movement to trip hop and bring along guest artists as diverse as Pace Won , Kurt Wagner -LRB- of Lambchop -RRB- , and Slick Rick for the carnivale . You can almost feel the ocean breeze on the lilting `` Sao Paulo '' as Skye Edwards ' silky vocals wrap around lyrics like
 I have always loved Morcheeba and the way they do that coffee house sound , but this one takes it up an inch more , its very calming and awesome I recomend this to you if you are having a bad day and listing to music will make it better , this is a cd to put in your collection ...
 The music on this CD gets 100 stars . However , if you want to hear the music on Klaatu 's first album -LRB- actually entitled `` Klaatu '' -RRB- and the dynamic brilliance of songs such as `` Calling Occupants '' and `` True Life Hero '' and `` Little Neutrino '' -LRB- which has always reminded me of Peter Frampton meets the Sci-Fi Beatles with the Beach Boys -RRB- , then you should purchase the Collector 's Choice Music CD edition . Not only will you also get Klaatu 's second LP entitled `` Hope '' you will also get excellent sound reproduction . Many reviewers have commented on the less than desireable remastering of this CD . I have absolutely no complaints with the Collector 's Choice version of this album along with `` Hope . '' As a matter of fact , I heard things on the CD I never heard on my vinyl years ago . The music is superb . If you are reading this , then you already know Klaatu or know about them -LRB- and , you obviously have good taste ! -RRB- Klaatu should have been bigger . The band members were all incredibly brilliant and creative . Yes , it is true that Klaatu was , without a doubt , influenced by both The Beatles and The Beach Boys , but there was so much more to their music than that . If you love The Beatles , you will love this . But , do n't buy it just for that . These guys could have made it bigger had Capitol records promoted them more after their first two LPs . Such great talent ! Musical masterpieces ! Incredible creativity ! Imaginitive lyrics ! Poetry in music ! Stories brought to life in sound ! - Buy this ... . or better yet , buy the two-fer with both `` Klaatu '' & `` Hope '' from Collector 's Choice Music . These two albums work together perfectly on one CD . So , why buy one album on CD when you can buy two !
 ... maybe not , but they sure came close ! What strange songwriting by this most bizarre of bands . Ranging from psychedelic to hard rocking to progressive to just bizarre -- I do n't know if listening to this is a guilty pleasure , or if it really is as good as I think it is.I wo n't bother with Beatles comparisons , others have written about that . I will say that the music contained here lies somewhere between post-Sgt . Pepper era Beatles , early Alan Parsons Project , Meddle to Animals era Pink Floyd , and -LRB- yes -RRB- Radiohead . Then again , other songs remind me of other bands
 Forget that Capitol records killed this band 's career by letting the public believe that Klaatu was the Beatles secretly reunited -LRB- shame on them -RRB- ! Forget that the name of this band was taken from a Sci-Fi movie -LRB- Like Duran Duran did n't do the same ? -RRB- ! Forget that The Carpenters covered thier best known song ! Just forget all that junk , and LISTEN TO THE RECORD ! YES ! LISTEN ! This band should have been BIG ! It 's sad that they only gained a cult following . There are so many fine elements on this record . Who cares about ths stinking singles charts ? Who said good music had to be POPULAR ? This is just a great LP . It has stood the test of time , and made it to CD . Thank god somebody in the industry recognizes a classic LP when they hear one . So , they were n't the Beatles ... they never claimed to be . And Who Cares ? Just Listen to the record . It speaks for itself .
 I bought 3:47 EST on the recommendations of a few Klaatu reviewers on this Amazon site , particularly Klaatu Bob 's review . I rated it at 5ive stars . I have been looking for Klaatu 's debut album on CD now since the mid 80 ` ies , when CD 's came into existence . A couple years ago I almost bought the Capital Klaatu/Klaatu Hope combo CD , but I did n't like the price . I 'm so glad now that I did n't buy it then.I first heard Klaatu 's debut on an 8-track tape with a friend of a friend 's stereo in his car , parked in their garage way back in ' 76 , or early ' 77 . The four of us high school friends just sat there listening to Klaatu on this friend Scott 's ` killer ' car stereo . We were all mesmerized by this new music -LRB- of course , they were getting stoned , but I did n't need to for some reason -RRB- . We must have sat there for the whole duration of the tape - about forty minutes . A couple days later my friend John had bought the album and later he let me borrow it . I had practically worn out the grooves of the record , and worn down my needle before I gave it back , that album was So Good.It truly is an eclectic masterpiece . Almost every song is a different style of rock/pop . I 've never heard an album more different in styles ever since . Two songs have Klaatu 's Beatles influences factored in . One song sounds like a satirical approach of the Beach Boys . ` Little Neutrino ' , the most obsure track on the CD , sounds almost like the Pink Floyd of the late ` 60ies , with the singer singing through a talk box connected to his Guitar , somewhat like Joe Walsh used to do . The song before that , ` Sir Bodsworth Rugglesby III ' is like Broadway Show Tune Music with the singer sounding like an old English Sea Captain half singing/half talking the lyrics , about a journey back from Hell . ` Anus of Uranus ' has Great Guitar work and sound effects , but I ca n't compare it to anyone . ` True life Hero ' Rocks and the Guitar really shines . Overall , this CD has the most variety of any CD from any group that I have ever heard of . Some people might not like the so stark differences in a CD , but I think it 's Great!Both my friend John and I loved every song on Klaatu 's debut album , so much so that we were eagerly anticipating the release of their 2nd album . You can read my review -LRB- When I can get around to writing it -RRB- on the music of the Klaatu Hope CD.The debut -LRB- now Klaatu 3:47 EST on CD -RRB- took 3ree Years to make -LRB- inconsistently from '73 to ' 76 -RRB- according to the linear notes inside 3:47 EST. . Perhaps , that 's why it has sold so much better than any of their other CD 's . Recommendations
 OK , I wase n't real sure who Klaatu was until I found my mothers old vinyl record one day . From the moment I put it on I was blown away from this album . I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of old 70 's music or music in general .
 just as good now as when i bought the album when it first came out . good diversity in the music . This album was originally thought to be the Beatles reformed .
 Jun 17 , 2004 . In other reviews , I talked about the records which becomes isolated jems , really hard to find ... The first Klaatu album , named only `` KLAATU '' arrived from Canada to middle and south America with advertising and annoucements calling them `` The Beatles '' -LRB- plus the sleeve of the album had no credits so the mystery and interest grew up around the band -RRB- . That was , more or less , the same kind of advertising for the arrival of Duran Duran in America `` The new Beatles '' in early 80 's , but the reality is that they were just an hype type of band -LRB- no hard feelings ! ok ? -RRB- because this first album became the peak of their entire career
 Klaatu emerged to musical scene in the middle seventies . Fresh music , conceptual ideas . this album is amazing not only because it sounds beatlesque -LRB- a lot -RRB- , but because it merges rock , synths and wonderful instrumentation in a way just a few could in that time . A space drama takes place all along the recording with some special effects , atmospheres and a great vocal performance ! A must have for everyone who enjoy that period 's music .
 This ia an Awesome Albun . The more I listen to it the better it becomes , -LRB- I have been listening to it since it 's debut in ' 76 ' -RRB- . ` Anus of Uranus ' still brakes out the Air Guitar if only for a short heavy jam . And ` Little Nutrino ' has yet to be beat by anyone for it 's genius in it 's surface of the sun arrangement . A great trip for anyone looking for a place to go .
 I heard this albumn when it first came out in cassette form , and I just had to have it . I also bought two other cassettes , but unfortunately I can no longer find them . I will definately buy anything that Klaatu produces , ever . I think they are great .
 A Canadian Progressive Rock Band made up of session musicians , but with a sense for the commercial hook . In fact , the cut `` Calling Occupants ... '' which appears on this CD was later covered by `` The Carpenters and was a minor hit for them . This CD is a good place to start if you are new to the band . Although , their second CD `` Hope `` is probably their best and more Progressive .
 Not to date myself , but I have the original on well-used vinyl . This album is one of my all time favorites because of the originality of the music . Sure , comparisons can be -LRB- and have been -RRB- made to many other groups , but each song is a slightly different style . Fun surprises for those listening very closely -LRB- headphones help -RRB- . ENJOY !!!
 Despite the inital todo about Klaatu being the Beatles , one listen showed that while they were not the Fab Four , they were indeed a group of brilliant individuals . This varied collection is one of the true pop/rock gems of all time .
 With a combined talent that , for better or worse , I can only compare to the Beatles , and Queen , Klaatu stands high above their contemporaries with a collection of superior tunes that run the gamut from power rock that will rattle your windows , to highly fluid melodies melded together with perfectly syncronized harmonies . If you want to hear a band that can make you dream again , this it the one !
 If you 're not familiar with the musical universe of Klaatu , you should know that this is the kind of music that changes your musical taste forever . It 's simply that brilliant.Late seventies I heard this album for the first time and it is still one of my favourites . How 's that for longevity!With the Bullseye remastered version , Klaatu 's music finally sounds as the band meant it to.The sound picture on the Bullseye release is richer , clearer and has more dynamic range than previous issues on CD by other labels.Lots of details and instruments are allowed to come to your attention.Klaatu themselves were very involved with the remastering process and have approved entirely of the result .
 Klaatu first came to my attention around 1977 because there was a rumor going around that the group was actually The Beatles recording under a new name . I do n't know if that rumor was a marketing ploy or not but , for me , it does n't matter . I originally bought the vinyl LP of this album and immediately fell in love with it . I had looked around a little bit searching for the CD and was very happy to see it for sale at Amazon . The music is best described as `` pop/rock '' . Some of the cuts are more `` pop '' and others are more `` rock '' . I appreciated the extra liner notes that came with the CD as I never really knew anything about the group , Klaatu , until now .
 When it was announced that this remastered CD version would reveal new things to even the most accustomed Klaatu fan , I was skeptical . Then I heard it . No other CD edition comes remotely close to this one ! My only , _ singular _ gripe is that an extra crossfade was added between True-Life Hero and Doctor Marvello -LRB- which the band insists was wanted by them ever since the first days of the album , and that they had passed on it on the original release simply because they had maxxed out their studio 's capacities -RRB- . Apart from that , this is an amazing reissue ! And now that Hope is ready and on its way , I 'm looking forward to hearing that remastered issue as well . Unreal ! ... Oh , and the album is really great as well . They 're _ not _ the Beatles , time has proven us that ... but this album is worthy of the Beatles moniker ! Sun King it is .
 It was a replacement for the one that was `` stolen '' by my now `` ex '' about ten years ago ... The replacememt was in excellent condition and it was just as good -LRB- or even better -RRB- than the one that was taken ... Klaatu was a innnovative band ... It 's a shamethey did n't catch on well here . .
 Part15 does n't know what he/she is talking about . The sonics of the Bullseye Records remaster are phenominal , and far surpass the original vinyl release -LRB- both Canadian OR US vinyl -RRB- . This remaster went back to the original analog masters , something which Capitol does n't have in their possession , and the quality of the remastering is stunning . Never have the highs sounded so clean and crisp , never has the mid-range been as crisp , and the bass , for the first time ever , is n't muddy or washed out . The spacial aspects of this recording are mind-blowing , and the Bullseye Records CD presents that separation and placement in truly outstanding quality . The thunderous blasts at the end of Little Neutrino have never had so much power prior to this release and the album 's overall sound has been greatly improved.And for those purists , the issue with the 16 page booklet -LRB- not the one with the 20 page booklet -RRB- does n't have the cross fade between True Life Hero and Dr. Marvello . That has been removed and the album restored to it 's true original state.And contrary to part15 's opinion , there was absolutely NO remixing done for this CD at all . The multi-tracks are safely tucked away in the band 's personal archives and no remixing is allowed . This CD represents the truly definitive release of this album and is well worth the cost . A magnificent release from sound quality to pressing quality to artwork to printing quality and anything else you could imagine.Great job Bullseye ! -LRB- part15 should buy a better CD player or replace his/her speakers or amplifier . There 's something truly wrong with their stereo system ... -RRB-
 `` Subrosa Subway '' hooked me right in . `` Calling Occupants '' a masterpiece . No one thought it could be done ... the Beatles sound in an experimental way , but my goodness , an attention and care to arranging was astounding . No mop top hype to hide behind.The fact that they wanted it released with no individual song credits made it feel like a group effort . As they wanted no one to look at the album in none other way than an experience . And they the achieved with flying colours . This album is the reason I even got into songwriting or noticed songwriting as an art form.Indeed a special album for me all time .
 I have not recieved 3:47 CD , It has been over a month . I contacted the seller and they said it was going to be shipped soon . I am still waiting , Thank you , Terry
 I remember listening to this on my brothers 8 track.It was great then and it is great now 30 years later .
 This live recording of Incantation IS a must own . Very few copies were put into circulation and I picked up my copy via amazon 's used marketplace a few weeks ago . I love their studio albums and this live album is outstanding . The drums sound great as well as the production values . A must own .
 Like most of my generation , Sunday evenings at 7:25 in the 1960 's meant watching ` Doctor Findlay 's Casebook ' , a low budget TV drama that revolved around a little Scottish village practice at Tannoch Brae . I lived in the depths of South London and this little escape into a world of brogue and rural character made me feel life was worth living , for I could break away from my gray humdrum life to live in such a community . The incidental music to this TV series was all from parts of Trevor Duncan 's ' A Little Suite ' . The best parts of the drama were its depiction of pathos , a terminally ill patient , an old time boxer suffering from dementia , etc. . We have been given many times the Theme Music to the programme , the ` March ' but were never given the rest of the Suite . I contacted the BBC who could not help me in obtaining a recording but who confirmed all the incidental music of this programme was from this source . In the more pathos ridden storylines , they would use the ` Lullaby ' , a beautifully sad piece of writing that underpinned and reinforced the action on screen . I remember it was even used in a plot where the hero was suffering from depresion himself . Some tunes touch your soul and this one did mine , for I searched in vain from the late 1960 's and every time I found Trevor Duncan 's ` Little Suite ' , ` the March ' was recorded alone in a compilation recording . Last week I was idly searching Amazon 's database and saw that now we have the complete work available and I bought it immediately , anxiously awaiting the mailman ... and it arrived ! I can not tell you how much I love this CD . Every piece reveals a true master of the Light Music idiom . The gentle melodic lines , the serene strings and chortling woodwind with tempered but effective brass are offset by an amazingly imaginative use of the percussion . I discovered that we have here a composer who was reasonably prolific and like Oliver Twist I can only ask
 A very good version of many Trevor Duncan compositions . Possibly the Ron Goodwin version -LRB- `` Adventure ! '' , 1966 -RRB- of the Girl From Corsica is better , and the stereo mixing of the March from a Little Suite -LRB- the theme from the original Doctor Finlay 's Casebook series -RRB- could have been a little less dynamic , but still this is a very good version.As I understand it , the composer worked for the BBC at a time when they were n't permitted to have their own music appear in the TV series credits for some reason , hence the alias of Duncan . Whatever the background to the composition , the `` Little Suite '' and the A.J. Cronin-inspired stories were perfect together in the TV series , one of the best drama series of all time -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , and this version of the music is certainly not a disappointment . It is a pity the other pieces are so rarely found , but that makes this collection all the more valuable .
 Disk 1 is a soulful , mostly layed back , groovy bunch of tunes . With some of my favorite players -LRB- primarily Oscar Peterson -RRB- , this hand full of standards really shines as Ella puts her twist and shout over top . Its a truly unique recording and should be respected by all jazz enthusiasts ; it 's the first songbook recording where Ellington actually participated immensely in the arrangement and recording.Disk 2 is more of a well-rounded , upbeat follow-up to the sweet savory disk 1 . Where Duke 's influence was n't overly prevalent in the 1st disk , his Ora certainly shines in the 2nd disk as he actually twinkles those ivories . Fitzgerald throughout showcases her amazing Skat abilities ; if you do n't believe me and only have about 3 minutes to spare , just listen to Track 1/Disk 2 and you 'll know what I mean.Like Jazz ? ... do n't have this disk yet ? ... what 's wrong with you ?
 Given Fitzgerald 's successful collections of songs by Berlin , Gershwin , Porter , and Rodgers and the presence of the composer/arranger himself , the high quality of this three-CD set should come as no surprise . Particularly gratifying is that she treats the songs with respect , usually singing the verse before the refrain , as written . If I have any complaint , it is that the third CD is n't really part of the `` songbook '' , consisting of such things as a `` Portrait of Ella Fitzgerald , '' Chelsea Bridge , and some alternate takes , but , like the first two CDs , it 's all authentic Ellington/Strayhorn and , fortunately , the CD now comes in a compact package -LRB- at least mine did -RRB- instead of a thicker jewelbox .
 You can not go wrong choosing these two giants together for your collection . Get this without fail .
 The greatest jazz singer of all time , the first lady of song , here at her VERY BEST , singing some of the greatest songs in the American Oeuvre , accompanied by the composers , Duke Ellington and the lamentably uncredited Billy Strayhorn -LRB- he 's the one who wrote Caravan , Take the A Train , Daydream , Chelsea Bridge , Something to Live For and others incorrectly attributed to the Duke -RRB- . There was only one Ella , there will never be another . Here 's your chance to hear why everyone loved her . Thank God she lived in a time when we could record her voice in high fidelity so you can believe those of us who had the privilege of hearing her live . Get the other songbooks too . Farewell , thanks and God Bless you Ella -LRB- and Duke ! -RRB-
 Highly suggest you get this for your collection . I have it playing in the background when I am put my grandson to bed ... never to early to share good music !!!! Even shared it with my folks - they loved it too !
 ... This is probably the best one of the complete songbooks . Sir Duke is the orchestra leader , and writes the songs ; Quincy Jones is the aranger ; and -LRB- in the words of Stevie Wonder -RRB- with a voice like Ella 's ringin ' out then that way the band could move.Bottom line is , if you ca n't afford the complete songbook , this and the 3 `` best of '' songbooks is a very nice substitute -LRB- I 'm not sure , but you may have a little over lap of songs but considering that Ben Webster , and Stuff Smith are on this album , not to mention Sir Duke himself , it 's worth it -RRB- . If you CAN afford the complete songbook , do it . The 16 CD set is definately worth it .
 The music is great . I give it four stars for a bad packaging and the over price
 This C.D. was my first purchase from an American supplier , I must say that I was most impressed with their response and the delivery which took only 13 days from a small town in Kentucky to my home address , all for a cost of only about 11 . The C.D. which originated from a recording made in 1957 , is of first class quality and I am very pleased with this purchase , it replaces a vinyl disc that I can no longer play , and I hope to replace some of the other records of the same era .
 A piece of jazz heaven ... The level of talent on this set is staggering . Ella is brilliant , for one . Then add in Duke Ellington and Billy Strayhorn and the band , all in great form . Then add a small ensemble that includes Oscar Peterson and Ben Webster . Yikes ! Best of all , the pieces fit together beautifully.Years ago I had the big-band material on LP , which I treasured until someone borrowed it for good . Just getting that music back in excellent-sounding CD was a treat , but the addition of the small group material was a wonderful bonus.The set also includes some rehearsals and alternate takes . It 's fascinating to hear Ella working out a part . She did n't do everything perfectly the first time -- it just seems that way!This is an embarrassment of riches . Highly recommended .
 Here 's a newsflash :1957
 I listened to the first track , Rockin ' In Rhythm five or six times before going onto the second track ; and experienced the delight of discovering something truly good and remarkable from two artists , about whom I thought I knew everything good and remarkable . Back in the 1970 's I collected Ella songbooks on vinyl -LRB- Gershwin , Porter , Rogers & Hart -RRB- , but never got around to the Ellington collection . How fortunate that I inadvertently saved this little gem for a rainy day . Listening to it is like discovering Ellington and Ella anew . Except with the added appreciation of a fan . I would never tire of Rockin ' In Rhythm , so reliable a source of joy it is ... my soul smiles for the privilege to witness this collaboration .
 This set is about as good as it gets . Most of it is Ella with Duke 's band , and as you 'd expect everything is A1 . The arrangements are stellar , the solists complement Ella to perfection . The opening reeds on `` I got it bad '' make my hair stand on end every time . There is also some beautiful small group stuff , notably with Ben Webster and Stuff Smith , which also swings like hell . -LRB- Squatty Roo , Cottontail ... -RRB- Finally you get a lot of outtakes of Chelsea Bridge ... OK , it 's filler stuff to some , but some of us find it interesting to hear how Duke would fine tune the sound of the band as he went along ... The packaging sucks -LRB- those irritating cardboard sleeves where you ca n't get the bloody CD 's out properly -RRB- ... but hey ... jewel cases are cheap ...
 If you can only afford one Ella songbook set , make Ellington the one . Ella and Duke are perfectly matched . Having her sing with the composer is a unique feature of this set . There is an exuberant spontaneity here which is unmatched by any other songbook album . This mean that there are some imperfections and improvisations , and that 's what jazz is . The material is fabulous . The obvious reciprocal adoration and respect of these two legends permeate everything . It is one of the all time great jazz albums ever . Not to be missed .
 Even if i could have done without the third disc , this tribute to DUKE ELLINGTON really hits home , and is a must buy for anyone interested in these two legends of jazz.ELLA takes more chances here than in previous and later records of the series , and this is probably due to DUKE himself who took an active part by creating new songs and rearranging a few of his classics.CARAVAN shows ELLA in a rare sensual mood , and does she delivers?All the well known songs of ELLINGTON are present , from MOOD INDIGO to SOPHISTICATED LADY.The only songbook celebrating a non BROADWAY composer was indeed worth its price .
 This is the songbook to get , period . Ella is the perfect match for many of these Ellington compositions , in fact , I 'll go as far as say that this box set contains many definitive performance of the Ellington catalogue . Ella 's bubbly , happy but complex vocals , are exactly what many Ellington/Strayhorn compositions call for . Plus , this is the only songbook where the composer is playing along with Ella , plus you get the Ellington band !! To make sure 3 discs is not much of the same , you get some change in the pace and get to hear Ella also on a small combo and in guitar duos . I am not the biggest Ella fan , and I love this box.The big ` BUT ' about this box is first the price . $ 50 bucks for 3 disc set is really pushing the envelope . And the packaging is just beyond words ... I cant imagine anyone at Verve actually trying to get the discs out/in of their sleeves and saying that this is a fine product . The package is totally useless , you need to get either jewel cases or protective sleeves for your CD 's or you will cause some serious damage to them . Still , I cant take stars out of this wonderful music this time
 And this recording , `` means a thing '' , because it swings when it 's time to swing and sways when it 's time to sway . A remarkable record of gigantic proportions . Of all the songbooks that Ella Fitzgerald recorded this is one of the very best , I rank it up there with the Rodgers and Hart tribute and the Cole Porter disc . There are so many great tunes in the Ellington Songbook , hard to pick a favorite but , '' Caravan '' is amazing . Ella , Duke Ellington , Ben Webster , Oscar Peterson , Dizzy Gillespie , Stuff Smith an all star line , they could be pouring out of your hi fi anytime you cared to , if you add this to your collection .
 duke and ella make the material on this set literally the best . her wonderful voice complements dukes musical genius , and makes it come wonderfully alive . the combination is absolutely the tops !
 Dreamland was a late find from MAD AT THE WORLD -LRB- original eponymous 87 ' album and this one made in 95 ' -RRB- which produced Beatles-like memories , and excellently crafted songs - terrific musicianship , and very listenable harmonics . I know the bands shift to heavier vibes later returned these discerning players back to originality , with missed success being a factor . For those with eyes to see and hears to hear , this is a good place to find badly needed crossover spiritually inspired and simply really good music . It is a shame the fine listening ear has been dulled over the years in electronics and rap , and to my view , this was one I had unfortunately missed , until now . More looks to the solo work by leader Rose and the entire MATW discography are ahead .
 Along with Erkel and Abranyi , Mihaly Mosonyi -LRB- 1815-1870 -RRB- is one of the elite Hungarian composers of the nineteenth century , although better known in his country than in other European regions . His music might not have reached international fame , but Liszt 's approbation for his compositions is well-worth considering . Mosonyi showed Liszt gratitude in many ways , the most exemplary being his prodigious and impressive transcription of Liszt 's `` Gran Mass '' for four hands . The beautiful and fervent music combined with Istvan Kassai 's and Klara Kormendi 's electrifying performance is enough to earn this Marco Polo release a solid five stars.Some of Mosonyi 's own compositions , however , are included beside his transcription of Liszt 's `` Gran Mass. '' The `` Grand Duo '' is essentially a piano sonata for four hands . Writing to the Hungarian composer Kornel von Abranyi , Liszt said , `` Many of -LSB- Mosonyi 's -RSB- Hungarian pieces remain classical , as opposed to the current wares ... '' Compared to contemporary works around 1847 , the Grand Duo indeed sounds like something `` between Viennese classicism and early Viennese romanticism , '' as the liner-notes writer says . The first movement is virtuosic and melodious , perhaps best described as a cross between Moscheles and Schubert . The middle movement , an innocent Allegretto , has occasional moments of Romantic lyricism and beauty , but the `` Vivace '' last movement certainly looks back to Classicism and even to the aesthetics of Beethoven . The `` Three Colours of Burning Love , '' a collection of three miniatures , are not that interesting , but Mosonyi 's `` Festival Music '' scores better with its Hungarian Rhapsody-like structure and mood.Mosonyi 's transcription of Liszt 's `` Gran Mass '' is the triumph of this recording . The Mass was written around 1855 for the `` dedication of the Esztergom Cathedral '' in Hungary . According to Humphrey Searle , `` This work caused considerable discussion at the time ; Liszt was accused of imitating Wagnerian methods in it , and even of trying to ` smuggle the Venusberg in church music . ' '' Those who have heard the Mass know the work contains many exciting and gorgeous ideas . Liszt 's enthusiasm for the Mass and the recurrence and reworking of motifs in each movement make for compelling music . Douglas Townsend points out that `` The principal theme of the ` Agnus Dei ' of Liszt 's -LSB- Gran Mass -RSB- , incidentally , is announced by the basses , and was inspired by Mosonyi 's playing . '' This four hand arrangement resounds with strength and captures all of the drama and introspection of the choral work . Dr. Dezso Legany , the liner-notes writer , shares a similar view
 Shirley Horn is not an artist for compilations . Please refer to the originals ... You will find all of them in each CD in the Amazon store . This is no more than a Verve penny-hunter CD . Worst of all be aware that the same track Come a Little Closer is included in another compilation title in the store -LRB- The Ultimate Shirley Horn -RRB- . An absurd . Go direct to titles like ` You Wont Foget Me ` or ` Here ` s to Life ` or ` Close Enough for Love ` or all titles in the store but not to those dishonest compilations .
 IF YOU TAKE A LOOK AT THE 1 STAR REVIEW , I AM THE ONE THAT LEFT A COMMENT IN FAVOR , BUT WONDERING WHY THEY LEFT ONLY ONE STAR . IT HAD TO BE A MISTAKE BECAUSE SHE GAVE IT A `` HAUNTING '' REVIEW , IF NOT TOO SHORT . THE TUNE
 I still can not tell if Richard Band is a talented film composer or just a hack who had the good luck to have a brother with several movie studios to employ him . Of course I speak of Charles Band and his Empire and Full Moon productions . This disc contains Richard Band 's scores for Doctor Mordrid and Demonic Toys , two productions from Full Moon 's Paramount funded era . Doctor Mordrid is really just a clone of the comic book hero Dr. Strange and Demonic Toys is yet another toy themed horror in the Puppet Master vein . The incidental music for both sounds more or less like all the other scores Band did for Full Moon at the time and lack distinctive enough character to make them really all that memorable -LRB- though the main themes for both are nice -RRB- . Fans of Full Moon , Empire Pictures and/or the Family Band -LRB- is there really a difference ? -RRB- will no doubt want this in their collections . Being out of print this pretty much makes it a semi-essential collectable for fans of the still struggling b-movie studio - and they are out there , I am one of them and find others all the time online . However , fans of movie music in general may want to stick with Richard Band 's scores for Puppet Master , Re-Animator , From Beyond , and/or The Pit and the Pendulum , as those are better examples of his work . Four stars on the Full Moon Fanatic scale , three on the film music fan scale . Recommended to all the FMFs out there .
 ASP have always stood out as one of the groups to best the rest in this genre combination of deep house , rock , electric pop , industrial and even soundscaping . However with Weltunter they went all out and created a masterpiece of a CD , maybe its not perfect but this is the first CD that has ever made me , someone who hates headbangers , jump up and down like a fool.The CD starts out interesting enough with the simple title of `` Intro '' it starts out as a basic electronic sound but within moments picks up to give an amazing feeling of depression , despite its high sounds it still succeeds in conveying ASP 's dark side.The `` Intro '' immediately opens into the track `` Welcome '' what at first seems to be nothing more than the traditional ASP voice with some rock thrown in for good measure , but as it opens up it conveys its true feelings with a brilliant line of `` Come on in and spend an hour , Or two up there in the dark tower , Where there is nothing as it seems , Follow me to where hopes die , The realm of the black butterfly , I welcome you here in my dreams . '' If one cant recognize this as a amazing musical feat then they do n't truly understand emotion conveyed within music.After a short pause we are brought into the track `` Weltunter '' , now out of all the songs this is the one that most have heard , however its worth listening to all over again as the CD version is crisp and clean and you can finally hear it like it was supposed to be . If you have n't heard it , the best way to put it , is that it is a mix of deep house and rock with exaggerated lyrics . I do n't want to ruin this song for anyone so I wont go into details about it . `` Stille Der Nacht '' is the next track , this one is often as expressed as being the track ASP put their heart into and it shows , with brilliant lyrics and a astounding recital it blends perfectly with the mesmerizing sounds of the old ASP with a sound reminiscent of `` Hast Du Mich Vermisst ? '' , regardless its good to hear that ASP has n't forgot their roots and can still open a can when they need to.If there is a weak link on this CD I would have to say its the next track `` Geisterjagd '' , for me the beat seemed a little of a low light and his singing reminds me more of a traditional Dark Wave group , not that this is bad , simply that it does n't fit . I must say that for ASP the lyrics wernt as poetic and thoughtful as normal . `` She Wore Shadows '' is an amazing feat of electronic prowess and even if the lyrics were just regular , the song itself quickly makes up for it . The lyrics though bland are surprisingly made very entertaining with ASP chanting `` She wore shadows , Shadows and Skin , She wore shadows , She wore shadows , Nothing but shadows , Shadows and skin '' . `` Demon Love '' is a unique track , it does n't follow any of ASP 's normal styles , instead it is its own . Its a very slow track , give a few lines . However what makes this song is the lyrics , well thought out and very meaningful , this could be sung to the worst music in the world and it would still convey its deep meaning , and with it being ASP you know its definitely not bad.Now for the hard rocker of the CD , I 'm not sure anything ASP has ever done can compare to `` Ich Will Brennen '' its simply that good . With an opening that will leave even the most seasoned ASP fan speechless and a recital that best many of their previous hard rock attempts . This song itself makes the CD worth buying . `` Hasslich '' and `` Eleison '' I include them together as they are one after another and despite each having their own draw , neither of them truly stands out amongst so many other great songs . They are good for a few listens and are fantastic songs but they are not masterpieces as the rest of the CD is . I 'm not sure how to explain it , some may like them but they are not my taste . `` Lykanthropie '' is another hard rock song mixed with electronic and at some points it even seems to resemble a Ballade though not in the same line as `` Die Kleine Ballade vom Schwarzen Schmetterling '' but similar in areas . At the same time it stands alone with its wicked voices and downright sinister approach to music.ASP finish this brilliant album with `` Die Ruhe vor Dem Sturm '' an amazing sound scape . The song is so elegant and yet so powerful one cant even explain it , its the kind of songs that depicts calm and serenity yet has the power to rock the earth , a very powerful peace and an amazing way to finish an amazing album.ASP continues to impress and with their new offering already out I 'm hoping they kept to this new brilliance they have found . 5/5 one of the best albums I have ever heard .
 It was a highly valuable series of four Villa Lobos discs that Roberto Duarte and the Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra recorded for Marco Polo in the mid 1990s , as they featured compositions from the Brazilian composer that were remarkable not only for the sake of their rarity - no Bachianas Brasileiras and other warhorses here , but instead the composer 's highly evocative `` Amazonian '' pieces -LRB- Villa-Lobos
 Their 1982 sophomore album , and my personal favorite . Classic punk , among the best of the early 80s . Upbeat and hardedged enough to be classified as hardcore , but tempered with a strong dose of good old Ramones-ish pop , neither sloppy nor too polished . Sort of seems like `` good time '' party music compared to the dark and serious stuff that was coming from the bourgeoning peace punk movement that was dominant in the British scene at the time . I seem to remember the next album , City Baby 's Revenge , was their most popular . But I never understood why . These songs are catchier , and the production is better . Both great albums , but I had to pick one , this would be it .
 Impressive punk band . . Best of the late seventies/early eigthies . Ca n't help listening over and over .
 I agree that this is probably G.B.H. 's finest hour
 YOU NEED THAT FIX AND FAST ??? THIS IS WHAT YOU NEED.GOOD STOMPING COLLECTION FROM WAY YEARS BACK.ALSO THEY PUT EXTRA GREAT SONGS ON THE CD THAT WERE ON DIFFERENT RECORDS . LOVE THOSE BIG WOMEN .
 well its been a while since i listened to this album ! i gave a listen and thought to myself that why cant ther be more solid punk albums like this today . from the opening riff of time bomb until the closeing of boston babies this is one of the best punk albums of all time . to compare it to other music it is like g.b.hs rubber soul -LRB- beatles . -RRB- it is a strong album full of good songs . for any one into a album concept and not just another hit song this is for you long before there was green day and the way of the hit single there was g.b.h. a strong band that rocked and made sence to anyone that liked there music sharp and straightand to the point -LRB- best listened when you want to stage dive or slam dance until you cant breath -RRB- . a must buy so do so !
 No punk cd collection should be without this album . There are several classics on it including I Am The Hunted , Sick Boy , No Surviviors , and of course City Baby Attacked by Rats . The sound is classic British punk and Collin has one of the best distinctive voices in the genre . This band gets total respect from me because they are still around making music without selling out to a major label.I do n't have this edition of the CD . I have the one that also has City Baby 's Revenge on it.It is called Attack And Revenge By City Baby 's - Definitve G.B.H. Collection . I got it back in 90 and it was put out by Clay/Roadrunner . If you can find it on Ebay or in a store get that version of it , because it 's a better deal .
 A great solo CD single . He sounds like a young
 Pharell Williams has such a unique voice . He stands out from all the other Rap singers or regular singers . When is his cd going to be out ? I 'm sure I will be a fan forever .
 s clue what he 's talking about . . soo soo sad.I met Pharrell backstage at the Sprite Liquid Mix Tour after I feel deeply in love with his , pharrell & chad 's `` N.E.R.D. - ... In Search Of '' the import version was my first lovepharrell 's not trying to be whitney houston so it sucks that you have to pick on his singing voice , he makes fun of it himself.he 's trying to get across a feeling with frontin ' , and the other two tracks are quite grand as well . It 's a must if you 're a Neptunes fan . You just may discover Kelis as well -LRB- which i highly recommend -RRB- with this cd . enjoy .
 pharell is hilarious but folks need to quit saying he 's the next prince cause he 's nowhere on that level . I like the jam if only michael jackson had these songs .
 THIS BE HOT ! NOBODY CAN TOUCH PHARRELL ! THIS BE HOT ! I 'VE ONLY HEARD `` FRONTIN ' '' THOW . AI N'T NO THING ! WHOOP WHOOP !
 frontin is the best ! it 's an awesome song and pharrell has an awesome voice . it 's great !
 Frontin-This an Okay toon that is okay 7/10Hot Damn-A nice track off there album 8/10Popular Thug-Has Nas on it.Nas and jay Z on the same album wich may be the second time ever one time they actually did a songLyrics 7/10 Production 8/10 Overall 7.5 / 10
 U can never forget lovely Gary , Mark , Jason , Howard and Robbie .
 As mentioned in my previous review , some of the communicative urgency & boldness drained away by the time Boris Lyatoshynsky -LRB- 1895-1968 -RRB- composed his Fourth & Fifth in 1963 & 1966 respectively.His Fourth symphony , however , retained the same level of philosophical depth as his first three symphonies . It 's first movement is passionate yet somewhat restrained whereas the second movement is as tranquil as the slow movement of the Second symphony . The finale -LRB- 3rd movement -RRB- is a culmination of the ideas & concepts of the previous movements . It 's a finale with activity & tensity . The symphony , played without a pause , is regarded as among the great symphonies after the second half of the 20th century.Like the Slavonic concerto for piano & orchestra , Lyatoshynsky 's Fifth symphony is a work having various slavonic themes -LRB- of various slavonic cultures -RRB- . Truly an important work , it suceeded in representing the friendship & unity of the Slavonic peoples . The first movement consist of a Russian theme based on a part-mythical legend , Ilya Muromets . The second movement consist of two Bulgarian themes
 Just to beware , this single does not have a B side to it . Just a remix of the Big Boy song , but still , I love Die Happy , so .
 When you hear the word ` Warlock ' you usually do n't think ` Ballads ' , but that 's what you get with Doro Pesch . She is amazing . The fast and heavy songs are incredible and equally as moving as these ones , but it 's great to have the slower ones put together on this cd and it makes a perfect addition to any true music fan 's collection .
 I love this album it 's just another 1 for great performances she 's one of the best female rockers alive ... 25 yrs + ca n't be doing nothing wrong ... love doro 4ever
 I have long been an admirer of Ron Goodwin 's music and this album includes some of his more symphonic pieces such as the Drake 400 Suite .
 Ashley Beedle 's remix of Let Me Go is worth every penny for this disc . One of the most beautiful songs in the world . The rest of the disc -LRB- s -RRB- is fine and fun , as well .
 I 'd agreed with my fellow reviewer on `` Retox '' -LRB- CD # 1 -RRB- , but `` Detox '' makes up for it -- it 's a totally different sound .
 I 'm a person that does n't try to blow things out of proportion ... That said , if you are a jazz fan , this album is the `` real deal . '' The second you put it on , you 're hooked . Mr. Lewis , along with Eldee Young and Redd Holt , blend their talents beautifully throughout the album.The use of strings on some songs adds to the intrigue of the album . Check out The Sound of Christmas -LRB- track # 6 -RRB- . It begins with the sound of strings that would remind you of something you 'd hear walking through a shopping mall ... Then Lewis kicks in on the piano and turns the song into a kicked up , swingin ' tune.My dad has had this album in his record collection for years . When I saw that it was on CD , I immediately ordered it . Now , I hope his other Christmas CD , More Sounds Of Christmas , also gets re-released on CD ... An equally impressive album .
 The Ramsey Lewis Trio consisted of piano , bass and drums . They played instrumental jazz in an accessible style that was popular even with people who generally did n't like jazz . This Christmas album was released in 1961 . The first side of the album featured just the trio , while the second side featured the trio plus a string section . The material consists of jazzy versions of well known Christmas songs , plus two very good originals -LRB- `` Christmas Blues '' and `` The Sound of Christmas '' -RRB- . It 's a very enjoyable album that even jazz haters will like .
 Shame on you if you do n't already have this album in your holiday collection . Buy it on record or buy it on CD . This is the perfect , classy backdrop for a holiday party -LRB- tried and true -RRB- . By the way , Ramsey Lewis makes stellar `` non-holiday '' music , too , so check out `` Finest Hour '' which is a greatest hits collection by Lewis .
 Ok , it 's not true improv jazz , but hey , it 's a Christmas album , so what can you expect ? I do n't object to the full orchestra since there is enough jazz to keep me happy . I still have the album and it was nice to see it on disk .
 This is the classic jazz Christmas Album -- from before there were dozens of copy-cat collections . I nearly wore out the vinyl , and its yet to be CD 'd companion , `` More Sounds of Christmas '' . ` Merry Chirstmas Baby ' is sooo cool jazz . If you love jazz and dig the Christmas sounds , then this is a MUST .
 The BEST Christmas jazz album you will ever find . My wife used to work in a record store some years ago and happened across this gem -- it 's in our CD changer now from the day after Thanksgiving on .
 One of my all time favorites . For many years playing the LP was a must when wrapping presents . The Ramsey Lewis Trio at its peak with renditions of familiar tunes that truly swing .
 This is the best Christmas music I have ever heard ! Very hip finger-snappin ' funky swinging tunes ! Perfect music for your holiday gatherings ! Sound quality is very good ! This album was originally released in 1961 and it remained on the top Christmas LP charts throughout most of the 60 's .
 This album is at the top of my list to be played every Christmas . I own a ton of Christmas CD 's , so it 's saying something for me that this recording is so special . At least one night prior to Christmas , after the kids are put to bed , I love to drink a glass of wine , watch the Christmas lights and escape with this incredible album . A terrific jazz recording .
 Walking through one of the last record stores left in the area a couple years ago I spotted this ablum cover on the wall . Immediately I recognized it as one of the only Christmas albums in my dad 's collection and I became very curious . This album came out the year I was born and it is the only one that can bring me back to those nostaligic days of my youth where pictures of black & white televisions with no remote controls ruled and the cold days when you needed a can of ether to start the car from its icey grip of winter were the norm . My mind went straight back to the sound of sleigh bells , which at 4 years of age was all I could remember from this album being played and there they were at the beginning of Christmas Blues ! This is an absolute classic and has the best versions of ` Santa Claus Is Coming To Town ' and ` God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen ' to date . Do n't let the jazz purists get you down on the strings on side 2 ... they simply add to the nostalgic atmosphere . There is a `` magic '' here on this record that would not be re-captured in `` More Sounds Of Christmas '' , and in fact if the purist has any beef about the mis-use of strings it should be on that release . In our house when it came to vinyl , the Verve label was prominent with artists such as Jimmy Smith and Wes Montgomery . This one rates among the cream of the crop and I highly recommend the 2 Christmas albums by Russ Taff if you like this style .
 A lot of people ca n't stand Christmas music . I have several friends who simply dislike it . But every time I 've introduced this to them they 've all come to like it and have added it to their collection . It 's just that good . It 's jazzy sounds blend in and set the mood without being overpowering and it 's unmistakably Christmas when you hear this . If you 're going to have a party and do n't want to mess with changing out the music or making a playlist just put this in and let it play . Everyone will appreciate it .
 Of course , I grew up listening to this Ramsey Lewis collection through my open bedroom door as my parents decorated the house to make way for the magic of Christmas that was to come ~ so these Sounds of Christmas are intimately woven into those fondest memories of childhood . But do n't take my word for it ! Have a listen , and experience how in each piece Lewis was n't just recreating old stand-bys , he was striving to make them an expression of his own experience of Christmas , and that 's the thrill . I can listen to this over and over , long after the season has past , and still get excited .
 This is my all time favorite Christmas CD , my family could not survive the season without it . Even people who do n't think of themselves as fans of jazz enjoy it .
 It 's not Christmas for me until I listen to this album !
 The early-1960s releases by the Ramsey Lewis Trio are some of the best - and most accessible - in jazz , and `` Sounds of Christmas '' is their only Christmas recording that is still commercially available . Expect funky , bluesy , smooth Christmas tunes - not as essential or as beautiful as Vince Guaraldi 's `` Charlie Brown Christmas , '' but just as much fun . The album 's only weakness is the addition of some rather cheesy string arrangements - but this is holiday music , after all .
 This is feel good smooth jazz . If you miss Seattle 's KWJZ -- smooth jazz -- get this one to smooth out your days .
 One of my top 3 in Christmas music . My only regret is you can not find &#34; More Sounds of Christmas &#34; in any form . If you like jazz this is top of the line !
 I know how it 's going to sound to say this but I will say it anyway , I really had no idea who this was when I first searched this album . I had just &#34; Wish-listed &#34; a different Brubeck album when it gave me the typical &#34; people who bought this also bought ... &#34; . It payed off .
 This bings back so many wonderful memories . I first heard this album when I was a kid in high school and loved it . It was gifted to me a few years later and I looked forward to listening to it during the holidays . Unfortunately , it disappeared during a move and as life would have it , I kind of forgot about it . I was delighted when Amazon suggested it . It 's like being reunited with an old friend.From the songs that are just the Ramsey Lewis Trio to the ones with full orchestra this is the perfect album to listen to great arrangements of the old standards . My favorite is &#34; God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen &#34; which starts out with bells playing the carol and then dramatically goes into this wonderful jazz waltz . &#34; Sleigh Ride &#34; is just plain fun.Enjoy !!
 We purchase this today and have been playing it all afternoon along with Jazz Piano Chrristmas by Boegie Adair and Diana Krall 's Christmas album.We made a playlist - Jazz Christmas - which is a great alternative to traditional or Celtic Xmas music.Nice .
 If you 're entertaining the fine wine crowd , or just some of your beer drinkin ' beer buddies , this is the Compact Disc you 'd want to have loaded in your changer -LRB- Along with the other All-Time Christmas Favorites -RRB- . Nothing wild 'n crazy , just some real coooool jazz from the same Trio that brought you hits like
 I grew up listening to this album . It was one of many albums in my father 's collection . Since LP 's do n't exist any more , finding something to play them on can be a challenge . I was so excited to see that this classic was recently released on CD . I can now enjoy this CD for years to come . I highly recommend that you add the `` Sound of Christmas '' to your collection .
 The Ramsey Lewis Trio -LRB- not ramsey as a solo artist -RRB- is my favorite jazz group , or favorite group in general . Although I love them and practically grew up with them , this album does n't remind me of old Christmas times and memories . Why ? , I have no idea , but it 's sure a damn good swinging album . Although there are some duds , where the orchrestra completly drowned out the trio , there are some highlights . I 'd say the best track on here is , `` The Sound Of Christmas . '' One highlight of it is in Ramsey 's solo , he adds a portion from Santa Claus is comin to town . That is the grooviest track on the album . Other great songs include WinterWonderland and practically every song on the first side . As for the second side goes , you might as well call the album The Orchrestra with special guest , The Ramsey Lewis Trio . Because they completly take over , but they do produce some great songs like What Are You Doing Christmas Eve . Here 's how the second side goes . Good song , bad song , good song , bad song , and good song . Anyway this is a great album , although playing it does n't really remind of Christmas . I have yet to by More Sounds Of Christmas buy them . Maybee it will be more nostalgic .
 It was never offically Christmas until my mother hooked up the Jingle Bells door chime and my father put Ramsey Lewis '' Sound of Christmas '' on our HiFi . This is a fantastic holiday treat . I have loads of Christmas music , but I place this recording very high in my December rotation . The strings that play on '' What Are You Doing New Years Eve ? '' and the bouncy `` Sleigh Ride '' take me back to the Wonder Years of my youth . I believe it will become an evergreen in your collection . Happy Holidays or as Ramsey puts it ... Merry Christmas Baby !
 This 1961 re-issue is timeless . If you appreciate Wes Montgomery 's period with orchestration , you will enjoy this instrumental jazz masterpiece . For the purist , the first half of the CD is sans strings .
 I bought a previously released version of this CD at a used CD store . I fell in love with it then , but it had some obvious physical defects . So when it was re-released , I had to have a new copy . The previously released CD had 11 reviews on Amazon , all 5 stars . This is the second review on the re-release , and both are 5 stars . That ought to tell you something . This is simply one of the BEST Christmas Jazz CDs ever . If you are looking for some great jazzy Christmas music , you have found it !
 This review was begun in 1962 when I bought the LP in St. Paul in school . My classmates thought it cool , and later my kids knew the Christmas season had arrived when Dad put it on during dinner . Now I 'm going to make sure all my grandkids have their own copy . Ramsey Lewis ' `` Sounds '' takes its place with the great standards of the season . Simply because it 's honest , spiritual , and fun to listen to . Some combination .
 This is the one Xmas CD you have to get . Ramsey swings through all the Xmas standards at his toe tapping best . Xmas Blues has been my favorite since I first heard it . This recording was made when the trio was at it 's best , and happy to be playing together . For fourty three years no other jazz Xmas album has ever been better .
 My parents played this album over and over every year at Christmastime , and I fell in love with the music . I bought my own copy once I moved out of the house.This album keeps your feet tapping , and some of it is danceable . It 's also great for background music while decorating the tree , enjoying a late night drink on the sofa with friends , or to play during a party . My most fondest and nostalgic memories at Christmastime were of decorating the house and making cookies while listening to this album . It 's a great way to get young children listening to and appreciating jazz .
 For those of us who grew up `` back in the day '' , this album and it 's sequel `` More Sounds of Christmas '' were Christmastime staples in all our parents ' homes . This cd brings back wonderful memories of how life really was -LRB- as opposed to how tv and the movies depict it -RRB- . The music is great fun -LRB- `` Merry Christmas , Baby '' , `` Sleigh Ride '' , and Here comes Santa Claus '' , for examples -RRB- devoid of the pretentiousness we 've grown used to in jazz and even R&B . Ramsey Leiws made it sound sooo easy ... the mark of a true genius .
 I agree with the other reviewers that this is an awesome Jazz Christmas CD . The Ramsey Lewis trio do some great jazz versions of classic Christmas songs . You will definitely find yourself tapping your toe along with the band as they put their signature sound to these songs . So , pour a cup of eggnog , and put this CD in your stereo for some smooth Christmas music . We play this CD every year at our Christmas party , and guests always ask who it is so they can buy their own copy . A must Christmas album for any fan of jazz .
 It just simply does n't get any better than this , Christmas just is n't Christmas till you hear these deep feeling tunes , just set back relax and enjoy .
 How surprising that no one has reviewed it yet -- Sounds of Christmas is the best Christmas jazz album there is . Along with Vince Guaraldi 's Charlie Brown Christmas , this is perfect , classic holiday jazz . Straight-ahead , not contemporary , embracing the sacred and the secular , it makes you feel at once joyful , reverent and Christmas-ey . The title original Sounds of Christmas and the other original Christmas Blues ought to be Christmas standards , they 're that original and that good . God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen is beautiful , just beautiful . Serious and bold like a Mingus tune , mellow like a Christmas evening with a crackling fire and a snifter of cognac . This is no compilation , it 's a true album . You wo n't get tired of listening to it , in proper order , even after the one hundredth listen . Enjoy .
 By far the best Christmas jaz music ever made . Santa Claus is Coming to Town is a classic . The Sounds of Christmas by Ramsey Lewis is a must have during the Christmas season .
 Great cd . The family and just put it on repeat . I could listen to it for hours . Thanks mr Ramsey
 Bought this CD and added White Christmas , Snowfall , Snowbound and Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas by Ramsey and now have the hipest , coolest Christmas CD ever .
 I remember this recording from my teen years . It was so good that I played it when Christmas was over . Great CD .
 This was a real find ! I 've always been a Ramsey Lewis fan since I 'm in w / the In-crowd ' hit of the ' 60 's ! A nice easy ` laid back ' compilation of Christmas songs . Add this to your Christmas CD 's , you wo n't be disappointed !!
 I own several dozen Christmas Jazz CD 's . How did I miss this one for so long ? It 's a winner from begining to end . The Trio really delivers some tasty versions of your favorite Christmas standards . Each nugget features a unique take on the song without straying too far from the original sound . Very upbeat and lively thtoughout . Not your standard , elevator jazz .
 I 'm usually not too keen on Jazz Christmas albums but I heard one track from this CD -LRB- Santa Claus is Coming to Town -RRB- on an episode of House and was completely taken by it . On most jazz recordings you can have a hard time finding the original melody -LRB- and that does occur on this CD -RRB- but the musicianship is so good that I tended to overlook that aspect of the recording . I like my Christmas music to sound traditional but this CD will definitely get a spot on my playlist for next Christmas.Michael in Ontario , Canada
 Great CD to listen to at Christmas . We loved every song on the CD .
 This album is over 40 years old and is still one of my favorite Christmas albums . Ramsey Lewis at his best !
 Sound of Christmas is a Ramsey Lewis classic . If you like Ramsey Lewis , You 'll love this . If you do n't know Ramsey Lewis but like soft piano jazz , you should try it . It 's a favorite for me .
 this was one of the best collection & Storys of a Musical Act that I have ever seen . EWF along with the Isley Brothers are my all time favorite Bands . this Documentary goes into great depth about the Band 's musical Legacy also speaking on the Importance of the Great charles Stepney & His many Contributions to the Band 's Success . also the Great era that included the Great talents of Al Mckay , Larry Dunn , Ralph Johnson , Johnny Graham , Anrew Woolfolk , Don Myrick , Ralph Johnson , Verdine White , Philip Bailey & the Genius of Maurice White . this Dvd explores the start , the Hghs , Lows & everything else in between . good Commentary by Nelson George . good footage as well of Al Mckay & Maurice White . a must have for EWF Fan .
 Before he became a household name as the frontman for the Bossa Nova craze of the early 1960s , Stan Getz was one of the leading tenor saxophonists of the 1950s . In August 1955 , Getz recorded `` West Coast Jazz '' in Los Angeles with four other relocated Easterners -- trumpeter Conte Candoli , pianist Lou Levy , bassist Leroy Vinnegar and drummer Shelly Manne . Despite the fact that this was not your typical `` West Coast '' session -- the playing was anything but cool or syrupy smooth -- these musicians , along with the Clifford Brown-Max Roach Group , would become synonymous with a harder L.A. bop sound that would become the new left coast standard . `` West Coast Jazz '' features great versions of Miles Davis ' `` Four , '' Dizzy Gillespie 's `` A Night in Tunisia '' and Gershwin 's `` Summertime '' among other cuts . This remastered Verve disc also boasts five songs not included on the original LP issue , two alternate takes , and a sumptuous gatefold digipak with extensive liner notes . For anyone who loves Getz albums like `` The Steamer '' or `` Award Winner , '' or Shelly Manne 's `` At The Blackhawk '' volumes , `` West Coast Jazz '' is where this sound all started .
 I 've shied away from Stan Getz in the past because I 've always associated him with bossa nova , and I get no listening pleasure from that style whatsoever.So it was by sheer luck , and my good fortune , that I was driving around a few months ago without a CD , searching through the radio looking for something good . I stopped when I heard some swinging jazz coming through a station . Not big band swing , but more of a smooth and smoky sound , straddling the line between bop and swing without being precisely one or the other . At the end of the track , I was quite surprised to hear the announcer tell me that that was from Stan Getz 's `` The Steamer '' . When I got home , I hopped online and sampled more tracks from that album . Good stuff - so I went out and bought the whole album , and have been loving it ever since . `` The Steamer '' was good enough that I knew it would n't be the last Getz I 'd get.After that , I read up a little more on Getz , and discovered that there was a lot more to him than The Girl From Ipanema . Since I had to go to Tower to exchange an unwanted DVD gift , I went thumbing through the racks to see if anything jumped out at me . His `` West Coast Jazz '' caught my eye , since it was mid 50 's pre-bossa nova , and a full CD of over 70 minutes . Plus , it had covers of Miles Davis 's Four , Dizzie Gillespie 's A Night In Tunisia , and Horace Silver 's Split Kick . Seemed like a no-brainer . Where have I been ? Why has this sax tone been hiding from me ? What I heard on `` The Steamer '' continues here . Sweet without being cloyingly so , cool without sounding pretentious . The trumpet on its own is not that harsh , but Getz 's tenor sax is so smooth that when the trumpet comes in , the contrast is that much more evident in its sharpness . Pick your favorite cliche - baby 's bottom , silk , satin - Getz is smoother than all of 'em . And the rest of the band who fills out the quintet is absolutely perfect . It 's Conte Candoli 's trumpet and Lou Levy 's piano that are the other prominent instruments here , with the bass and drums holding down the rhythm with consummate professionalism . I do n't listen to the Woody Herman Band -LRB- maybe I should -RRB- , but that band 's members who appear behind Getz support him perfectly . Nobody 's stepping on anybody 's toes . With more than half of the songs over six minutes there 's plenty of time for charismatic phrasing all around.No need to go song by song ; I 've only gone through this a few times , but every track can stand on its own . I 've already loaded this into my computer at work so I wo n't be without it.The only thing that would make this more complete would be if it were sold with a martini with two olives .
 Stan Getz , who died more than a decade ago , continues to be amazingly prolific!Verve has triumphed yet again digging another West Coast Jazz Classic out of the vaults and cleaning it up with a 20-bit remix.Sparkling , complex , a mix of up-tempo and ballad arrangements . This late 50 's CD sounds a lot like Stan 's 80 's work . Best tunes include `` East of the Sun and West of the Moon '' , `` Suddenly It 's Spring '' , `` Of Thee I Sing '' and `` Handful of Stars '' . Similar to `` Award Winner '' and `` The Steamer '' - all recorded at the same time . Buy all three . Jazz 's greatest saxophonist may be gone , but his legacy continues to astonish . Stan Levy , Getz drummer is quoted as saying `` He -LRB- Stan -RRB- had no limits ; he could play anything . The horn was an extention of his head . There were no barriers , the music just came out '' . So come hear Jazz 's most beautiful sax sounds come pouring out of him like a bubbling happy waterfall . Warm , and up-beat . For best results , listen on vacuum tube equipment , as it was originally recorded.by MY tough rating system , a clear four to five stars for a great classic . Getz albums keep vanishing , the originals at least , not the best of 's . Get it while you can , you wo n't be disappointed.His mellow music is a balm for a harsh world .
 What would turn out to be his masterpiece , Stan Getz had achieved another artistichigh mark when he released this blockbuster album in 1955 which highly showcased hiscool , profitable , but at times laid back showmanship to whom he was immortalized for.Recorded and released the same year , West Coast Jazz would even focus on the EastCoast - West Coast Controversy , which was a hot button topic in jazz circles and Getzone of a few jazz stars to settle the coast to coast score and set the record straight.Highlighted by an astonishing track set that is performed with absolute greatness , itfeatures a set of excellent takes on standards like the enduring opening track East OfThe Sun , while it 's well proceded by Suddenly , It 's Spring ; Dizzy Gillespie 's A Night InTunisia , Summertime , Serenade In Blue , Of Thee I Sing and Our Love Is Here To Stay , to whom he performed them with swinging merit and sophistication . Backed by a greatrhythm section that would include master drummer Shelly Manne , Getz gives his rapidfire take on classic jazz standards like Sonny Rollins ' Four and even two original Getzcompositions , like S-H-I-N-E , as he provides the energetic interplay . Just as timelessand fascinating as ever , West Coast Jazz captures him at his most lyrical , and alreadydigitally-remastered in it 's expanded format , his masterpiece will ring even brighter .
 This album takes me back to the summer of 1965 and some pretty good musical memories . I guess they called it `` West Coast '' because of the lighter , more airy tone that these brothers bring , as opposed to the hard-hitting bebop sounds from New York , Chicago , or Kansas City . A sound more easily connected to L.A. or Frisco , although Brother Getz is from Philly . Anyway , it 's a good sound , and he 's brought some sharp brothers with him . Conte Candoli 's trumpets ' been everywhere from Doc Severenson 's big band -LRB- Johnnie Carson -RRB- to Supersax , and beyond . So 's Lou Levi 's piano . Leroy Vinnegar 's bass has backed everybody from Lionel Hampton to Rollins , Dex , Dizzy and etc. , and Shelly Manne is in the top 5 of the greatest drummers on earth . `` East Of The Sun '' is a very cool , laid-back opener with some beautiful blues-like lines from Stan . Conte is a little more serious . -LRB- Good Solo -RRB- Lou re-relaxes with a very nice solo of his own , before a good closing solo from Stan . Mile 's `` Four '' , my foremost on the set , is introd -LRB- ed -RRB- by Shelley . This is an absolute swinger , as Stan and Shelley 's work here has been in my brain , although the record was lost in ' 94 . Conte comes up `` smokin '' , with Lou right behind him , leading to his own clean solo before Stan and Conte `` close out '' . Stan and Conte come out swinging the theme on `` Suddenly It 's Spring '' , then Stan is off -LRB- again -RRB- and swinging HARD , with that `` West Coast '' sound . Conte is muted , and cookin ' just as hard . Lou gets off another very competent solo before Stan and Conte divide up the closing . Dizzy 's `` Night In Tunisia '' is next . Lou has first solo here , and comes out jumpin ' just ahead of a hard-jammin ' Conte . Stan , never at a loss for `` swing '' , comes out doing just that . `` Summertime '' is almost a ballard , with excellent solos , backed by Shelley . `` SHINE '' is a high-speed , total JAM ! `` Split Kick '' is a Getz `` kicker '' . Notice Conte 's work here . This CD has about 7 more tracks than the record , which , also , makes it an offer that should be hard to refuse .
 Ignore the title `` West Coast Jazz , '' which Getz later would admit was a mere ploy to lure a certain segment of the early 1950s jazz audience . There 's nothing wimpy , intellectual , `` cool '' about the way these masters represent an African-American art form at its zenith . Lately , a discussion has made its way around the net concerning a video of Getz and Coltrane playing while accompanied by Oscar Peterson . The unthinking adulation , if not canonization , of Trane has led many critics as well as musicians and listeners who should know better to disparage Getz and Oscar to the greater glory of Coltrane.It 's true that Coltrane makes an instant impression with his incisive , arresting , edgy sound and his `` vertical '' approach , going to the altissimo register and pyrotechnical harmonics from the very first bar of his solo . Getz , on the other hand , chooses to follow Lester Young , submitting a Prez-like , linearly developed and melodic solo that moreover swings `` with '' the groove established by Oscar rather than all but ignoring it . Because many listeners are familiar with little else than Getz ' early 1960s bossa nova period , they assume that he 's technically limited!Wrong , wrong , wrong . Norman Granz delighted in putting him up against masters like Stitt , Rollins , and Diz on several Verve sessions on which no tempo is under the speed limit . But there 's one solo on this album that should settle the matter for good
 West Coast JazzHeard this on KJAZZ and just had to have it . Very cool . It 's my first Stan Getz CD .
 Buy it and you 'll smile every time you listen .
 This is an album in which Stan Getz et al. really deliver a solid performance play !
 The Discovery of Brazil was a work written by Villa-Lobos for a film that would commemorate the foundation of Brazil by the Portugese in the 16th century . This is one of the few works I have had the priviledge of hearing it for the first time in a live concert , which was the premiere of the work in North America which took place in summer of 2004 , a rather late date for such an old score . Despite all the music is not of even quality , this CD is worth entirely its price only of the final number - The First Mass - where Villa-Lobos mixes a Gregorian Chant , which symbolizes the European credo , and the indigenous chants of the natives in the Amazonas , this mix symbolizes the merge of the cultures . I think this is the only record available of this work , which makes it more recomendable -LRB- since the recording made by Villa-Lobos himself has not gone into the market -RRB- . A great work , and an essential for those lovers of Villa-Lobos ' music .
 Awesome is the only word that can discribe it ! I am now a huge fan and hope that he makes another CD .
 This was one of a dozen albums that I owned in college -LRB- vinyl , I did n't have the money for those new-fangled cd players back then -RRB- . It helped me to really love jazz . I heard La Plus Belle Africaine on the radio , remembered how much I love the rest of the album , and had to buy this one.I 'm not going to pretend that it 's in the same category as Live at Newport ' 56 , or Miles Davis ' Kind of Blue , but it 's a good solid album , the kind of thing properly enjoyed with a glass of whiskey -LRB- neat -RRB- and a pipe on a quiet evening .
 After hearing the last disc with Telemann String Concertos I was thrilled when I discovered that there would be a second cd with music by Telemann . The group has some new members . The most obvious change is in the continuo with a new cellist and harpsichordist to replace the outstanding Markus M&ouml;llenbeck and Christian Rieger . The former star of the group , 1st violinist Florian Deuter is also replaced here by Stephan Schardt AND surprisingly the Maestro himself , Reinhard Goebel who after an arm injury actually has re-learned to play the violin by holding it on the right shoulder instead of the left!I was actually a bit worried after hearing the latest cd `` Bachiana '' with the new ensemble . When being a fan of MAK you get used to absolute perfection in every sense of the word . Precision and intonation is always impeccable . I would never have reacted or been disturbed if I 'd heard the small imperfections in the cd from basically any other ensemble but with MAK you notice ! Sometimes the harpsichord is a bit after the beats and Schardt 's playing is n't always convincing.Anyway , the new disc completely wipes all doubts away . This recording is a blast !! The sound have never been so big , so symphonic and powerful . The characters of each piece are also very convincing . The continuo playing is absolute top class . So is the solo playing from the violins . There are some amazing pieces to discover here like the concertos for four violins and the suite in D with gamba played by Jaap ter Linden . Some people have a problem to accept and enjoy the , in their ears , extreme approach that MAK has developed during the last ten years . I think the reason is that this way of playing is still unique . Like when `` we '' started to play baroque instruments and a lot of people were sceptical about it . Let 's move on ... To play with full sound and to play with a real legato has been taboo in the early music b&uacute;siness . It 's time for some change ! I hope that a lot of people discover this recording and find out how wonderful the music of once neglected composer Telemann can be when played with great passion and sense of style .
 Telemann 's music has been enjoying an amazing resurgence , reminiscent of the renaissance Vivaldi underwent some decades ago . This disc is sure to secure the reputation of a composer much maligned in many musicological circles . The attractive collection of works includes at least three real gems , the Overture TWV55 : D6 for viola da gamba and orchestra , the Concerto for four violins and orchestra TWV54 : A1 and the Concerto ` Die Relinge ' TWV 51 : A4 -LRB- a recent discovery but recorded elsewhere on at least one other occasion -RRB- . There are also three concertos for four solo violins , played with rhythmic elan and radiant string sound . There is only one weak work , the Symphony TWVAnh50 :1 . Musica Antiqua K&ouml;ln does a superb job , injecting this music with consistent life , energy and elegance and this disc is warmly recommended .
 ... than Reinhard Goebel 's ` Musica Antiqua K&ouml;ln ' , more stylishly and excitingly , with better intonation and tighter ensemble ! I 'm fairly sure even Telemann himself rarely had better musicians to conduct . Yet Goebel 's brilliance seems to provoke a vendetta among reactionaries against historically informed performance practice , who would rather hear Saint Muffins in the Cow Pasture bellow on modern symphonic instruments at half tempo . Ignore such nonsense ! The whole point of such music is entertainment . If you do n't like fun , go away!And where is the fun if not in sheer virtuosity for its own sake ? The main course on this CD of ` Table Music ' is the 24-minute `` Suite in D major for Viola da Gamba , Strings , and Basso Continuo . '' The virtuoso gambist is Jaap ter Linden , a guest artist with MAK . Pitting the soft timbre of the gamba in concertata with a vigorous chamber orchestra of violins and cellos calls for some compositional virtuosity , also ; essentially , the gamba is exposed in cadenza-like passages supported only by the continuo players , and the full ensemble then responds in dance . The contrast works beautifully . It 's a little like seeing a gorgeous purple iris amid a field of yellow poppies.The five small concertos for multiple violins are all in major keys , a sure sign that Telemann intended them for pure musical mirth , but there are surprises to be heard , outbursts of wry chromaticism and piquant dissonance . MAK is famed for its daredevil tempos , but these pieces are ` moderato ' in every way . Reinhard Goebel suggests that Telemann wrote them as instructional models of the Italian manner for members of German court ensembles . In any case , they are more adventurous than they might sound , with the composer puzzling over the challenges of a concerto of several treble instruments with no or minimal basso.The `` Concerto in A major for violino principale , 3 violins , viola and continuo '' solves the compositional puzzle most brilliantly , and at the same time , indulges in some hearty musical humor . `` Die Relinge '' means ` the Toads ' in rustic German . Toads do n't croak , I hope you know ; if they vocalize at all , it 's closer to quiet birdsong . Telemann 's ` toads ' sing in enchantingly irrational chromatics.Actually , I 've never heard a performance by MAK that was n't excellent . Make of that what you will .
 Certainly not - but that 's what they almost sound like to me . I think there can be no arguing that on their newer discs , Musica Antiqua K&ouml;ln have the fullest , warmest , and most powerful ensemble sound of today - which does n't necessarily make them the absolute `` period kings '' , it all depending rather on the kind of approach most valid to you . This disc , now , will hardly ever become a Telemann favourite of mine . I remember being fairly disappointed with the selection of works - I always waited for Goebel to record Telemann 's overture suites for solo violin and strings , a project now thankfully undertaken by Elizabeth Wallfisch - for again he chose to unearth some of the composer 's most obscure creations , like three concertos for 4 violins solo -LRB- not really my cup -RRB- and the concluding `` symphony '' which is more of an interesting curiosity . As to the `` Frog Concerto '' , Goebel obviously had to do it , and of the three or four versions now available , his rendering of the gorgeous first movement is by far the most clear-sounding and convincing . And we do have a real centerpiece too , the overture suite for viola da gamba and strings , likewise not by any means unknown -LRB- there 's also a very fine recording by Camerata K&ouml;ln -RRB- , a towering masterpiece of the genre . Here , MAK and Jaap ter Linden deliver a thrilling - if somewhat pompous - listening experience full of the most exciting virtuosity . But alas , in trying to be different , R. Goebel occasionally lets himself be carried away , resulting in an unhealthy tendency to provoke and overdo , as evident in the suite 's Courante , which is played so fast it almost becomes ludicrous . -LRB- In string concertos vol . 1 , the viola concerto 's Andante was the one to suffer -RRB- . - If only he were able to cut back on antics like these , someday Reinhard Goebel might indeed be king .
 It 's so fine ! I love baroque . It sounds great in my car going to work , and sounds great on my high end system , too ! There are other companion discs in this series . Be sure to check them out also , or you will miss out . Worth every penney !
 Telemann
 A useful review of this CD on the Internet by J Scott Morrison led to a purchase and hours of enjoyment for me here in Australia . Three things are remarkable . Firstly , all the piano pieces in the collection are very short ; nothing exceeds three minutes in duration . Secondly , every rhythm , thread of melody , progression and harmony will recall Spanish music you have heard before , whether written by Spaniards or others . Joaqu?n Nin-Culmell seems to have discovered the basic elements of whatever it is that gives Spanish music its life . Thirdly , the piano writing is simple , spare and unpretentious . These are not virtuoso piano pieces ; they present a sound picture such as might emanate from a guitar.Joaqu?n Nin-Culmell , son of Cuban composer Joach?n Nin , was brother to writer Ana?s Nin . His Tonadas were written between 1956 and 1961 . Barcelona born Maria Luise Cantos is the pianist , the sound quality is excellent , and Keith Anderson 's notes are useful for identifying the forms of the dance songs arranged and collected here , and the regions of Spain from which they derive .
 As I write this I am saddened to have learned of the death six weeks ago of Joaqu&iacute;n Mar&iacute;a Nin-Culmell -LRB- 1908-2004 -RRB- , composer , long-time professor of music at the University of California - Berkeley , son of Cuban composer Joaqu&iacute;n Nin , brother of famed writer Anas Nin . This CD , issued in 1994 , has long been in my collection and I am a little surprised to find it was never reviewed here at Amazon.The four books of Tonadas were written between 1956 and 1961 . ` Tonada ' simply means melody in Spanish . And these tonadas are Nin-Culmell 's arrangements for piano solo of tunes from all over the Iberian peninsula . They include traditional forms like the Basque zortziko -LRB- what Alkan called the ` zorcico ' -RRB- , the seguidillas , mui & ntilde ; eira , baile , vaqueirada , jota , and even the mateixa from the Baleraic Islands , and more . Nin-Culmell studied for a time with Manuel de Falla and these pieces are influenced by the style of Falla 's similar works . They are fairly simple in construction but have exceedingly subtle and imaginative harmonic treatment . If you know the piano music of Federico Mompou you may have some idea of what these pieces sound like , although they are in general more outgoing and markedly more rhythmic that Mompou 's canciones and even his danzas.The pianist here is Maria Luisa Cantos , a Catalan who specializes in Spanish piano music . She certainly is able to imbue these 48 short pieces with the appropriate rhythmic feeling and characteristic turns of phrase.TT = 70:39 Scott Morrison
 Here is a wealth of colorful accessible piano literature for the intermediate to advancing pianist . These sound pictures should be more widely performed and listened to . The pianistic interpretation is very accurate and generally good , but could be more daring and flamboyant in some of the interpretation .
 I love it , it is becoming rare and hard to find but I 'm greatful I was able to lay my hands on one !
 I remember finding this album in Jamaica in the mid 80s and endlessly playing the record -- even made a tape copy for the car :-RRB- I had the CD on my wishlist for years and never saw a copy up for sale until I finally found one at a used CD store the other day . GREAT !! I had almost forgotten how amazing it is . Not quite as consistent as Rootsman Skankin - Electric City is filled with lame 80s effects and instrumentals , and Together sounds like something from a children 's album - it does feature two of his most heartfelt and well written songs , Tear in Your Eyes , and Home Sweet Home . Do n't wait on this one if you can find a CD copy , it is probably one of the rarest reggae CDs around !
 This 1985 album by Bunny Wailer is by no means , his best work . That honor goes to `` Blackheart Man '' . But `` Marketplace '' does contain some fine pop-reggae tunes such as Stay With The Reggae , Electric City , and Jump Jump . Plus the album cover is great ! I recommened picking this up if you can find a copy .
 Boris Nikoleyevich Liatoshynsky -LRB- 1895-1968 -RRB- is generally regarded as the father of contemporary Ukrainian music . Whereas his professor of composition , Reinhold Gliere , was influential upon him & others , Liatoshynsky had a greater influence upon contemporary Ukrainian composer , such as Stankovich , Silvestrov , Artyomov , & Baley . As composer , as well as professor & director of the Kiev Conservatory , Ukraine finally had its musical voice and its musical identity . Whereas Carl Nielsen was the voice of modern Danish music , Sibelius of Finland , Szymanowski of Poland , Kodaly & Bartok of Hungary , Enesco of Romania , Bax , Walton , & Vaughan-Williams of Great Britain , so was Liatoshynsky of the Ukraine.The 2nd symphony was completed by 1936 & revised by 1940 -LRB- revision forced upon the composer by the Soviet regime -RRB- . In many ways , the symphony represents a turning point in Liatoshynsky 's idiom & ways of communication . Whereas the 1st symphony shows considerable influences of both Gliere & Scriabin , the 2nd symphony noticeably rid itself of such influences -LRB- although Gliere was still on the composer 's mind to an extent -RRB- & what we have is Liatoshynsky in his own , identifiable language . His sense of communicative urgency & daringnes are apparent in this symphony as well in symphonies nos. 1 & 3
 I just finished listening to Lyatoshynsky music for the first time with this CD . What a real surprise it was ! I thoroughly enjoyed it . Lyatoshynsky sounds like early soviet era composers in that his music is energetic , colorful , and with faery tale/folk elements . The music has a real drive and was very pleasurable listening to it . I only wish he wrote more and that I `` discovered '' him earlier . To my ear , if one likes the color and volume of Gliere , the energy of Scriabin , the originality of Prokofiev , then they will surely enjoy this composer as well .
 Just thought I would let on that this album has some fantastic airy and hard hitting jazz . I have had this lp for 30 + years , my only complaint is that I have worn it out . I would love to have a clean cd version . I digitized the lp and cleaned off some of the clicks and pops . If you like jazz fussion I think you would like the album . I personaly could n't understand it if pretty much anyone would n't like this music .
 Voil&agrave; un groupe qui arrive avec un premier album excellent et tr&egrave;s vivant . Les m&eacute;lodie entre en tte tr&egrave;s rapidemment et vous fredonnerez les paroles simples tout le temps.J ` ai eu la chance de les voir en concert &agrave; Lyon -LRB- France -RRB- en F&eacute;vrier , et franchement a vaut le cout aussi !
 Dizzy Gillespie was still at the height of his powers when this recording was made in February 1961 . Having led the be-bop revolution with Charlie Parker , 15 years later this catches him with another fabulous band : Leo Wright - Alto Sax & FluteLalo Schrifin - PianoBob Cunningham - BassChuck Lampton - DrumsLalo Schrifin of course is now more famous as a film score composer who wrote the themes to Mission Impossible , Dirty Harry and literally hundreds of other films . He 's a great Jazz pianist as well.The tracks are :1 . Kush2 . Salt Peanuts3 . A Night In Tunisia4 . The Mooche5 . Interview with Dizzy GillespieThe highlight musically is `` A Night in A Tunisia '' which ranks as one of the best versions ever . The interview occurred on stage immediately after the concert and lasts for 18mins . Dizzy displays his usual sense of humour and is interesting to listen to . For example talking about Trumpet battles with Roy Eldridge at Mintons : `` Well it was n't such of a battle , because I came so unarmed , it was sort of a slaughter ... `` So this is great music , with a fascinating and frequently funny interview .
 This is a great album , with Diz and company in top form , when Diz was at his peak . The sound quality is very good , and captures the feeling and excitment of the live performance . I 've had this album since the early sixties , and it 's still one of my all time favorites .
 Good stuff - Dizzy 's style is , as always , raw and live . Not sure why Night in Tunisia is all the rage , coz for me the piano solo in Mooche is the insanest piece of music of all time , makes me want to scream , dance , laugh and jump all at the same time.Long live Dizzy !!
 This old bopper was smart . Come to think of it , in 1961 , when Electrifying Evening was made , he was not so old , either.Gillespi was not inrerested in free jazz or third streem or any of the emerging movements of this area . But he was not interested in recycling be-bop , either.Dizzy made a brilliant move in getting Lalo Shifrin . This kid had a uniquie ear , and was perfect for the type of latin music Dizzy wanted to do . Shifrin emphasized the flute and the melodic aspects of the bass . He provided a perfect canvas for Gillespi 's amazing inprovosation . This is latin music , but based of big melodies , dynamics and heavy bass lines . Full of life and the perfect backdrop for one of jazz 's best improvisors.You can here Dizzy whopping , shouting , having the time of his life leading the charge here , and anyone with half a heart or brain will have as much fun listening.Amazing album
 This music is some of the best jazz I 've heard in a while . I was n't all that into dizzy until I heard this and realized how he personifies modernity , and not just because these recordings are from the museum of modern art . I find this stuff every bit as mesmerizing as other 60s jazz like coltrane . I like it better than dizzy 's newport disc .
 Der Morgen Danach -LRB- The Morning After -RRB- in a amazing single . The first track is the Der Morgen Danach song itself . Beautiful and full of hope , the song presents the brilliance of the album it preceds , Fassade . The sencond song is Der Morgen Danach -LRB- Metus Mix -RRB- where some arranges are changed and the song is given a little more beat than the original , and its still very beautiful . Then comes the third track Nichts Bewegt Sich -LRB- Nothing moves -RRB- , an amazing piece . The closing its Vankina -LRB- Chained -RRB- , a soothing song in finlandese with Anne on the vocals . This is a ver good single , pretty case , amazing music . Will make a great addition to your collection !
 This title contains 16 Preludes and all of them are so good . But I especially love no. 10 . Because it remains fresh and vivid . Hearing this album , Always I imagine his glorious works of art -LRB- paintings -RRB- !! In his times he surely keeps very significant position as a composer and painter . I recommend This album to all person who is interested in Ciurlionis .
 Few bands carry so much emotion through not only a vocalists ' performance and words , but the music itself . Music played from the heart is not merely passionate ; it IS a passion . Many bands have false or exaggerated words most commonly being their pathetic pleas to fit in , get along , or just observing a problem in its totality - though based on emotion , there are few bands like this which truly can EXPRESS their emotion , and not necessarily through words alone . Evergrey is one such band , and this , the Swedish band 's 1999 sophomore effort , is a perfect example of this talent.Tom S. Englund is the heart and soul of Evergrey . A towering man -LRB- he 's well-over six feet tall -RRB- , his voice is not exactly a deep boom of dark power -LRB- like Iced Earth 's former singer Matthew Barlow -RRB- , and not exactly an incorporeal , haunting croon -LRB- like Opeth 's Mikael kerfeldt , -RRB- but rather somewhere between , with his own highly unique tone . He 's got a slight rasp to his voice which adds a feeling of tattered and melancholic agony . Undoubtedly Englund 's best performance on this album -LRB- and one of his best in his entire career -RRB- is on `` Solitude Within , '' the opening track to SOLITUDE * DOMINANCE * TRAGEDY . Just the first few lines of the verse show this
 Well I 've got the hat trick in Evergrey reviews , so I may as well do their fourth album and get the cycle . For those of you who are confused by my terms , I 'll explain , the hat trick is a sports term , primarily used in hockey as a term signifying the event of one player scoring three goals . The term has since evolved to be used in other triplicate events and I have written three Evergrey reviews . Get it!Ok , Evergrey has one more brilliant album left , their 1999 sophomore release , Solitude , Dominance , Tragedy , and of course the cycle is a baseball term for getting all available hits in a game , ie a single , double , triple and a homer , so hopefully this review is a hit.Tom Englund and company followed up their exceptional debut album , The Dark Discovery with their equally exceptional sophomore effort Solitude , Dominance , Tragedy and with this recording the the groundwork was set for the absolutely stunning In Search of Truth.Replicating the sound and style on The Dark Discovery , Evergrey relies upon their dark , gloomy , powerful , melodic , feeling of urgency and adds an even more demanding sense of urgency to the music . Inclusion of keyboards , strings , female backing choirs , cellos , harp , modify their heavy metal sound and give their music a full lush sound that continues to pummel the listener with crunching , power chords and the high octane singing of Tom Englund.The album opens with `` Solitude Within '' a blazing guitar crunching number and while the guitar are chugging , first a piano joins in and then Englund with his emotive style and always the darkness is present . Evergrey does a variable tempo on the next song `` Nosferatu '' which starts out slowly quickly building up tempo while violins and lady singers back Englund . `` The Shocking Truth '' starts out with the following monologue with continuing monologues throughout :[ `` we have evidence of a superior culture out there -RSB- -LSB- they come from ... god knows where -RSB- -LSB- maybe from outer space -RSB- -LSB- maybe from some other dimension of existence ... '' -RSB- The music is a medium slow pace atmospheric dark piece where Englund is in obvious agony over his real or perceived plight and it 's this darkness touched by beauty that gives this song so much emotion . `` All the battles that I 've fought and lostWhen I 'm asleep they comeAll the screams that I 've screamed unheardA week wounded soul `` The fourth number is musically similar to the first track , `` A Scattered Me '' is a song with religious overtones `` God you were my JudasYour deception killed my beliefGod you were my JudasYour deception ... '' `` She Speaks to the Dead '' is maybe the most powerful of the songs with a variable tempo , whining guitars and is again about religion or the occult ; `` FatherShe speaks to the deadAnd I 'll crave her confessionCause she speaks to the dead '' `` When Darkness Falls '' starts out very slow , dark and ominous working up to a fast almost speed metal pace and varying back with choir in the background . `` Words Mean Nothing '' is a ballad and `` Damnation '' and `` The Corey Curse '' picks up the speed again with similar dark haunting medium paced melodies.CONCLUSIONHaving reviewed all four of their current albums I have no doubt that Evergrey is going to be a force in the progressive metal music field for many years and though their sound is currently unique , it wo n't be long before other bands pick up on their success and try to emulate these Swedish prodigies .
 One of the darkest albums I have ever heard . I just listened to the album three days ago , over 2 years after it 's initial release and it is now one of my favorite albums ever released . When I first heard their new album , In Search of Truth , I have been addicted to this Sweedish outfit . By far , the best song on the album is `` Solitude Within '' , followed by the greats `` Nosferatu '' and `` The Shocking Truth '' . This album is just a floating mantra of dark scarred truths . I must say that I am very pleased with this and am really starting to apriciate metal for all that it is . Forget that , just buy this album , you WO N'T be disapointed...-MC
 this is comming from someone who 's music is not generaly liked at work . i 'm a diehard metal fan who works around country & Rap people . when i recieved this in the mail i imediatly put it in and had people amazed going `` who is this ... i like'em '' . the way he sings is incredible , he sings in a harmonized and powerful voice . solitude + dominance + tragedy is a great album , i give it a `` must buy '' to any Savatage fan .
 Okay , this was the last album I purchased after listening to all 4 albums of Evergrey . I have to say this record has something to it , it has a completely different atmosphere . So many songs on this record are so powerful in meaning and in music , listening to them atleast 20 times is not enough at all . Having the preachers voices in the background in a couple of songs defenitely touches souls in some way or other .5 Thumps Up !!!
 My first time listening to Evergrey came when they were supporting at an Iced Earth show that I went to in Seattle . They were pretty good live , so I decided to buy their `` Solitude Dominance Tragedy '' album for the heck of it . I was pleasently surprised when I put the cd in my cd player , this band is exellent ! Tom Englund is a powerful song writer and he clearly displays his talents on this band 's second release . While this album is dark and heavy , Tom 's vocals add a lot of emotion into the mix . I like every song on this album , but my favorites are
 I 've listened to heavy metal/hardrock music for close to 20 years now and this is the one record in 10 years that have made me go WOW ! At first i did n't think this record was much to have but it grew on me and now i just love it . This record is one that can and will stand the test of time . I 'm sure that this record will remembered as a hardrock classic if Evergrey makes it outside Sweden . Tom 's voice cries with agony and you ca n't help to get swept away along with it .
 Well I 've got the hat trick in Evergrey reviews , so I may as well do their fourth album and get the cycle . For those of you who are confused by my terms , I 'll explain , the hat trick is a sports term , primarily used in hockey as a term signifying the event of one player scoring three goals . The term has since evolved to be used in other triplicate events and I have written three Evergrey reviews . Get it!Ok , Evergrey has one more brilliant album left , their 1999 sophomore release , Solitude , Dominance , Tragedy , and of course the cycle is a baseball term for getting all available hits in a game , ie a single , double , triple and a homer , so hopefully this review is a hit.Tom Englund and company followed up their exceptional debut album , The Dark Discovery with their equally exceptional sophomore effort Solitude , Dominance , Tragedy and with this recording the the groundwork was set for the absolutely stunning In Search of Truth.Replicating the sound and style on The Dark Discovery , Evergrey relies upon their dark , gloomy , powerful , melodic , feeling of urgency and adds an even more demanding sense of urgency to the music . Inclusion of keyboards , strings , female backing choirs , cellos , harp , modify their heavy metal sound and give their music a full lush sound that continues to pummel the listener with crunching , power chords and the high octane singing of Tom Englund.The album opens with `` Solitude Within '' a blazing guitar crunching number and while the guitar are chugging , first a piano joins in and then Englund with his emotive style and always the darkness is present . Evergrey does a variable tempo on the next song `` Nosferatu '' which starts out slowly quickly building up tempo while violins and lady singers back Englund . `` The Shocking Truth '' starts out with the following monologue with continuing monologues throughout :[ `` we have evidence of a superior culture out there -RSB- -LSB- they come from ... god knows where -RSB- -LSB- maybe from outer space -RSB- -LSB- maybe from some other dimension of existence ... '' -RSB- The music is a medium slow pace atmospheric dark piece where Englund is in obvious agony over his real or perceived plight and it 's this darkness touched by beauty that gives this song so much emotion . `` All the battles that I 've fought and lostWhen I 'm asleep they comeAll the screams that I 've screamed unheardA week wounded soul `` The fourth number is musically similar to the first track , `` A Scattered Me '' is a song with religious overtones `` God you were my JudasYour deception killed my beliefGod you were my JudasYour deception ... '' `` She Speaks to the Dead '' is maybe the most powerful of the songs with a variable tempo , whining guitars and is again about religion or the occult ; `` FatherShe speaks to the deadAnd I 'll crave her confessionCause she speaks to the dead '' `` When Darkness Falls '' starts out very slow , dark and ominous working up to a fast almost speed metal pace and varying back with choir in the background . `` Words Mean Nothing '' is a ballad and `` Damnation '' and `` The Corey Curse '' picks up the speed again with similar dark haunting medium paced melodies.Song / Track List01 . Solitude Within 41/2 stars02 . Nosferatu 41/2 stars03 . The Shocking Truth 5 stars04 . A Scattered Me 5 stars05 . She Speaks To The Dead 5 stars06 . When Darkness Falls 5 stars07 . Words Mean Nothing 4 stars08 . Damnation 4 stars09 . The Corey Curse 4 starsTHE BAND : Tom Englund - Vocals / guitarDan Bronell - GuitarsDaniel Nojd - Bass / backing vocals -LRB- now out of the band -RRB- Patrick Carlsson - DrumsCONCLUSIONHaving reviewed all four of their current albums I have no doubt that Evergrey is going to be a force in the progressive metal music field for many years and though their sound is currently unique , it wo n't be long before other bands pick up on their success and try to emulate these Swedish prodigies.Remotely Similar BandsMegadeth , Mob Rules , Tad Morose , Superior , DGM , Threshold , Iron Maiden , GB Arts
 This album was the last I owned of the first 4 albums . I find myself listening to Solitude the most . This album is darker and more depressing than Recreation Day and Truth . Critics are always bashing Tom Englund and I ca n't figure it out . Tom makes Evergrey . Great singer . Solitude is a great progressive metal gem . Listen to A Sacttered Me , The Shocking Truth , and Solitude Within . All great !
 Evergrey certainly have a unique style , writing dark conceptual albums of supernatural/alien/psychological menace and inner struggle in a modern gothic manner . Their music is laced with emotive , intense vocals and dramatic , heavy yet melodic instrumentation . Very cool , unique and interesting music which incorporates both progressive elements as well as a very melodic sensibility , making it accessible for mainstream listeners , yet engrossing for fans of progressive music . `` Solitude , Dominance , Tragedy '' is a fantastic tour-de-force , and exceptionally well realized , both musically and lyrically . Extremely well performed and written , with technical and progressive guitar -LRB- flashy guitar solos and complicated , lengthy songs and melodic interludes -RRB- and keyboards which never detract or distract from the music itself . From what I can gather , this disc is a concept album about a secret coven of vampires ... very gloomy and menacing , yet tastefully done ... one of the better `` gothic '' modern metal albums ever . For metal fans who like intelligent originality ... definately recommended !
 This is the Second Evergrey album . -LRB- the first is sold on their site -RRB- This album howeer is a lot better than the first album , and you will find that the next 2 albums after this better than this one . However since I judge an album by itself , it is very much 5 stars . But if you want to check out Evergrey , Go for In Search of Truth or Recreation Day -LRB- Limited Version -RRB- . Now onto my review of the songs on this album
 Have to put in my review after noticing the ` one-star ' rating that was listed ... if you have even the slightest interest in melodic power metal with some interesting twists and conceptual lines , then this cd will be worth the import ticket . It 's the kind of album that takes several listens for it 's unique approach to really be appreciated . Those are usually the keepers . This cd still crackles and crunches with life after over a year of heavy spinning ... very good stuff .
 I 'm amazed that this band is not huge . Each song is both brutal and beautiful at the same time . Take my word for it , every song on this CD is perfect . My personal highlight being `` Nosferatu '' , which I swear is gon na blow you away ! You really need this CD ... Buy or Die !
 This is an album that will stand the test of time!A must have for every metal head and non metal-head who respects his/her music collection ! Trust me .
 Tom Englund and company followed up their exceptional debut album , The Dark Discovery with their equally exceptional sophomore effort Solitude , Dominance , Tragedy and with this recording the the groundwork was set for the absolutely stunning In Search of Truth.Replicating the sound and style on The Dark Discovery , Evergrey relies upon their dark , gloomy , powerful , melodic , feeling of urgency and adds an even more demanding sense of urgency to the music . Inclusion of keyboards , strings , female backing choirs , cellos , harp , modify their heavy metal sound and give their music a full lush sound that continues to pummel the listener with crunching , power chords and the high octane singing of Tom Englund.The album opens with `` Solitude Within '' a blazing guitar crunching number and while the guitar are chugging , first a piano joins in and then Englund with his emotive style and always the darkness is present . Evergrey does a variable tempo on the next song `` Nosferatu '' which starts out slowly quickly building up tempo while violins and lady singers back Englund . `` The Shocking Truth '' starts out with the following monologue with continuing monologues throughout
 A first rate beautifull compilation , with every selection a winner . One of my personal favorties . Great music and great soundinf too . Ella 's `` Spring Can Really Hang You Up The Most '' was for me , a revelation . All artists best work .
 Whatever Bill Frisell touches seems to turn to `` gold '' . And the sweetest punch is another in a long line of golden eggs.Add to that some great vocals by Cassandra Wilson and of course Elvis Costello and you truely have some sweet sweet punch . Drink it up !
 With apologies to the hip shaking , sneering , biter from Graceland , Mr. Costello is the only Elvis that matters to me . Having been introduced to E.C. only in the last 7-8 years or so , I 've quickly become a huge fan . He offers a vastly different approach to rock music and music and general , and I 'm thankful for his offerings . Being also a mammoth Jazz fan , I glanced upon this album about 5 years ago but did n't pick it up at the time . I had no idea I would be passing up one of my favorite albums PERIOD that I own . While only featuring Costello on two tracks this collection of songs from the `` Painted From Memory '' album are given the jazz treatment by guitar extrordinaire Bill Frisell . And man does he work em ! With a tight linup featuring Brian Blades and Don Byron -LRB- two players I was previously familiar with -RRB- the playing on these songs is tremendous ! And Cassandra Wilson lends her sultry vocals to an incredible version of the title track . This is truely one of those albums that defines `` good music '' . Feel free to pop it on while driving , relaxing or romancing . A must have !
 Sorry to post this review twice , but the other was posted from a different computer and is not grouped with my other reviews . Anyway , I 've edited it a bit here.If you asked the average Bill Frisell fan what Frisell does , the answer would probably be about his guitar playing . Pressed further , the fan might mention his song-writing and compositional ability , the versatility of his repertoire , his ability to assemble just the right musicians for each CD , etc. , etc. . But I 'll bet you 'd get pretty far down the list before his abilities as an arranger would come up , even though his arrangments are always masterful . Maybe that 's because most of his albums contain mostly his own songs and we think of the arrangements asjust part of the compositions themselves . `` The Sweetest Punch , '' with the compositional focus on other songwriters , shows off Frisell 's skills as a master arranger.Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach sent Frisell a tape of the songs that ended up on their collaborative `` Painted From Memory '' record . The tape contained only rough piano/vocal versions of the tunes , and Frisell arranged and recorded his interpretations at the same time Costello/Bacharach were developing and recorded theirs . Neither heard what the other was doing until they were both finished.The songs themselves are , as you would expect , wonderful . If your snobbish side thinks the music of Mr. Bacharach to often be a bit ... light , you might remember that he is one of the great masters of melody in the popular song during the last four decades or so . If you think his fare might be too light for interesting interpretation by someone of Frisell 's depth , remember that you might arch an eyebrow if you heard a jazz great was arranging songs from Disney movies , too , until you heard Coltrane 's readings of `` My Favorite Things '' and `` Chim Chim Cherree . '' Frisell takes the beautiful raw material of these songs and shows he is as skillful an arranger as he is a guitar player.I am reminded of Gil Evans 's work with Miles Davis when I listen to this record . Just the right blend of harmonic and textural complexity and spareness reveal the sweet essence of these songs while developing the passion at their , core . The arrangements are for mostly winds , no strings except those on Frisell 's guitar . Strings would have made these songs too sappy , but the wind arrangements allow sonorities and a percussiveness that bring out the dignity in them and an Elvis Costello edginess . Frisell 's guitar , always restrained and tasteful , is downright self-effacing here , with only a few screamer , Frisell-guitar moments . No matter . Frisell 's special genius is here anyway , realized largely through other instruments , but with his unmistakable signature touch just the same .
 When Painted by Memory came out last year , I had trouble deciding how good the songs on it really were. , Judgement was obscured by the contrasting production style that contained both lush and carefully planned orchastration to back up the free-floating vocals of Mr. Costello . Perhaps one album should have been done with the lush orchastration supporting a more appropriate voaclist such as Luthor Vandross or Elvis himself could have done simple piano and voice versions of these songs with his pianist , Steve Nieve ... but anyway , here now is this beuatiful album , successful in displaying the melody in these songs without drowing them in oversentimental backing . The rearrangement of `` Toldeo '' with Elvis on vocals -LRB- singing WONDERFULLY , the best I 've ever heard him , without a doubt a HUGE improvement on Painted by Memory -RRB- gets to the core of the song by having the ensemble trade off the vocal to convey the sitaution at hand . `` I Still Have that Other Girl '' is now a short , almost playful duet with Cassandra Wilson , who also sings `` Painted by Memory '' barroom style with a low husky voice backed only by Bill Frisell 's solo guitar , making one wish the whole album were done with vocals ... that is , until `` The Sweetest Punch '' and the rest of the album are taken in , not only proving how good these songs really are , but standing out as wonderful album on it 's own right that should be hailed as one of the best of the year .
 ... that never fails to lift my spirits.Yes , I could do without the vocals , which seem to break the spell -LRB- although I 'm even beginning to appreciate what they attempt -RRB- , but the rest is so fine I end up not caring.A project like this is probably destined to please no one . Jazzers will disdain it as a commercial ploy . Popsters will regard it as too esoteric.They 'd be wrong . You 've got to take this kind of sui generis outing on it own terms -- gorgeous , mesmeric , pop-jazz of the highest order . Nothing more , nothing less.With its line-up of brilliant , top drawer , scintillating players , it would be hard to imagine how this could not succeed . And it does , gloriously . Brian Blade -LRB- drums -RRB- , Don Byron -LRB- clarinet , bass clarinet -RRB- , Billy Drewes -LRB- alto sax -- one of THE most underrated players on the scene -RRB- , Curtis Fowlkes -LRB- trombone -- a monster on the NY downtown scene -RRB- , Ron Miles -LRB- trumpet -- one of the most innovative voices on his instrument to come along in ages -RRB- , and leader Frisell keeping everyone honest and focused -- one could hardly imagine a suppler , more creative band.If things seem a little `` arrangement heavy , '' lacking in stunning solo improv work , that 's just the nature of this project . It 's senseless to ask music to be something it was n't intended to be , and this , simply , is n't a heavy improv session . Does that somehow diminish it ? I do n't think so . There 's way sufficient group interaction and conversation to make up for any -LRB- perceived -RRB- lack of improv.I LOVE this disc . Really , it never fails to lift my spirits . OK , it 's not William Parker or Josh Roseman , but what it is , is pretty special .
 Bill Frisell , `` The Sweetest Punch '' *** 1/2 -LSB- on a scale of * -LRB- poor -RRB- and **** -LRB- essential -RRB- -RSB- A mostly instrumental rendering of the songs from `` Painted from Memory , '' the much ballyhooed collaboration between Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach . `` The Sweetest Punch '' is one of the most rewarding jazz-pop experiments yet . With its coloration 's , airy expanded melodies and tangy '60s - meet - '90s flavor , the `` alternative '' version easily surpasses the 1998 original-credit for which goes to arranger , guitarist and master eclectic Bill Frisell.Recorded shortly after `` Painted , '' but before Frisell heard more than piano demos of the songs , `` Punch '' features the crooning intensive Costello on one tune , the cool dark-bodied Cassandra Wilson on another and the two vocalists on a third . But as played by a remarkable septet including clarinetist Don Byron , trumpeter Ron Miles , saxophonist Bill Drewes and trombonist Curtis Fowlkes , all of the numbers sing . The music fills the room like a soundtrack for a movie romance you 'd give anything to see . - Lloyd SachsChicago Sun-Times 09/26/99 Showcase section , page 13
 If you asked the average Bill Frisell fan what Frisell does , the answer would probably be about his guitar playing . Pressed further , the fan might mention his song-writing and compositional ability , the versatility of his repertoire , his ability to assemble just the right musicians for each CD , etc. , etc. . But I 'll bet you 'd get pretty far down the list before his abilities as an arranger would come up . `` The Sweetest Punch '' shows Frisell as a master arranger.Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach sent Frisell a tape of the songs that ended up on their collaborative `` Painted From Memory '' record . The tape contained only rough piano/vocal versions of the tunes , and Frisell arranged and recorded his interpretations at the same time Costello/Bacharach were developing and recorded theirs . Neither heard what the other was doing until they were both finished.The songs themselves are , as you would expect , wonderful . If your snobbish side thinks the music of Mr. Bacharach to often be a bit ... light , you might remember that he is one of the great masters of melody in the popular song during the last four decades or so . If you think his fare might be too light for interesting interpretation by someone of Frisell 's depth , I 'm sure people might have arched an eyebrow over John Coltrane 's use of songs from Disney movies , too , until they heard `` My Favorite Things '' and `` Chim Chim Cherree . '' Frisell takes the beautiful raw material of these songs and shows he is as skillful an arranger as he is a guitar player.I am reminded of Gil Evans 's work with Miles Davis when I listen to this record . Just the right blend of harmonic and textural complexity and spareness reveal the sweet essence of these songs while developing the passion at their , core . The arrangements are for mostly winds , no strings except those on Frisell 's guitar . Strings would have made these songs too sappy , but the wind arrangements allow sonorities and a percussiveness that bring out the dignity in them and an Elvis Costello edginess . Frisell 's guitar , always restrained and tasteful , is downright self-effacing here , with only a few screamer , Frisell-guitar moments . No matter . Frisell 's special genius is here anyway , realized largely through other instruments , but with his unmistakable signature touch just the same .
 if there 's one thing i 'm sure of , it 's that this album is amazing . aside from the fact that Frisell 's arrangements were NOT built on those of Costello and Bacharach -LRB- at least not their finished versions -RRB- , the Sweetest Punch is a very pleasent listen . it is ridiculous to believe that Frisell could not have `` added '' something to the songs , since he put all the flesh onto the originally skeletal pieces he received . and about the strange sound noted by one reviewer , that 's frisell-style for ya ... lots of wavering chorus . good job , bill and crew .
 These songs are great , but what really makes it is the production , arrangements and studio musicians . It is really perfect .
 This was a ca n't - miss concept , and the result was even greater than I assumed it would be . Frisell proves himself as an imaginative orchestrator , never heavy-handed . The feeling of the album is light but substantive , effervescent but always grounded in the deep well of musicianship brought to the project by Frisell , Costello/Bacharach , and a lineup that includes such giants as Brian Blade , Don Byron and Cassandra Wilson .
 Sometimes sparse , sometimes lush arrangements of a superb set of songs . Bill Frisell 's signature guitar sound echoes both actually and figuratively throughout the set , and lends thoughtful interpretation . The infrequent other solos sound a little unpolished , but it 's in line with the rest of the straightforward approach to this album as a whole . Being so familiar with the original album , this took some getting used to . Mind you , it took me a while to appreciate Gil Evans , too .
 As you may know , Bryan Adams was on a high point of his career back in 1992 , in this CD you can hear him talk about that year , this interviwe was made in 1994 or 95 . He talks about `` Reckless '' , `` Waling Up The Neighbours '' and his first greatest hits album `` So Far So Good '' , he talks about his hits , and how he wrote 'em . This package includes a biography book with a lot of pics of BA with other rock stars such as Sting , Bono and Tina Turner , just to name a few .
 I have been a Bryan Adams fan for a LONG time and this is unique . This is my favorite interview disc by far .
 Tina still has it . Her band is the best I 've ever seen or heard ! My only problem with this DVD is the fact that the band - no matter how spectacular it sounds - over-powers Tina 's voice . Still the DTS is amazing ! Song selection is terrific !
 Man , if you do n't feel like you 've been entertained after watching this one , you must not like to rock ! Great sights and sounds
 I bought the Wildest Dreams Tour DVD many years ago and it is still the best Tina Turner Concert I have seen - in my own biased opinion . Everything is on point from the band , dancers and of course Tina herself . It made me get up and dance . I gave the DVD as a present to my girlfriend and it made her get up and dance too ! Treat yourself to a good time with this one .
 Okay This is just amazing ... I was a little bit skeptical about getting it at first because Tina was in her mid 50 's . However She is the LIVING PROOF that AGE does n't Mean a Thing ! . She TORE it up on every Single song ! This is Why she is the most successful Black Touring artist of all time . LEGEND
 Tina Turner Live at Amsterdam ... well worth the price.Very well produced and superbly edited . Truly one of the great live acts in Rock .
 I sat here hardly moving until around 3:00 am watching Tina -LRB- my not so secret love -RRB- and her band . My opinion may be a little subjective but she was/is astounding . How some one can sing / entertain for 1 hr . and 45 min . the way she does is truely amazing.I play her cd 's when I 'm working in my garage , endlessly and I can imagine seeing her .
 I HAVE BEEN FORTUNATE , -LRB- SINCE 1984 @ THE RITZ -RRB- TO HAVE THE HONOR OF ATTENDING ALL CONCERTS . THE `` WILDEST DREAM ` CONCERT & VIDEO ARE STILL OUTSTANDING BECAUSE I CAN GO BACK IN TIME , AND REMEMBER AS IF IT JUST HAPPENED . I HAVE BOUGHT ALL DVD 'S AVAILABLE . I AM HOPING TO SEE A ` TINA UNPLUGGED ' . OR EVEN MORE OF `` BEYOND '' . KEEP SINGING EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! ADDICTED TO LOVE & TINA,R.T.MURPHYWIWICWON@YAHOO.COM
 I bought this one on the strength of all the reviews here , and am very glad I did ... the musicianship was superb from her band , Tina 's vocals and energy were world-class as always , and the entire concert was great to listen to and watch . The excitement from all the fans and the delivery , pacing and energy were exceptional ... very glad I got this -- excellent dvd . Would be great to see this released in widescreen blu-ray someday.-k
 Overall , I love this Tina Turner concert video not so much for the visuals as for the music . I do agree with other reviewers about how the videographer focused on the dancers anatomy and others when the focus should have been Ms. Turner . I hope Ms turner did not use the same videographer again .
 In the tour edition of Tina 's multi-platinum uk album -- Wildest Dreams -- her performance is absolutely striking . Filmed on location at the New Amsterdam Arena in Europe , this video is absolutely georgeous , with deafening sound and breath-taking views from almost every angle of the arena . As usually , her rendition of her classics such as ` Better Be Good To Me , ' ` River Deep , Mountain High , ' ` Steamy Windows , ' ` The Best ' and especially ` Proud Mary ' are absolutely magnificient . She also includes many songs from the album , including the singles ` Missing You , ' and ' Whatever You Want . ' Her dilivery of raw sensuality , along with a beautiful expression of happiness and dedicated entertainment keeps her Dutch Fans extra wild and cheerful . Absolutely this video will always be a memorable part of my life and hopefully yours , for rarely can one find an entertainer who is able to be so ruthless , but yet so very wholeherted and instills a happiness in the people who recieves the entertainment -- such genuine entertainment . Tina , you are and froever will be ... simply the best ! Your work will forever be appreciated by many . Thank you !
 This DVD came out roughly 3-4 years after I got to see Tina live in New York City in 1993 . This was around the time of the movie `` What 's Love Got to Do With It , '' and Tina was a stunning 53 years old ! Gliding across the stage for two hours in spike heels as if she were on rollerblades -- something you have to see to believe -- what a fireball of a show she gave that night ! I have had the privilege of seeing many great performers but Tina Turner remains one of the VERY best and it 's no stretch to say that it ca n't be topped ! Then , as now , I felt that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see and enjoy a legend in her supposed `` twilight . `` I recently purchased and watched `` Wildest Dreams '' and this live show given in Amsterdam brought back the glorious memory of that incredible show at Jones Beach in NYC . The only -LRB- very slight -RRB- disappointment of the DVD is the section when Tina decides to sit and sing two or three of my all-time favorites from her
 If you get just one Tina video , you are an idiot -LRB- All of them are amazing -RRB- but get this one anyways . This is one of Tina 's most memorable performance , raw energy and passion flow into her songs ; from the soul wrenching `` Proud Mary '' to the tear jerking `` What 's Love ... '' to the refreshing `` On Silent Wings '' the beauty is fatal .
 I mean it , Tina rocked the house down to the ground in Amsterdam , and this video captured the essence and beauty of the whole thing . Tina and her dancers bring the audience to their feet while Tina sings with the voice and legs of a goddess . The exitement is tangible . Amazing songs ... `` What 's love ... '' `` Proud Mary '' and so so so so many more . You got ta love it !
 If you ever wonder how a 60 year old soul/pop/rock star can still draw the attention of 150000 fans , then buy this dvd . Tina is pure showwomanship pouring energy and sympathy over a raving dutch crowd . The director keeps our attention focused on the whole setting and leaves us wanting for more . The Greatest Hits format of the concert is wonderful and the sound quality is great ! Also note the lip synch that the stage screen and live Tina accomplish in River Deep , Mountain High and the coreography involved in the Goldeneye number . Great dvd , BUY IT !
 This was the first music dvd that I bought . This was the best show I ' v seen in a long time . I did n't get the DTS version because I did n't know it existed until today , so I ordered it . I cant imagine it will sound any better than it does now . The regular Stero version still came thru on my reciever with 5.1 and it sounded great . Cant wait to hear the DTS version . She puts on a great show and really cranks it up . At 56 I dont know how she does it ... Its Fantastic
 Not as good as the sound on the DTS Laserdisc , but a must for every DVD collector ! About the performance ... No need to say anything . GREAT like she has been a great performer for the last 40 years !
 My wife thoroughly enjoyed this DVD , saved me from the fact I did not get her tickets to the concert !
 I will try to be as bried/concise as possible : `` Live in Amsterdam
 This is a must for a music and TINA loverListen to the acoustic section in the middle !!!!!!!! When can i get this on BLU RAY ???????????? This is a must in every music video collectionSverre from Norway
 I am from Italy , so ... sorry for my english : - -RRB- This was my first purchase on Amazon.com ... . It was PERFECT !!! Good price , fast shipping ... what else ... Amazon is the most professional seller that I never met !!! Thank you !!!
 I purchased 12 copies of this DVD to give as Christmas presents . As far as I 'm concerned you ca n't get any better than Tina in this concert video/DVD ... . GO TINA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the best concert DVD ever . I bought it several years ago for the first time after seeing Tina in concert in State College , PA during her Wildest Dreams tour . It was like watching it live all over again . I have worn out my DVD and will be purchasing a new one . I just saw Tina live again in Philadelphia , PA on November 29 , 2008 and she still gives a performance that is phenomenal . I can only hope this most recent tour Tina gives at age 69 will be released on DVD so I can watch it at home because she is `` Simply The Best ''
 This DVD is great -- Tina is on top of her game ! A must for all Tina fans ...
 I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT THIS DVD WAS EVERYTHING I THOUGHT AND MORE AND IT MET EVERY EXPECTATION I THOUGHT ...
 Absolutely fantastic DVD . A must see for any Tina fan .
 If you into sound , you 'll love this disk.My hat is off to the engineers
 The woman known to rock and roll history as Tina Turner proves once again why she is , and will always be , the `` Queen of Rock and Roll . '' Fiery and dynamic .
 Warning
 Turner 's `` Wildest Dreams '' European tour was one of the most succesful ever of the continent and this David Mallet produced video and DVD helps to explain why . Playing to a packed stadium in Amsterdam Turner is in fine vocal and physical form throughout . From the opening `` Whatever You Want '' to the emotional closing number `` On Silent Wings '' Tina keeps the crowd on their feet and under her very impressive spell . While their is no substitute for seeing her live this video showcases this living legend 's talents well . Includes
 Make this your precursor to Tina 's Twenty-Four Seven tour this spring/summer ... Digs Tina 's steamy performances of `` Goldeneye '' and `` Nutbush City Limits '' here ... I can watch this twenty four seven , how ` bout you ?
 This is the greastest concert I have ever seen . Tina and the Dancers are so exotic and loved their different outfits . The band is the greastest -- just right for her style of music . Plan to see her when she comes to Minneapolis , MN .
 I watched this video with some other people and we were glued to the TV.This concert was pure Tina and sensational . Her singing and dancing was , as usual , great . We especially liked the way they featured the members of her band , they are exceptionally talented , also . The combination of Tina and her band were mesmerizing.Nobody could sit still through the whole concert , they had to move to the beat ! Her songs are wonderful and at 68 yrs . old Tina is FABULOUS !
 Tina never mellos out during this show . She has powerand energy and ambition plus talent to back it all up . You will love wathching this ageless rock goddess wow and surprise you . She deserves way over five stars for this wonderful art work .
 Tina was great !! I never was a fan but think this was an excelent performance and I 'm glad I bought this one .
 Tina at her best . A wonderful concert
 first she started with whatever you want the people wher yelling and scream Tina tina . I was there and all icould do was jumping and isong here numbers with her . i was so proud that i was on a concert of Tina . at the other side i was feeling quilty because my mother wasnt there . My mother is died in 1994 and it was allways a big dream for her to see a concert with me . When Tina started with The best i was looking upstairs and i stared to crie because that was our favorite number.I think that she -LRB- my mother Was waching from upstairs . I felt that she was there . i Dont know if Tina read this letter but if she do i want to thank here very very much . I love here.Big kisses from Femke quatfass , the netherlands
 Tina Turner may be over 50 years old -LRB- or should we say young -RRB- but she is still the greatest live performer in the world ! Live In Amsterdam is really an amazing show from the beginning to the end ! Tina sounds very good , the stage design is impressive -LRB- watch Goldeneye -RRB- , everything 's done well!The concert was recorded during her Wildest Dreams World Tour In Europe in 1996 . She had over 120 shows on football stadiums and arenas in Europe alone -LRB- 250 shows worldwide -RRB- and again , she broke European box office records -LRB- she did that with her previous European tours too -RRB- . So , you want some action ?
 Tina is at her absolutely top form and energy level in this live show , incredibly effectively filmed , with terrific music , choreography , staging , filming , sound track . This is a `` must have '' DVD with all of tina 's greatest hits .
 The most important reason why you should buy this video -- which contains only highlights of the DVD concert -- is because you will find the REAHERSALS for the concert , interviews to fans and above all , an interview with TINA . That 's not in the DVD and it is a perfect complement for it.Image and sound excellent .
 DVD 's are meant to expand musical quality . This DVD does an excellent job . Tina 's voice is centered through most of the disk . Excellent frequency response from highs to subwoofer lows . the sound mixing was somewhat poor so I didnt rate this 5 stars ... i.e. when the camera focused on a closeup of a guy playing symbols the symbols were so quiet they couldnt be heard . Video was good for a live concert . If you like Tina 's music then definitely buy this DVD . If you dont like her music , I would still recommend it as a test disk .
 Tina is great . I bought this because of the song selection on the DVD . The only problem is when she goes into Proud Mary and the band kicks in after her intro for a moment and then she goes back to her intro the sound is distorted . I have a very good system and while this was on medium sound , the sound was distorted during this 3 second burst of drums and bass during the intro to this song . What is going on ?
 This was a a great performance . Tina is superb as are all her back up musicians . The production is great and the DTS sound is outstanding . You wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Miss Turner never fades !!!! She will always be number one !!! . This is a must see for everyone young and old alike !!!! Grrrrrreat Show !!!!!
 Tina Turner outdoes herself ! She really knows how to work a stage -LRB- almost a lost talent in the MTV era -RRB- , and the music is first-rate . It is no wonder that the entire tour was such an incredible success . Turner also surrounded herself with first-rate musicians and dancers . I heartily recommend this video to anyone .
 0NE OF THE MOST SUPERB CONCERT I 'VE SEEN IN A LONG TIME !!!! EVERYONE SHOULD TAKE THE OPPORTUNITY TO WATCH THIS !!
 Tina Turner has been a long time favorite of mine and after watching this video all I can say is WOW ! Tina has so much energy and excitement , and it really comes through in this concert . There is n't a dull moment , even during the slower numbers . It 's obvious that Tina was having a ball ! I want more ! Go Tina !
 I love , love this DVD ! I first got a chance to see this concert when it aired as a HBO special years back . This DVD is great ! It is nothing like going to a Tina Turner concert but this is the next best thing .
 First , let me start off by saying , I bought this DTS DVD before I even had the surround speakers , and I would n't watch it until I got it all set up . It was worth the wait ! If you like Tina , and even if you do n't -LRB- this will change your mind -RRB- and you want to see an incredible concert DVD get this ! Tina is amazing . Her version of Proud Mary rocks , and it is hands down the best song & dance routine I have ever seen ! Her dancers are outstanding and have to give their all to keep up with Tina . It 's like Tae Bo x 10 ! Also , her musicians rock the house . Get it , you 'll enjoy it !
 This fabulous concert video was filmed in Amsterdam in the Amsterdam arena on DEcember 6th , 1996 . It was part of the Wildest Dreams World Tour which played to over 3.5 million people and delivered 250 concerts . The setlist includes Whatever You Want , Do What YOu Do , River Deep Mountain High , Missing You , Wildest Dreams -LRB- on the DVD version only -RRB- , Goldeneye , Private Dancer , We Dont Need Another Hero , Lets Stay Together -LRB- on DVD version only -RRB- , I Cant Stand The Rain , Undercover Agent For the Blues , Steamy Windows , Givin It Up For Your Love , Better Be Good -LRB- on the DVD version only -RRB- , Addicted To Love , The Best , Whats Love Got To Do With It , Proud Mary , Nutbush City Limits , and finished with On Silent Wings . The DVD version also has the video Something Beautiful Remains .
 I read the reviews on Amazon.com and bought it -LRB- DVD -RRB- on the strength of the ratings . It is , without dispute , the best concert I have ever seen . We have a 63 '' big screen and a full digital pro-logic system . I felt like I was there ! `` Missing You '' , on the DVD is spellbinding as are most songs . The musicians are extreme professionals and the dancers did not miss a beat . If you can only have ONE concert DVD , this is the one to have ! It is crisp , flawless and breathtaking . I thought I knew her music , now I do n't know if she could beat this one . It 's like Michael Jackson 's `` Thriller '' ... one of a kind , never repeated in it 's intensity . Get it !!!
 I 'm a huge Tina fan . I 've been to most of her concerts . I have several of her DVD 's and , without a doubt , this is the best of the lot.The sound -LRB- DTS -RRB- is unbelievable and the song selection is great . It 's hard to believe she 's as old as she is . Her stage presence and energy are tops.If you want to have at least one Tina DVD , this is the one to have .
 Without doubt the best concert in dvd ever made . My library contains 47 dvd concerts and this non-stop , energy filled tribute to old fashioned rock and roll is the best . Crank up the volume . The louder the better . How does that lady maintain the pace ? The sound mixing is superb . Every scene tells a story . Your jaw will drop . By the time it 's over you 'll be either up dancing or completely exhausted , or both . Now , I dare someone to find a better live concert .
 Well , I did n't have any previous records from Tina , in DVD or CD . I bought this DVD due to the great reviews it had in Amazon , and since I really love sound and was told this could test my system to the limit , I bought it.This is definitely one of the best buy decisions I made.This DVD is more than music . It 's an experience . From the dynamic cameras , the music , the performance -LRB- dance and sing -RRB- , the public -LRB- man , it * feels * like if you were there -RRB- , everything will remind you WHY you inverted a lot of money into your system and what kind of experiences you can get out of it.The DVD is long , takes many of Tina greatest songs , performed by a 100 % magnetic and inspired singer , with outstanding musicians and fantastic dancers.I always show two DVDs to people . With the first , Eagles
 I caught this tour when she hit Knoxville in ' 97 , and it was the first major concert I had ever been to . What a way to start out , huh ? This DVD captures the energy and excitement of her show in a way that 's fantastic ! The picture is clear , the sound is SO awesome , the camera work is fantastic.The ONLY drawback to this disc is that at times you can tell audio from one show is used for video from another , so that it appears that she 's lip-syncing , when Ms. Turner does n't resort to such tricks . The show was recorded over three nights , in front of over 150,000 people , so I guess some sloppy editing work is in evidence here . This , remarkably , does n't take anything away from her performance in this show . The lady is astounding ! I can only hope and pray that I have half that much energy when I 'm 56 ! Wow ! She moves all over the stage , usually VERY energetically , and she looks SO sexy and beautiful!Her musicians and dancers deserve some good attention here , as they back her up beautifully.All her old hits are featured here , along with some new ones from her ` Wildest Dreams ' disc , which I might add , is a great disc . The main highlight for me , I guess , is ` Proud Mary ' . This song is coreographed and performed so perfectly , the fact that it was written by , performed first by , and belongs to Creedence Clearwater Revival never enters your head for a moment . What an amazing piece of rock-and-roll history we 're treated to!All in all , please get this disc , and see what this astounding , talented LADY can do to an arena full of complete strangers
 I wish I could give this more then 5 stars . This concert tour was Tina 's best concert . I almost did not buy this because I own this on video . When I recevied it , to my surprise , the DVD has four extra songs on it then the video . The songs are `` Wildest Dreams '' `` Let 's Stay Together '' `` Something Beautiful Remains '' and `` Better Be Good To Me '' If anyone caught Tina on this tour , here is your chance to own the `` complete '' concert for ever !
 After my disappointment with `` One Last Time '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- , I decided to give this one a try . As far as I 'm concerned , this DVD is a MUCH better buy ! Frankly , I was surprised at the few negative reviews for this `` Live in Amsterdam '' , I thoroughly enjoyed this one , both visually and soundwise , this was a huge improvement over `` One Last Time '' . There is also much better camera work and editing on this one . Tina 's raw energy and ability to hold an audience really shines through on this one , and it leaves no doubt as to what a class act she is and why she sells out arenas and stadiums , and even the guitar work and saxophone alone are worth the price of admission . I was really tempted to give this one the full five stars , but had to give it only 4 stars since my true feeling was for 4 and 1/2 . The only flaw I really noticed was that Tina 's voice seems to be weakening with age , which is to be expected , and I thought she had to struggle a bit in the higher ranges on a few numbers , which occasionally made her sound a bit forced , almost shouting the lyrics at times . But for the most part she gives you your money 's worth , and I have no regrets about buying this one .
 Whenever Tina Turner kicks off another world tour we know that one year later we can buy a great Live video !!! Live in Amsterdam is by far her best concert video ever ! Tina Turner will start a new world tour early 2000 ... I ca n't wait to see her live again and by 2001 we will have another concert video as a fond reminder .
 This is the best concert video ever . Great show and great music ! Tina Turner 's show still gets better every time she tours ! Now we have it in perfect DVD picture and DTS sound .
 One of the best music videos out there . Excellent start to finish and a fantastic addition to any video library .
 This DVD recorded in Amsterdam comes from Tina 's Wildest Dreams tour which was a spectacular success playing over 150 concerts to some 3,000,000 people . By the time this concert was recorded everything had become so familiar to the performers - instrumentalists and dancers , that the whole event progresses with all the natural ease of breathing.The track list contains 20 of her most popular hits as well as one bonus and features her regular band who perform with totally slick professionalism as one would expect . The three dancers complement Tina with dancing of great precision . Tina herself , is the ball of energy that she always is , with a tremendous ability to communicate through her songs and with her rapturous audience.The recording is in 4:3 visual format but is clear and captures the excitement and immediacy of the event . The sound is presented in DD 5.1 and stereo . This is cut at a slightly lower level than usual so the volume needs turning up to compensate and to add body to a slightly bass-light recording.As a compilation of a considerable number of Tins 's most popular hits performed at white heat this disc will be hard to beat . I would therefore expect it to be much appreciated by anyone who warms to the Tina Turner phenomenon and would suggest that this is a good 5 stars worth even allowing for the slight sound reservations as above .
 I first saw this concert on DirecTV and it ROCKS ! I love her band and the backup dancers , Karen and Sharon Owens and Cynthia Davila , they are all totally in sync . We own many concert DVDs but none are better than Tina Turner . I wish I could have seen it in person , but this is the next best thing .
 LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT . I exercise to this DVD , 30-35 minutes at a time . The music is great , Tina of course is great . BEST exercise workout I have ever had and the scenery is FINE , FINE , FINE . Thanks to all who make this DVD possible !!!
 I have enjoyed Tina since she began her career . This is one dvd you must have . Tina will not let you down . I ca n't say enough about her energy and talent skills .
 This is a great concert by Tina.Very entertaining from start to finish.Nowhere near as good as Tina - One last time in concert -LRB- which was brilliant -RRB- but still extremely good and a must have for any fan of Tina .
 Great DVD . If you are a Tina Turner fan , it 's a must have .
 I have to agree with the earlier reviewer that mentioned the bad sound recording on this DVD . The visuals , of course , are as wonderfully Tina as expected . I do n't understand how and why the sound is so `` strange . '' ... even though their are two versions -LRB- of the sound -RRB- from which to choose . I 'm not sorry that I purchased it , however . This is my favorite Tina Turner concert . The selection of material is perfection and the energy comes across like a volcano erupting . I love Tina more than ever , and look forward to her next DVD .
 An all-out blitz of excitement and energy . This concert dvd really sets a high-water mark for all other concert dvd 's . Tina is as good and as sexy as ever , the raspy voice is intact and capable of hitting all the high notes ; she and her talented -LRB- and sexy -RRB- band are relentlessly energetic ; there seem to be cameras rovin geverywhere and the video editing is smart and musical -LRB- which is rare in concert dvds ! -RRB- . Downsides are overall mediocre sound in DTS and some poor sound editing -LRB- the concert was filmed over 3 days in Amsterdam but some audio tracks were cheated from other concerts -RRB- . Still , these criticisms are minor as the overall impact is tremendous . I had my lawyer over for dinner - normally a fairly reserved woman - played her a few tracks and she was literally jumping up and down in front of my set going , `` Tina ! Tina ! Tina ! ''
 This concert dvd was filmed over 3night to 150,000 people in 1996 . She holds the crowd in her hands as she rip through 21 one old hits and new songs.Proud Mary & Nutbush City Limits were the songs she gave her all in this dvd.Tina seamed to be screaming on `` Private Dancer . '' `` Golden Eye '' was performed against a gigantic James Bond : Golden Eye backdrop.Tina Turner is a Proud Mary and she is certainly my idiol . `` I LOVE YOU TINA TURNER ! ''
 The following pertains to the DVD - DTS version only.This is THE concert that all my friends want to see again and again . For the `` philes '' that might read this , both the video and audio quality is four out of five stars ... not quite in there with the Eagles - `` Hell Freezes Over '' but this is a very large outdoor venue with considerably more variables . The surrounds are sparingly used ; primarily as crowd ambience and filler but still noticeable ... they definitely help fill the room.The thing that makes this so watchable is the woman herself . She so undoubtedly loves doing these shows for the adoring Dutch fans , that it becomes infectious not only to the viewer but also to her band members and dancers . Unlike some , I thought this was one of the best directed concert videos I have had the pleasure of watching . I do n't care for the constant barrage of one second shots which are way too plentiful these days . Having said that , the shots do frequently vary but , at least for me , it seemed to have a nice rhythm which added rather than detracted from the level of enjoyment.Others have said it , but once again ... Tina Turner fan or not , this is a must see/have concert .
 INCREDIBLE is only one of a few adjectives to describe this video . Tina is an absolute amazement in this performance . The energy never slows down nor does the music . Oh to look that GOOD when I am 56 . How she does it continues to baffle many . The band is great and the dancers really are into it . A must purchase video . Even if you 're just a hohum fan , this is definitely worth the price !!!
 This is a great DVD of a great performance . If you think Tina Turner is just `` okay '' , you 'll be a real fan after seeing her in concert in Amsterdam . Tina is full of energy , the dancers and musicians do a magnificent job , the camera work is exceptional , and the DTS sound is phenomenal . Among the best concert DVDs out there .
 bought this DVD after reading the reviews and I must say , this is the best music DVD I have ever seen . Increadable sound , fantastic band , great dancers and lastly , Tina is absolutely amazing . Buy this one at any cost
 I saw Tina line from row 5 in the same tour as the DVD but in Virginia , USA so I think I can say that this DVD with DTS encoding is about as close to being there as you can get . It really brought back great memories . The channel separation is exquisite . I also have the tape of the same show that I bought a year or so ago and there is NO comparison . If you have the gear , crank this one up !
 The Tina Turner DVD is in DTS and it sounds wonderful . The image is n't bad either , but it looks a little soft -- almost like it was filmed instead of taped . The concert was recorded in Amsterdam , so maybe there were some PAL to NTSL conversion issues . Or maybe the producers just wanted a softer look.This is a high energy DVD . You almost get out of breath just watching it . Most of the songs are up tempo and have lots of energy . Lights flash , scenes change rapidly . It 's very effective . I found myself squinting from time to time when a bright light was shown on my monitor .
 Este concierto es magico . Te trasporta y te sientes que estas viviendo esa experiencia dentro del concierto . No hay que ser fanatico para poder ver este expectacular concierto . Ella es una diva que merece todo el respeto y admiracion . Lo admirable de este es que ella es ella .
 Northwinds seems to have a good share of originality to their sound.It might be sort of tough to describe their work , but I 'll try.A French progressive outfit that blends old school Sabbath with celtic music.Would that formula even fly?It does here.Notice some truly inspired heavy guitar work along with some superb keyboard and flute playing on ` Great ... ' . A total of six cuts , with each one averaging eight minutes.Tunes I could n't get enough of were the title track , `` Great God Pan '' , their Sabbath cover of `` A National Acrobat '' -LRB- talk about covering an obscurity-great work !! -RRB- and the epic `` The Forest Of Koncerei '' . A real keeper .
 Gerard Victory 's `` Ultima Rerum '' is a triumphant homage to the power music has when wedded with words . The libretto to this massive oratorio , drawing on sources as diverse as the Latin Requiem Mass , Navajo Night Chant , texts from the Koran and poetry by Alfred Lord Tennyson and William Blake , to name but a small few , is a masterpiece in its own right , the excellent music it is set to aside.Victory conceived the work as a sort of `` world prayer , '' and in this he certainly succeeds . The piece is a tremendous and huge creation , cast into ten movements based loosely on the order of the Latin Requiem . However , there almost all similarities cease between Ultima Rerum and such Requiem collages as those by Verdi , Berlioz , or others . The Kyrie is a twelve-tone composition , while the Benedictus roars along shifting meters as the choirs sing atop one another.The Dies Irae sequence is amazing , combining the words of the traditional Latin sequence with a text by Alfred Lord Tennyson , while a sinister-sounding organ makes a number of striking appearances . The choral parts are dense and complex , and the combined choirs respond with verve and great emotion.The highlight of the work comes at its center
 Marco Polo deserves some credit for their series of contemporary Irish music , and this release of Gerard Victory 's -LRB- 1921-1995 -RRB- possible magnum opus Ultima Rerum is one of the most important -LRB- the recording was made in 1992 , so it counts as contemporary -RRB- . Victory 's was a prolific composer , and his musical language ranges from serialism and aleatoricism to modality and both functional and extended tonality . He used these diverse languages , however , with the purpose of communicating with his listeners ; communication always remained at the very heart of his compositional activity . Ultima Rerum -LRB- 1981 -RRB- is a symphonic requiem for soloists , choirs and orchestra based on texts from various religious and ethnic sources and displays the eclectic and pluralist approach . And there are many striking passages and wonderful music here -LRB- it comes across as mostly tonal and tuneful -RRB- . I am less sure it hangs completely well together in a truly coherent whole.It is in any case a colorful , religiously fervent work moving between the chilliest coldness and the most ecstacically exuberant joy -LRB- listen , for instance , to the powerfully positive Offertorium -RRB- . The movements are organized around the standard , Latin requiem , but interspersed with other texts -LRB- very effective in the final Agnus Dei , where Whitman is used -RRB- . It is hard to pinpoint a single style ; in turns , I was reminded of Vaughan Williams , Dyson , Ligeti -LRB- but much lighter -RRB- , Glazunov , Holst , Honegger , Britten and Messiaen . The opening Kyrie is among the least immediately approachable , mostly atonal but with a Britten-like turn of the phrase , and the following movements are written in an almost bewildering variety of styles . Best -LRB- apart from the already mentioned Offertorium and Agnus dei -RRB- are the mysteriously shimmering In Paradisum and the Benedictus.The performances are more than acceptable , but while the soloists are generally impressive they do sound strained at times -LRB- no wonder , really -RRB- ; Adrian Thompson , generally heroic , falls apart a little in the Sanctus . Virginia Kerr is fine , but there are a couple of ghastly notes at certain points -LRB- surely they should have been retaken , even though her performance overall is fantastically good -RRB- . Ca n't complain about Greevy or Thompson , with mostly secure singing even they also have their questionable moments in this constantly exuberant , flowing , tongue-twisting and melodically difficult , almost unsingable , music . - how Victory expected anyone to be able some of the fiendishly difficult lines is beyond me and it is to the credit of the soloists here that they so often come so close to succeeding . The choral singing is generally fine , but lacks punch -LRB- presumably at least in part due to the recording -RRB- - in fact , this is my biggest complaint about the performances . The orchestral playing is good , however , and Colman Pearce has the measure of the work and all its details . The sound is decent , but not perfectly balanced and too flat for comfort , with little depth . Still , this is a convincing performance of a rather striking work , one that deserves a relatively firm recommendation . Texts and translations -LRB- where needed -RRB- included .
 The music of Stephan Micus is music of the universal human spirit -- it usually winds up being classified as ` new age ' , but that does it -LRB- and the potential listener -RRB- a great disservice . This is truly music of all ages , of indeed any age.Utilizing his usual array of instruments -- nay -LRB- Egypt -RRB- , sarangi -LRB- India -RRB- , zither -LRB- Bavaria -RRB- , suling -LRB- Bali -RRB- , acoustic guitars , his amazing language-less vocals , and flowerpots -LRB- yes , flowerpots -RRB- -- Micus weaves the magical spell his listeners have come to expect from him over the years . This album is quite simply one of his most arrestingly stunning -- the music is ethereal and moving , possessed of a delicate beauty touched upon only in the dreams of other musicians.The recording is actually one piece of music in several distinct movements -- impressively conceived and performed , but without even a hint of pretention . His work is unique , being suited to concentrated listening , background or meditation -- but it is always alive and transporting . He has recorded and released 16 albums over the last 26 years -- and every one is a treasure .
 This is really a beautiful album . Micus plays all of the tracks by himself , on spanish guitar , zither , nay and flowerpots . The flowerpots are particularly interesting . They sound sort of like a marimba . The compositions are very interesting , and not at all sappy . I am sure micus cringes to see his music thrown in bins with world music and new age . It is not at all trite or commercialized . Some of the pieces include solo guitar , then some vibrant otherworldy rythmic flowerpot playing , back into solo guitar , generally quiet .
 Mosonyi seems to have had his own voice , this concerto and symphony are in an early romantic style but not quite like anything else I 've heard.The Piano Concerto though brief , is melodicaly substantial and a real hidden jem . The first movement is somewhat haunting . Then we have the liltingly beautiful and clever adagio con moto , followed by a truely sparkling finale . Of note is the creative use of woodwinds , and the wonderful piano writing throughout . Mosonyi expertly exploited the piano 's upper register.Symphony No. 1 opens with efective drama , before transitioning to the triumphant main body of the movement . And then theres the witty Adagio followed by an exuberant Scherzo , ole ' Mihaly could certainly write a tune . The Finale may be the least original , being slightly reminiscent of Beethoven 's Eroica . That said , Mosonyi really pulled it off . As in the concerto woodwinds feature prominently.Kormendi 's playing in the concerto is direct and effective , carrying the melodys well . The Bosendorfer piano used for this recording sounds amazing . The SSPO perform excelently with some superb wind playing.The SRSO are not the Vienna Phil. , but they are solid in the symphony . Stankovsky 's direction could have been livelier and perhaps more fluid but , this all just nitpicking . Overall this is a good performance of a wonderful symphony.Sonically the rcording , especially in the concerto , is demonstration quality .
 This album came out in 87 during the overproduced BonJovi years.Considering that they did a pretty good job.The Breaker remixes are great , basically making the snare drum sound like it 's in tune , and throwing some reverb all around.Restless & Wild is an album they didnt need to remix.The song Restless & Wild sounds better overall , but the backward snare sounds very fake and lifeless.Fast as a Shark-they paused when they were editing the beginning and it sounds like a bad overdub.The Im A Rebel album had decent production when it first came out , so they really should have left it alone , too.Just buy this CD to hear a better recording of tracks from the BREAKER album .
 It is the best compilation of the early yars Accept . Personally , it is their greatest recording for me .
 Handful of Luvin ' is clearly one of the best unsigned bands in the Northwest , and quite possibly anywhere else , for that matter . The singer/songwriter/guitarist , David John , sings with a passion and an energy unparalleled by most performers today . Fiddler Andrew Joslyn compliments David 's style perfectly , playing sometimes moody and sometimes exhilirating parts . Bassist Patrick Files adds a harder edge and skillful backbone , while percussionist Mike Knight fills each track with a professional sheen.Each track is beautifully constructed , emotionally devastating or uplifting -LRB- sometimes simultaneously -RRB- , and reminiscent of historic and great albums of the past while remaining unusually original.The highlights for me are `` Pedestal , '' `` Baltimore , '' and `` Blue Light '' but any one of the songs on this album could be your favorite .
 when you think that the album is sweet , see them live and be blown out of this world . Great show in portland , OR at Venue .
 Called the ultimate Halloween band , I do n't know since I have never seen them live -- but from the music , I can easily envision this for theme and theatrics . Do n't take that as a negative , I love them . The first time I heard them was a friend who had a lot of their stuff on MP3 and gave me a compilation cd . I made sure to go out and buy their original CD 's because I love their music and support them . Bands live off royalties of record sales and I will support them , after I listen to their stuff and judge to like them . I have been burned by too many one-shot wonders and big named bands -LRB- OH -- I loved -LCB- insert band name here -RCB- 's last cd , I ca n't wait to hear this one -- sounds of ripping off the celephane wrapping -RRB- only to have spent money on cr @ ... well you get my meaning.Seraphim Shock is a great band , full of energy and passion . This is the EP that they first put out , well worth the money and the time listening to them .
 great cd by this awesome gothic metal band from usa for fans of type o neagative , my dying bride , and marilyn manson . shock-rock gothic rock . buy it .
 A nice CD of Jay McShann 's work from the 1940s . Interesting features
 What a deal . A nice collection of 40 's small band blues and swing by McShann and friends . A great introduction to the world of McShann .
 Lithuanians believe that Ciurlionis is world famous , but he is probably very little known outside Lithiuania , which I think is a pity ! The only works of his that I have found on CD until recently are his symphonic poems , `` In the Forest '' and `` The Sea '' . This recording , and its companion volume 2 , is an excellent opportunity to get to know him better . It consist mainly of little piano pieces , a few minutes long . There is influence by Schumann 50 years before , but Ciurlionis is also 50 years ahead of his time sometimes . Ciurlionis is Ciurlionis ! You can go to sleep with his Preludes if you wish , or use them as non-intrusive background music while you are working , but you are likely to wake up suddenly with the reaction : `` Hey , that was good , which one was that ? '' . I believe that different pieces will cause that reaction in different persons , or at different times in the same person.The soloist , Muza Rubackyte , is a pleasant acquaintance , new to me . I will be looking for more recordings by her ! She plays distinctly , sometimes vigorously , and with great variation of expression . There is never any danger of these basically lyrical pieces becoming only `` beautiful '' !
 Canadian country blues . Catchy rhythms that will stick in your head . Listening to this album will make you want to go out and learn French . I can listen to this over and over again . Le meilleur !!
 A very good album , some songs a smooth and some others have more rythm - but it always touches whoever listens . Laurence Jalbert has a warm voice that makes you want to keep listening . Great buy !
 This performance of Romeo & Juliet in the free adapatation of Hubert Laws is amazing . If you are a jazz music hard fan and even if you have n't heard before this famous work of Tchaikovsky , don ' t doubt for a second . Colossal is the best adjective I can find to describe it .
 I just love this album . I have owned the original album since 1979 and when my eyes fell on the CD in one of our local shops about seven years ago now , I did n't have to think twice and bought it straight away . I still love to listen to it once every so often . The recording quality is just superb , especially on the acoustic recordings ! A jazzfunk masterpiece , with a great rythm section -LRB- Andy Newmark and Ralph MacDonald -RRB- , funky bass -LRB- Gary King -RRB- , Bob James on keyboards and the cool and sophisticated flute of the man himself . Huberts interpretations of Ravel 's ` Forlane ' and Tchaikovsky 's ` Romeo and Juliet ' are just awsome . Played with tremendous virtuosity , perfect timing and outstanding deliverance ! If you are in to jazz and funk but you love your classical music too , you are going to be hooked , I know I am !
 Originally had this recording on 8 track -LRB- approx . 1975-76 -RRB- always considered a classic to me.From `` Undecided '' to `` Tryin ' To Get That Feeling Again '' to `` What Are We Gon na Do ? '' just a complete album that I needed back in my music collection . My favorite Hubert Laws release.The fact that it is a Bob James production is also a plus .
 1 . Undecided -LRB- 6:07 -RRB- S.Shavers , S.Robin , arranged by Bob James2 . Tryin ' To Get The Feeling Again -LRB- 8:07 -RRB- D.Pomeranz , arranged by Bob James3 . Forlane -LRB- 4:11 -RRB- Ravel , arranged by Barry Finnerty4 . Romeo & Juliet -LRB- 7:41 -RRB- Tchaikovsky , arranged and adapted by Hubert Laws and Bob James5 . What Are We Gon na Do ? -LRB- 5:30 -RRB- Hubert Laws , arranged by Hubert Laws , strings and horns arranged by Bob James6 . Guatemala Connection -LRB- 5:43 -RRB- Hubert Laws , arranged by Hubert Laws , strings and horns arranged by Bob Jamesflute , piccolo
 The sound that Mr Laws can get from a flute is stunning - always in the center of the tone ; always in right beat .
 Having listened to & loved this album for many years -LRB- i bought it on vinyl while in high school -RRB- im blown away by some of the reviews . If you bought this expecting something with a lil more groove like ... . Say it with silence or his brothers -LRB- Ronnie Laws -RRB- presure sensitive , ill say it in EBONICS , this aint da one bra !! this is more akin to say , noel pointer or Earl klugh 's Heart strings . You only need to look at the title . ROMEO & JULIET . Go Figure . this is cool summer evening sitting on the deck with a glass of wine and that specail someone music . If you are a jazz fanatic , its a must have .
 This disc which is the result of a session in 1961 that features Johhny Hodges on alto sax with Billy Strayhorn as the band leader . Detail of the session is related in Lush Life the biographpy of Billy Strayhorn -LRB- pg 217 -RRB- . Briefly , Strayhorn was given free rein in providing new arrangments of songs by Ellington , Hodges and himself . In the 30 plus years they worked together Strayhorn used the Ellington orchestra to feature Hodges . However , this disc really puts Hodges in the forefront of the orchestra and the results are tremendous . Hodges , under Strayhorns direction gives top notch redendtions of 2 of the greatest songs they did together , Day Dream and I Got It Bad . I have n't stopped playing this disc , comparing the arrangements by Strayhorn and playing by Hodges against other Ellington discs . Another one you may want to try is `` And His Mother Called Him Bill '' which I think is Hodges greatest performance . Oh by the way , Happy 100th Birthday Duke -LRB- April 29th -RRB- We love you madly !
 And that goes for all Johnny Hodges fans too . If you hear a more lovely reading of `` Your Love Has Faded '' anywhere , I 'd like to know where . Hodges was at the pinnacle of his career and Strayhorn finally got some overdue recognition and lee way to do a fantastic album of covers and originals . Its unknown exactly what was Strayhorn 's and what was Ellington 's when it came to the big band 's compositions , but some of the very best are right here . Where `` Faded '' moans in an achingly beautiful way , `` Tailor Made '' and `` Juice-A-Plenty '' really swing ! It is important to remember that Johnny Hodges , while being a very articulate man -LRB- probably brushed off from Duke himself -RRB- could barely read or even sign his name . Thank God he knew how to play sax !!!
 Johnny was a notoriously diffident leader , so his other recordings as headliner -LRB- all small groups -RRB- , while featuring the most beautiful alto player ever , seldom have great arrangements or interplay . With Strays at the helm , this is probably Hodges ' most `` together '' recording.It is also the best recorded I 've heard -LRB- as you might imagine from the pseudonym , I have a LOT of his recordings -RRB- , including my Mosaic boxed set . Jeep has an incredibly delicate tone , and to appreciate the true majesty of his art requires the best possible reproduction.Side By Sidemakes a perfect companion . A small group session , again in sparkling fi , which -LRB- although Duke is on the cover -RRB- , features a rare glimpse of Strayhorn just playin ' with a small band . Duke plays on half the tracks , Bill on the rest . Bet you ca n't tell which is which without peeking at the liner notes.This is fun to play for people who `` do n't like jazz '' . Warning
 This is a great record . It fulfills my desire of listening to a good set of Johnny Hodges performances gathered in one album . The wonderful ballads or the wonder that `` I ` m Just a Lucky So-and-so '' or the freshness of `` Tailor Made '' are worth a listening . This is the way I wanted to listen to , I do n't miss new arragements . Highly recommended .
 Very nice playing , especially on the ballads like `` I Got it Bad ... '' `` Your Love Has Faded '' and `` Day Dream . '' Hodges ' solos on these tracks are achingly pretty and Strayhorn 's arrangements are elegant .
 A recent documentary has noted that it is difficult to distinguish the respective compositional arrangements of Duke Ellington and Billy Strayhorn , so in sync were they in understanding the men of the orchestra and their sound . Perhaps . I have long suspected that Strayhorn soon became the dominant arranger , and this album of well-known Ellington works retooled by Strayhorn may prove the point , though the synergy was probably superior to either 's contribution . Aside from such academic conjecturing , this album is outstanding . Johnny Hodges ' saxophone is at the fore , with his smoothed-out Bechet melodic lilt . ***** for him ! There is a soft , relaxed spirit throughout , evident in Jeeps Blue 's and even Juice-a-Plenty . A caveat is that Jimmy Jones is at the piano , so do not expect the minimalism of Ellington or the sensitivity of Strayhorn . The high resolution digital mastering makes this 1961 setting as sharp as a tack . This is a very fine addition to the Ellington collection .
 Listening to this CD has prompted me to start buying more music from this time/style . Sensuous , playful , teasing , mellow , tender ... just some of the adjectives that are evoked while listening to Mr. Hodges ' saxophone . This one will be on my playlist for a long , long time ...
 The musical language of Billy Strayhorn was and is magnificent . I agree with musicologists who state that his genius was overshadowed only by his lack of self promotion . He single handedly made all other big band conductors work to keep up with the Strayhorn-Ellington collaborative machine . -LSB- Name placement is deliberate -RSB-
 SERVICE WAS FAST . CD ARRIVED IN PERFECT CONDITION . THIS IS SOME GREAT JAZZ .
 for something off the beaten track , here 's an extremely fun cd of music composed between 1971 and 1980 for various projects , including
 This is an absolutely facinating specimen released by wierdo psych crate digger Andy Votel . Bruno Spoerri creates the beuatiful 70s synth cheese Votel just loves to reissue.Cheese usually has a negative conotation , but here , it perfectly describes the punchy confections Spoerri creates . If you can imagine Giorgio Moridor 's 1970s work without the electronic syncronazation and a more improvosational approach , this is what this sound like . It contains danceable passages , but also goes deep into space , with synthasizer bloops and blips.It all amounts to a funk psych bass synth dance party that is impossible not to revel in . That fat juicy funk that you imagine when you think of the 1970s is on full display , and listening is like biting into an oh so groovey creampuff.Enjoy . Eat too much of this yummy stuff .
 Nametag has been one of my favorite rookies within the passing year , and it 's thanks to his fine debut album `` Ahead Of The Basics '' . He definitely proves he 's FAR ahead of the basics here with an excellent lineup of beats and rhymes . Lyrically , Nametag is an excellent writer and an excellent rapper . He 's not totally mind-blowing , but his notably clever word play , writing , smooth flows and humor has me constantly spinning this disc.Nametag must 've made some waves in Detroit , because Black Milk & Magnif -LRB- along with a couple tracks from Black Bethoven -RRB- provide the album with very strong , and appealing production . Some great guests stop by to make the album shine on the posse track of the album `` Action Pack '' featuring B. Stromz , BroadCast & OnPoint . In the end , it 's Nametag himself who makes this effort so pleasing . The midwest is making waves in the hip-hop game , and even if Nametag is fairly unknown , it serves as an excellent slice of the hip-hop pie in 2007-08 . My favorites are `` The Intro '' , `` Ahead Of The Basics '' , `` In The Soul '' , `` Tell 'Em '' , `` So Raw '' , `` About You '' , `` Anotha Club Hit '' , `` Heated '' , `` Two Perspectives '' -LRB- probably my favorite -RRB- . Do n't sleep !
 For Collectors Only is the best compilation available for the Cadillacs , having the edge over the single disc one on Rhino . Every song on that compilation is collected here , along with quite a few excellent tracks that did n't make it on . I will review some of those . Buzz Buzz Buzz , featuring energetic vocals , `` King Bee '' styled guitar and fine production arguably betters the Hollywood Flames version . Shock-A-Doo and If You Want to Be a Woman of Mine are very catchy up-tempo rockers.The ballad Carelessly has a mysterious beginning in the voices , and could be compared to Window Lady and Gloria in its use of the organ . Also great is the raucous Holy Smoke Baby , with hilarious lyrics and screaming vocals reminiscent of Little Richard . There are plenty of other small pleasures on this set , although every track is not of a uniformly high quality . Still , I would say the Cadillacs may deserve a spot near the end of the top ten list for best R&B vocal groups of all time . Despite having only two big hits , they recorded alot of material in their day . Unfortunately , there are no recording dates , personnel , or other valuable information . In buying this set , you are getting 60 tracks , -LRB- three and a half times more than the single disc collection -RRB- , for only about twice the money . I recommend buying this , because the gems on this set missing from the single disc are just too good to overlook .
 Sixty selections seems a bit much for a group that put four - count 'em - four songs onto the singles charts ! And in this massive compilation , Collectables does their usual thing by leaving out their last hit , 1961 's What You Bet which made it to # 30 R&B ; b/w You Are To Blame for the Smash label . What 's wrong with this picture?The biggest hit for Earl `` Speedo '' Carroll , LaVern Drake , Earl Wade , Charles Brooks , and Robert Phillips was , of course , 1956 's rocking Speedo which , b/w the ballad , Let Me Explain , reached # 3 R&B ; and # 17 Billboard Pop Top 100 that February . Their next did n't come until the end of the year when their cover of Gene Autry 's Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer topped out at # 11 R&B ; b/w Shacka Doo -LRB- erroneously spelled above -RRB- . On both these hits , recorded for the Josie label , they were backed by the orchestra of Jesse Powell.Over a year would then pass before Peek-A-Boo peaked at # 20 R&B ; and # 28 Billboard Pop Hot 100 in February 1959 , backed by Osie Johnson & His Orchestra . And that was it for their Josie hits . Carroll , following the charting of What You Bet in 1961 , joined The Coasters.You have to admire the effort that went into the production of this compilation but , COME ON . Ca n't you just give us a nice , compact single CD with ALL their hits and their B-sides , plus a few selected non-charters or album cuts ? It 's not like they were The Beatles of their day .
 Aubert , very much like Roger-Ducasse and others , was unfortunate
 As a collector of Zappa and Zappa cover albums I passed this disc by several times , thinking it had little to offer . Boy , was I wrong . This is a great set of high energy , horn driven `` jazzappa . '' The proceedings are mostly vocal-free -LRB- vocals being a frequent downfall of Zappa cover projects -RRB- with a rocking `` I 'm The Slime '' being the exception.OK , so the guitar solos do n't approach those of the master -LRB- whose do ? -RRB- and occasionally the proceedings meander a bit , but this is 100 % live-without-a-net Zappa by musicians who obviously care about this difficult music . One of my fantasies is to hear the current Mingus Big Band rip into the Zappa catalog . There are moments on this disc that come tantalizingly close to that sound . Highly recommended from a hard-core Zappa-phile .
 I got this cd fast . You can never have too much Frank Zappa . These guys do his music justice . I saw some of the band live at Zappanale fest in Bad Doberan , Germany . Goggle it and Go , if you think you are a true FZ Fan . I waited 3 years to go after first hearing of the fest . I have not missed one since in 6 years . Nuff Said ... Fergy
 Thank you to Marco Polo for this treat for the ears . While the music may be `` light '' , it is not trivial . The dances are similar in orchestration and harmonies to those of Malcolm Arnold . The other pieces are quite expert , and some are well known in England . They are tuneful and colorful . The work for horn and orchestra is indeed excellent . The recording itself is very good , being clear and forward , and of a much better quality than some of the Marco Polo releases . The orchestral playing is quite fine , too . All in all , a cheery respite from Brahms and Mahler . Tomlinson himself conducts , and does it well . Why the previous reviewer praises it , then gives it only three stars puzzles me .
 Great music from one of Britain 's finest composers of light music . I recommend this album to any one interested in British Light Music .
 Interesting dvd with some hard-to-find footage and interesting interviews . Must have for any Burdon/Animals fan ; however , I was a little bummed that no full-length performances/songs were included . Also , the video primarily focused on the two incarnations of The Animals and Burdon 's time with War was very quickly glossed over . :-LRB- All in all though , this was a great dvd and I recommend it .
 Having grown up in the 60 's and watching a lot of the British bands this was a great show about one of the more unique talents . Eric was and is a true artist .
 This album really reminds me of those duo albums Jim Hall and Ron Carter put out a few decades earlier but with a more modern sound and new fresh approaches to the music . Definitely a classic !
 In retrospect this huge choral piece seems much more typical of the music Messiaen was writing in the mid-60s than it did at the time of its premiere . The sound world it conjures up is very like that of , say , Et Expecto , Couleurs de la Cite Celeste or Des Cantons aux Etoiles . The major difference is the use of voices . This was Messiaen 's first choral piece since the 5 Rechants and the choral style is very different from either that challengingly experimental piece or from the earlier 3 Petites Liturgies - more of a forerunner to St. Francois , in fact . In La Transfiguration the choral writing is largely written in unison for the narrative plainchant-derived sections or in chordal blocks for the many chorale-like passages.If that sounds monotonous , it is more than made up for in the brilliance of the orchestral writing . Here is a profusion of the composer 's beloved birds , taken from all over the world . Here is the glitter of a large batterie of tuned percussion . Here is the special sound only Messiaen had the key to in his brass and woodwind writing . And here is all Messiaen 's unique synesthetic -LRB- seeing harmonies as colours -RRB- approach to slowly shifting chords and keys . Here , too , are love-songs to match the central movement of Turangalila , landscapes to match the vivid pictures in Des Canyons or the Catalogue d'Oiseaux and huge marmoreal chorales to match the equivalent movements in Et Expecto or even Messiaen 's last orchestral work , Eclairs sur l'au dela.What is distinctive about La Transfiguration , as befits its subject , is the way in which Messiaen seems to be exploring ways of writing music as an objective correlative for light . The nearest comparison I can think of is the late paintings of Monet where he attempted to capture the very nature of light itself in his paint . Whether it 's the iridescent shimmer of light on the wings of an exotic bird , the sudden stark flash of lightning on a dark landscape or the blinding brilliance of the light of the Transfiguration itself , Messiaen unerringly finds the appropriate musical metaphor.This is an important recording because the work 's sheer size precludes too many performances . Certainly the modern sound is a huge asset , allowing all that colourful orchestral palette to shine at its brightest . But there is something of the Messiaenic ecstasy and abandon missing from this performance . It is all a bit too careful . For example , the piece was partly a response to Rostropovich 's repeated requests for a Cello Concerto from the composer and there is a crucial part for solo cello . The cellist on this French performance simply lacks Slava 's richness , depth of tone and passion - he 's too monochrome . So , too , the singing of the choir , which is musically precise but lacks the variety and colour that show a real response to the text however static the musical line seems to be . The currently unavailable Dorati performance from Washington on Decca , made soon after the work 's premiere , comes much closer to an ideal performance . Seek that out if you can . If not , this disc will serve as a more than adequate introduction to a major and little known Messiaen work .
 This is a challenging piece of music however it is well worth approaching with patience and an open mind . The listener will be rewarded with a truly mind expanding experience . The sense of grace , spirituality and infiniteness that is present in all of Messiaen 's work is performed by Myung-Whun Chung & Co. to awe inspiring effect . The choral performances are first rate as are the orchestral passages . This is truly music that transcends itself and I recommend it to anyone who wishes to take a leap and increase their understanding of what music can be .
 I have n't heard this performance , but the original 1972 Decca recording with the National Symphony Orchestra and the Westminster Symphonic Choir under Antal Dorati is one of my prized possessions . Talk of this performance being less than representative is silly , since the U.S. premiere under Dorati was -LRB- I believe -RRB- the 14th presentation of this work , and was done under the close supervision of Messiaen himself -LRB- as were they all then -RRB- . I do n't believe he would have stood for a less-than-representative performance of his work , particularly one recorded for posterity.This work was received with wild enthusiasm at its first performance , and , I believe , at most of its subsequent performances . The first was at the Coliseu in Lisbon as part of the 1969 Gulbenkian Festival . According to Messiaen 's diary -LRB- as reported by Peter Hill in his wonderful new book -RRB- the audience of 9000 -LRB- ! -RRB- applauded for a solid half-hour at the end , and Messiaen was completely overwhelmed.Anyway , I have n't heard the Chung performance , and I must say that I 'm somewhat hesitant to buy it , for the following reasons . First , just based on the Music Sampler snatches here , I do n't agree with many of his tempi . They seem to drag a fair bit , and Dorati 's reading definitely has more gusto . Secondly -LRB- and please bear with me -RRB- , if you listen specifically to the beginning of the 9th movement -LRB- Perfecte conscius illius perfectae generationis -RRB- , you 'll hear a big fat chord of resonance repeated several times followed by a very low note on the trombone -LRB- I think , I do n't have the score -RRB- , then that note is repeated with much more force by all the lowest instruments -LRB- I 'm assuming double bases , saxhorn , contrabass tuba , and some low tam-tams -RRB- , and this is followed by the baritone male voices one whole note higher . In the Chung version , these low notes are somewhat tame , and each is distinct to the extent that they sound like completely separate occurrences in sequence . In the Dorati version , the low trombone is followed by a shattering , rolling , rumbling paroxysm , and the male voices ride the gradual decay of this enormous sound . This part sounds for all the world like the creation of the universe . With sounds like this , you really start to understand what Messiaen meant by `` explosions of blue-orange lava '' and all the rest of it . By comparison , I think that the Chung version is much too civilized . Finally , concerning the criticism of this work 's apparent lack of form or structure other than `` blocks '' , all I can say is that repeated listening , particularly of the second `` septenaire '' , reveals a definite sense of structure , sort of a gradual rise toward the shattering climax of the 13th movement , when the complete trinity appears on the mountaintop -LRB- Tota trinitas apparuit -RRB- . The final chorale of movement 14 -LRB- Choral de la lumiere de gloire -RRB- is a completely fitting coda to the whole affair . Again , careful , concentrated listening to this part of the work will reveal amazing shades of harmonic complexity that are completely mindblowing . In most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of these chords , all 12 notes of the chromatic scale are sounding simultaneously , and it is only their judicious distribution across the various levels of pitch and timbre within the orchestra and choir which gives the impression of a tonic progression . However , if you try to hone in on a any specific group of notes to understand `` intellectually '' what the progression actually is , you lose it . It 's a bit like what Aristotle said about time , that everyone knows what it is but nobody can say what it is . This piece , and by extension many of Messiaen 's later pieces -LRB- from the late fifties onwards -RRB- represent -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- the absolute pinnacle of harmonic development in all of Western music.In any case , one ca n't expect everyone to like it . As Messiaen himself said -LRB- again , quoted from Hill 's book -RRB- , his music is targeted to an initiated elite .
 This album is full of great bluesy , jazzy , funky , folky tunes that are all really well-written . From the ballads to the songs that make you want to dance , they are all very catchy and you will find yourself singing and whistling them . The lyrics are interesting and they use an assortment of instruments -LRB- accordions anyone ? -RRB- and have great variety to their sound . Catch them live if you get the chance . They put on a great show .
 Ever listen to music in the background , then the next day you start singing some of the words and wonder `` where did I hear that '' . This album did that and more . I found myself playing it over and over again , singing along more and more , even singing them without the album playing . The music does n't fit into a category and I think that is what the artist wanted , they dance to their own beat . I will file it in my collection under `` Great '' .
 I predict that if you give it a listen , you will love it!I do.If you live in NYC , do n't miss their live shows , they rock .
 this c.d is pretty kool it got all the latest hits out , in one so u wo n't need to buy another c.d this winter . i would recomened this to everyoneso get off ur bum and buy it now
 This mini CD or CD single if you want to call it that , starts out with the Grammy version of Mr. D singing `` Love Sick , '' the leading song on Mr. D 's `` Time Out of Mind , '' CD , then it smoothly segues into a live version of `` Cold Iron 's Bound , '' a song also found on `` Time Out of Mind . '' But the real highlights of this four song live CD are `` Cocaine Blues '' which has never released anywhere before , and `` Born in Time , '' which sounds so much better here then it did on Dylan 's `` Under the Red Sky '' CD . I know these CD singles are short , and maybe seem too costly for what you get , but I could n't resist it . I do believe that Sony should release all the live stuff from the various CD singles they 've put out to promote `` Time Out of Mind '' as a live album , touting the `` Never Ending Tour . Maybe they will , but until they do , you 'll have to settle for what you can get , and this mini CD is one of the better ones .
 Ca n't wait , blind willie , roving gambler.Along with the other cd makes for a nice mini live album.If you love Bob , you 'll love these .
 Every song on this CD is a great listening experience . I expecially enjoy the tune , `` Rattle my Bones '' with it 's interesting sounds . I could listen to this tune over and over again . If I had to choose 2 favorites `` Mississippi Mud '' would be my second choice . If you enjoy both blues and rock music you will not be disappointed with this CD , every song is great .
 This is a great CD ! Ten originals along with excellent remakes of `` Some Kind of Wonderful '' and `` I Ca n't Hold Hold Out '' , both of which the band has molded into their own while keeping true to the original . Fans of Babylon AD will certainly not be disappointed !
 Alberto Nepomuceno was a great brazilian composer . His music is romantic and joyfull and even his concertos are n't fastidious to hear .
 If you listen to a collection of the Grass Roots , the Turtles , Jan and Dean , Gary Lewis and the Playboys , or some other Southern California act from the mid-sixties , there 'll often be one or two absolutely great songs you 've never heard . They 're by Phil Sloan and Steve Barri , and here 's a whole great album of 'em in one place in the form of Phil Sloan 's terrific demos . The music here manages to be intelligent and fun at the same time - basically the type of creativity associated with the Beatles or Brian Wilson . Sloan is clearly influenced by Bob Dylan , but balances that with tremendous pop skill on classics like `` Secret Agent Man '' -LRB- included here in a great early version -RRB- and `` You , Baby '' , and tremendous gems like `` I Do n't Wan na Say Goodnight '' and `` Is It Any Wonder '' . But this collection also has a bunch of really great Sloan/Barri songs I 've never heard , and I 've been onto them for years.Notice that when you look up this title , it brings up all kinds of Brian Wilson connections
 How is it that someone as prolific a songwriter as P.F. Sloan gets so lost in the shuffle that even 60 's music scholars and collectors give a blank stare when his name is mentioned ? The20 songs on this collection can be ranked with the greatest songs of the genre . Do n't let the term `` Demo '' fool you . These are n't rough acoustic versions , but fully realized pop songs.I ca n't speak highly enough of this collection . If you are a fan of pop music in general do yourself the ultimate favor and pick up this CD .
 West Coast songwriter P.F. Sloan 's songs have always been more famous than his own recordings . Writing solo and with Steve Barri , Sloan penned some of the mid-60s most memorable radio hits for the cream of California 's pop acts , including `` Secret Agent Man '' -LRB- Johnny Rivers -RRB- , `` Eve of Destruction '' -LRB- Barry McGuire -RRB- , `` Where Were You When I Needed You '' -LRB- The Grass Roots -RRB- , and `` You Baby '' -LRB- The Turtles -RRB- , to name just a few . After a stint working for Gary Usher -LRB- with Barri as The Fantastic Baggys -RRB- , the pair of songwriters were hired by Lou Adler for his Trousdale publishing company , and subsequently recorded these demos.Sloan and Barri hit an amazing stride at Trousdale , and the tracks collected here include fully-produced versions of songs eventually recorded by a wide variety of other artists . Sloan 's original version of `` You Baby '' is missing the final polish of the Turtles ' hit single , but all the hooks are here , and Sloan 's voice has a winning innocence . The same can be said for `` Another Day , Another Heartache , '' which fleshed out the harmony arrangement used on the subsequent hit by The Fifth Dimension.The rest of the album is as good as anything Sloan wrote or produced for himself or for others . His demo of the Turtles album track `` I Know That You 'll Be There '' has a surging folk-rock sound , and the bubblegum soul of `` Can I Get to Know You Better '' fits Sloan better than either Betty Everett -LRB- who recorded it as a B-side -RRB- or The Turtles . The early version of `` Look Out Girl '' featured here has its propulsive acoustic rhythm guitar in place , but the vocal and guitar break are more rocking than the Sloan/Barri re-recording with The Grass Roots.The demos are split between pure-pop and folk-rock . Among the latter , the confessional `` See Ya Round on the Rebound '' -LRB- waxed by both Shelly Fabares and Sandy Posey -RRB- is terrific , the acoustic-guitar based `` I 've Got No More to Say '' -LRB- recorded later by the Grass Roots -RRB- sounds as if it were written for the Mama and Papas , and `` Troubled Mind '' is a brilliant acoustic pop-folk-blues that appears to have gone uncovered . Capping the set is a previously undiscovered demo of `` Secret Agent Man , '' recorded as a theme submission for the television program under its original title `` Danger Man . '' Most of the lyrics later recorded by Johnny Rivers are in place , but Sloan had to tinker slightly to fit the renaming.Archivist Andrew Sandoval 's dug up a superb set of tapes that are clear and present , and resonate with the quality of top-flight Los Angeles studios . All tracks are mono except for 8 , 9 , and 14 , but given the AM radio orientation of the era , this is how these songs were meant to be heard . Sandoval 's song notes are excellent and provide the demos a great deal of context . This is a must have for fans of 60s pop . -LSB- 2006 hyperbolium dot com -RSB-
 What a lost treasure these demos are . Of particular note
 If you put up a twenty-track collection by any of the major artists young P. F. Sloan wrote or produced for -LRB- Mamas & Papas , 5th Dimension , Herman 's Hermits , Grass Roots et al -RRB- it could never compare to CHILD OF OUR TIMES for sheer song excellence or cohesiveness . If you put up the same by Bob Dylan you 'd be hard-pressed to match the writing , production and performance . And like Dylan , P.F. Sloan 's originals usually outshine the glossier versions which followed . With the discovery of these tapes -LRB- as well as his released catalog -RRB- P.F. Sloan can proudly stand with Dylan , The Byrds and all others who 'd claim to define the folk-rock genre.Don ' t be put off by the shabby cover and subtitle which suggests sub-standard demos which really sound like demos - the production values here are much better than most hit albums from the period . These `` demos '' represent a classy and fully self-realized musical vision of writing , production and performance
 This CD is actually two original albums put together for one CD . The first half is what I consider a small Big Band . With other Sax players , trumpets and guitar . The second half is the Rollins Trio . With that said I simply Love this CD. , Grand Street is my favorite song , it instantly lights up the whole room . The sound is tight and powerful . I do prefer the first half with it 's rich full sound . The second half is good but less attention getting . The playing however is excellent . For a great mix of styles and sound on one CD your can not lose with this one .
 This CD is awesome . Two albums for a price of one . From the minute you put it on there is no stopping Mr. Rollins and his tenor sax ! The band is tight , sound is great -LRB- live album -RRB- . If you are a fan of Sonny Rollins or Jazz music in general , buy this CD . It 's well worth the money . Someone should release this on XRCD format .
 Another great CD from Usher ; equal to his Here I Stand CD . 18 different cuts thus about 70 minites of Usher . Most cuts are good or better , with a few only fair . Worth having if your an Usher fan , and who is n't .
 This is the very first Impacts album -LRB- and only from the early sixties and for several decades -RRB- and the first album by my friend singer-guitarist Merrell Fankhauser . It has a great collection of surf tunes . See other reviews for song by song descriptions . Back in the early Nineteen Sixties Merrell with his band the Impacts recorded the original version of the surf song `` Wipe Out . '' The Surfaris recorded the famous hit version of `` Wipe Out '' . The controversy that arose due to this situation is a long story . After the Impacts and `` Wipe Out , '' Merrell formed many other bands . These Psychedelic rock bands had little commercial success but eventually developed a cult following . These bands include The Exiles , HMS Bounty , Fapardokly and Mu . Original copies of the one Fapardokly LP are among the most valuable of collectable albums , they can cost hundreds of dollars . Jeff Cotton the fantastic slide guitarist from Captain Beefheart 's Magic Band was also in Mu.In more recent years The Impacts have made a reunion CD , `` The Impacts Surfin ' 101 '' . It is great and worth searching for . Most of Merrell Fankhauser 's solo material is of a laid-back psychedelic Hawaiian style . Much of it rather beautiful . He also from time to time releases a surf music or bluesy rock album . He currently has a series of four CDs so far called `` Rockin ' and Surfin ' '' Love them . Nearly all of these LPs and CDs are from small labels and hard to find . Most of the albums associated with Merrell have been reissued as CDs though mostly on small European labels . Many though can be purchased directly from Merrell Fankhauser and his Ocean Records on his Web Site.An update : During August 2011 I was able to obtain an original LP copy of this album , Del-Fi Records DFST 1234 -LRB- Stereo -RRB- . I am not sure what it is ; hearing this in analog was like a whole different experience . It may be the lack of compression . The bottom end is especially interesting . These guys really had their # & % @ together . I hear some really interesting things going on here and there that I do n't remember hearing in rock music until many years later . For example at one point I hear a really advanced passage on the bass that makes me think of 1968 San Francisco sounds . Also the drummer is better than I remember from listening to the CD . Maybe I should lay-off listening to mp3 's on my PC and stick to good quality CD 's and LP 's on my powerful stereo receiver system . : - -RRB- Oh , by-the-way Merrell himself tells me that on some Compact Disk releases of the Impacts ! Wipe Out , Del-Fi CD DFCD 71234 2 , sides 1 and 2 from the LP are in the wrong order . So what you actually hear on the CD is Wipe Out , Fort Lauderdale , Tears , Revellion , Blue Surf , Impact , Steel Pier , Tandem , Sea Horse , Bee Bee , Lisa , Church Key . But this may have been corrected on later Del-Fi CD pressings and was corrected on reissues put out by other labels , including probably the one currently on sale by Amazon . That may clear up some confusion .
 THE IMPACTS WERE ANOTHER SOCAL SURF BAND FROM THE EARLY 60 'S THAT USED TO PLAY AT THE BALBOA BALLROOM ALONG WITH A LOT OF OTHER GREAT BANDS FROM THAT TIME -LRB- DICK DALE AND THE DEL-TONES , THE CROSSFIRES , SENTINALS , TORNADOS , AND A LOT OF OTHER ONES AS WELL . -RRB- AND RECORDED ON THE LOCAL DEL-FI LABEL ON LOW BUDGET RECORDS . THIS IS A GREAT CD OF EARLY 60 'S SURF MUSIC , INCLUDING THE ORIGINAL VERSION OF WIPE OUT .
 This is a marvelous recording . I have enjoyed Rihm 's work for years -LRB- such as `` Time Chant , '' written for Anne-Sophie Mutter -RRB- and this piece just clinches my admiration . `` Jagden and Formen '' -LRB- `` Hunts and Forms '' -RRB- rushes by in a blur of multiple rhythms and fast tempi that are breathlessly executed by Ensemble Modern . The savvy conductor -LRB- new to me -RRB- is Dominique My , and she clearly knows what to do with Rihm 's nervous , glittering opus.Although the work is conceived in a single , unbroken movement -LRB- about 45 minutes long -RRB- , the disc includes track numbers to easily locate individual sections , to help the listener grasp the work 's structure , according to the notes . The track numbers also help to quickly locate a particular section.This is a bracing new composition , and easy to recommend to anyone wanting a fast , energy-packed listening experience . The virtuosic playing -- good on its own -- and intelligent conducting are complemented by DG 's excellent sound that enables all of Rihm 's gestures to be audible . For some who complain that `` no good music is being written today , '' this outstanding recording begs to differ .
 This Deutsche Grammaphon disc -- part of the `` 20/21 '' series of contemporary music recordings -- contains Wolfgang Rihm 's great piece `` Jagden und Formen '' performed by the Ensemble Modern conducted by Dominique My . Here the German composer characteristically blends the avant-garde tradition with echoes of German romanticism , especially concerned with the idea of a `` hunt '' for form , all resulting in an exhilarating work that is among the strongest entries in the `` 20/21 '' series yet.In the 1990s Rihm wrote three pieces which explored the concept of form , `` Gejagte Form '' -LRB- 1995-1996 -RRB- , `` Gedraengte Form '' -LRB- 1995-1998 -RRB- , and `` Verborgenne Formen '' -LRB- 1995-1997 -RRB- . He later collected these together to form `` Jagden and Formen '' -LRB- `` Hunts and Forms '' -RRB- , yet this is not a mere hour-long concert of each piece in succession . Instead , Rihm weaves them together so that `` Gejagte Form '' serves as the skeleton of the work , appearing five times , first on two violins out of phase with each other , strings , flutes , clarinents , and harp , then on woodwinds , then on horns and trumpets , a fourth time on horns and trombones , and a last time for strings and piano . In between these structral elements , the piece abounds with unexpected turns , build-ups that fall when the `` quarry '' eludes the musicians/hunters , moments of uncertainty , and even the occasionally lyric or engine-like passage . Suspense is constant ; rarely does contemporary repertoire , many of whose godfathers -LRB- I 'm thinking especially of Webern -RRB- were compelled to keep their pieces short , offer an hour-long work that never lets the audience 's attention wander . Furthermore , Rihm 's orchestration , highlighting winds , percussion -LRB- especially the marimba -RRB- , harp , and guitar over the usual strings , results in a use of colour as exotic as anything in Messiaen.The performance is remarkable . In a work based on the idea of motion , Dominique My never lets up the pace , and the orchestra never takes a wrong step . My only complaint is that the recording , though crystal-clear , does n't really explore the studio space as it should ; having seen `` Gedraengte Form '' in concert , I think the piece sounds better with room to breathe . The liner notes are good , too , containing a musicological analysis of the piece along with an interview with Rihm where he defends his work with the kind of zany quips that we 've come to love . And , though it feels somewhat dirty to praise the graphic design when the music is what matters , DG have come up with some impressive futuristic artwork.I 'm very enthusiastic about `` Jagden and Formen '' , and think it deserves a place in the collection of any fan of contemporary music .
 `` Hunts and forms ''
 One continuous 51-minute composition , `` JAGDEN UND FORMEN -LRB- Hunts and Forms -RRB- '' is in ceaseless , lively motion , a headlong rush that pauses , shifts instrumentation -- `` multiple superimposed lines in constant flux '' as the liner notes put it -- and then continues hunting . Performed with precision by the Ensemble Modern , the piece begins with the graduated entry of several `` desks '' of instruments -- strings , woodwinds , brass and percussion . The strings play a lesser role in the overall scheme , to give a sense of the timbre.The obvious points of comparison for me are Boulez and Reich . Perhaps more similar technically to Boulez , JAGDEN UND FORMEN is more frantic and bold than REPONS , with its dreamy circularity . JAGDEN UND FORMEN has an overall effect similar to Reich 's MUSIC FOR 18 MUSICIANS , at least in contrast to traditional classical orchestration and composition , partly due to the use of `` swing-like cross-rhythms '' and marimba . This is a fascinating work which , also like REPONS , leaves me somewhat dissatisfied , but looking forward to hearing more by Rihm . -LRB- Since hearing this disc I have heard much more by Rihm , who I have decided is one of THE 12 BEST LATE 20TH/21ST CENTURY COMPOSERS -- see my list . -RRB- The DG 20/21 packaging deserves a word of praise -- the cover photo seems to be a cool , sleek city scene of some sort , of steel and glass reflections , but at a skewed angle resulting in abstraction , redolent of Gerhard Richter . It would be nice if this site would redo the photo so the artwork is visible ... -LRB- Thanks to Jorge of Barcelona for providing an image -- be sure to check it out ! -RRB- One of these days this will be reissued by ArkivMusic , but until then I recommendthe Hanssler Rihm-Edition disc of three Rihm concertosas the best introduction to Rihm . For something in many respects similar to JAGDEN UND FORMEN , tryCHIFFRE-ZYKLUS -LRB- Cipher Cycle -RRB- , on CPO -LRB- see my review -RRB- .
 I 'm 77 , and I ca n't believe I never heard this music before ! I have heard of Billy Mayerl , but not much of his music . This album is a delight , combining three of my favorite musical elements -- full orchestra , sophisticated rhythms , and catchy melodies . The more you listen to it , the more you love it . I feel as if I 've discovered a buried treasure .
 He still can belt out a tune . For me every song was good . No buyers remorse here .
 Stupendous account of all Cocker 's greatest hits , plus some miscellaneous tracks that Cocker management hoped wlould launch a second cemback for the Sheffield-born `` monster voice '' who brought down the house at Woodstock way back when , but in recent years he 's been more of a Heritage Rock act , that is , if people remember him at all . Even John Belushi 's imitation of him has lost some of its punch for we are n't accustomed to seeing the two-ton powerhouse flail spastically , his head bobbing up and down towards the skies , then back to the footlights , on our stages on a regular basis . Be that as it may , Cocker 's comeback did n't really take . `` Across From Midnight '' is a sturdy enough tune but it wo n't set young hearts afire -- middle aged ones either , and I do n't think you 'll harm yourself by skipping forward this one on the DVD.The amazing this is the power this man generates at age 55 . Mehtinks he 'll be going this way at age 80 , astonishing when we thought he would never live till he his 30th birthday . He seemed like one of those mutant freaks like Rondo Hatton born to have an early disabling death . And here he is still going strong when seemingly healhier specimens have long retired or even gone to their graves to push up the daisies.I always thought putting Joe Cocker in THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA would be a good idea.He has the angelic beast sounds that you need for a good rousing rendition of MUSIC OF THE NIGHT.Here he moans his way through CRY ME A RIVER with much of the power of the old days , and puts Leon Russell in the shade with his majestic , tormented DELTA LADY , which he might try reviving now for Katrina Relief , I think it would go down a storm . I saw him in 2002 and he had sensibly enough dropped the failed `` Across from Midnight '' from his set list and was once agaion concentrating on the old tried and trues like THE LETTER , UP WHERE WE BELONG , SUMMER IN THE CITY and of course , WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS . More power to him and long may he gargle !
 I recently saw Joc Cocker at the state theatre in Sydney and it was brilliant , one of the best concerts i 've seen live.And watching this live dvd it was the same feeling when i saw them live .5 stars all the way
 great cocker show , the hightlight being perhaps the best tribute to princess diana , the dedication ` you are so beautiful ' . most of his hits are here including the 9/1/2 weeks ' ` you can leave your hat on ' .
 Always been a Cocker fan and this one will not disappoint . Given the age of this concert the sound and picture quality is OK ... would rock in blue ray however !
 You got ta luv the recording of this event - great selection of music from musicians that have all earned their ` chops ' . If you 're a fan , I highly recommend this for your library .
 Enjoyed it immensely . The sound is best in stereo . The DTS and 5.1 mix are both done poorly imo . But , the stereo sound is very good !
 Great audio and video with many hits . Only gripe would be that they turned up the audience clapping very loudly after each song and a little too loudly during the songs . This is only a small criticism , however . Buy this DVD .
 Beautiful concert with a great definition , and the unbelievable Joe 's voice . All people take the flame to illuminate the night and Joe sing her best hits and some covers like `` Could You be loved '' and `` do n't let me be misunderstood '' -RCB- Beautiful DVD
 In response to an earlier review by Antonio Schemkes I ask
 This is an extremely well produced DVD , the audio and video are stunning . Although it is not 5.1 I found the stereo so good that I could not ask for more . A fantastic selection of songs delivered by one of the best vocalists in the business , add a great band and stage setting and you have a winner . In fact it is on par with Hell Freezes Over and Fleetwood Mac 's The Dance , which are both excellent , this is some achievment considering this was a live concert performed in Germany and not on a studio soundstage . Highly recommended .
 Excellent concert . Joe has mellowed alot from his earlier days ... his stage presence and delivery is not as wild as it used to be.Video is excellent , great close ups and the lighting is very good . Joe `` sweats '' to his oldies . Puts his heart and soul into the tunes . The band and back-up singers are fabulous . You 'll recognize every song . The sound is wonderful.It is a concert dvd I would watch over and over again . I 'm not a HUGE Joe Cocker fan , so that should speak volumes.If you 're looking for lots of action during the concert ... you 'll be disappointed , if you 're okay with the singer standing in front of a mike and belting out their hits with their heart and soul , you 'll love this dvd . The setting of this concert arena is very pleasing .
 I do n't know about all the techical mumbo-jumbo . I only know when I play this DVD through my big TV and big sound system it kicks . Joe Cocker is awesome and this DVD made me feel like I was at the concert . The production is fabulous ... probably 7-8 cameras involved in the shooting and you had to look hard to see any of the production crew during the video . Maybe I 'm easy to impress but this was great .
 I felt like I was taking a chance on buying this disk . Guess I was , but immediately knew it was better than I expected . This guy looks like he might have just walked off a trawler or come up from a coal mine . But what a song-myster he is !!! ... The different arrangements on a couple of the tunes were also very good.This DVD is a KEEPER.I noticed the drummer is the same guy that played on the Tina Turner Amsterdam show .
 Ok so the guy has aged a few years and he sweats like a stuck pig before slaughter during most of the show -LRB- damn could n't they at least have given the guy a towell -RRB- but then for those of us that buy this DVD we probably suffer from the same problems and , at that age , we probably could n't sing worth a damn.Cocker serves us his most popular hits with each one being a memory for me and probably most fans of his . During the more than solid one and a half hour live show , backed up by an exceptional band that knows how to rock Cocker does not hold back . Although I noted that he could n't quite hit the high note screams in ` With a Little Help From My Friends ' but then who would even attempt that piece after an hour long concert.The technicals and the sound quality of the DVD are exceptional for a live outdoor concert and I reccommend this performance toanyone that enjoys rock in its purest form ...
 But I have many concert DVDs and this one is one of the top 12 . Excellent production quality , great musicians , great outdoor setting . I buy many DVDs and I watch them and if they are not worth watching again I get rid of them . This one is an inspirational view !
 FOUND THIS DVD TO BE A GREAT VIEW . SAW JOE AT CHINOOK WINDS CASINO - LINCOLN CITY , OR 3/4/05 AND HE WAS STILL AS GREAT AS EVER IN PERFORMING .
 For the avid cocker fan ... . This is excellent Joe cocker . It may not be 5.1 but it is super . Highly recommened . Songs could not be of better choice . Buy It now .
 The older I get the more I enjoy watching concerts on DVD . This Cocker concert is filmed well and the audio is outstanding . Even if you are only a marginal Joe Cocker fan you will be impressed . If you a huge Joe Cocker fan you will find that this DVD gets better every time you watch it !
 Incomparable Billie Holiday Volume 1Acrobat -LRB- label - U.K. -RRB- features Billie Holiday - Vocals , Bunny Berigan - Trumpet , Chu Berry - Sax -LRB- Tenor -RRB- , Roy Eldridge - Trumpet , Benny Goodman - Clarinet , Johnny Hodges - Sax -LRB- Alto -RRB- , Jonah Jones - Trumpet , John Kirby - Bass , Gene Krupa - Drums , Artie Shaw - Clarinet , Ben Webster - Sax -LRB- Tenor -RRB- , Teddy Wilson - Piano , Dave Barbour - Guitar , Joe Bushkin - Piano , Cozy Cole - Drums , Irving Fazola - Clarinet , Benny Morton - Trombone , Vido Musso - Clarinet , Grachan Moncur III - Bass , Artie Bernstein - Bass , Harry Carney - Clarinet , Sax -LRB- Baritone -RRB- , Clyde Hart - Piano , Milt Hinton - Bass , Hilton Jefferson - Sax -LRB- Alto -RRB- , Lawrence Lucie - Guitar , Irving `` Mouse '' Randolph - Trumpet , Allan Reuss - Guitar , Cecil Scott - Clarinet , John Trueheart - Guitar , Dick McDonough - Guitar , Tom Macey - Clarinet , Pete Peterson - Bass ... tracks are ; 1 . What a Little Moonlight Can Do -LRB- Woods -RRB- - 2:512 . Miss Brown to You -LRB- Rainger/Robin/Whiting -RRB- - 2:543 . I 'm Painting the Town Red -LRB- Newman/Stept/Tobias -RRB- - 2:534 . Eeny Meeny Meiny Mo -LRB- Malneck/Mercer -RRB- - 3:055 . These 'N' That 'N' Those -LRB- Fairchild/Pascal -RRB- - 3:046 . You Let Me Down -LRB- Dubin/Warren -RRB- - 2:447 . These Foolish Things -LRB- Link/Marvell/Strachey -RRB- - 3:088 . I Cried for You -LRB- Arnheim/Freed/Lyman -RRB- - 3:039 . Did I Remember ? -LRB- Adamson/Donaldson -RRB- - 2:4110 . No Regrets -LRB- Ingraham/Tobias -RRB- - 2:2711 . Summertime -LRB- Gershwin/Gershwin/Heyward -RRB- - 2:4712 . Billie 's Blues -LRB- Holiday -RRB- - 2:3013 . A Fine Romance -LRB- Fields/Kern -RRB- - 2:4214 . I Ca n't Pretend -LRB- Breuder/Rusincky/Tobias -RRB- - 2:5115 . One , Two , Button Your Shoe -LRB- Burke/Johnston -RRB- - 2:3716 . Easy to Love -LRB- Porter -RRB- - 2:5917 . With Thee I Swing -LRB- Adlam/Hyde/Stillman -RRB- - 3:0418 . The Way You Look Tonight -LRB- Fields/Kern -RRB- - 2:4819 . Who Loves You ? -LRB- Coots/Davis -RRB- - 2:5920 . Pennies from Heaven -LRB- Burke/Johnston -RRB- - 3:03
 After a long wait , i recieved my cd 's , well worth it.The grammy version of love sick is much more powerful on cd.The sweetness of born in time makes it worth it alone.Even if you have these songs on boot , the cleaning-up the studio does works wonders.I 'm begining to hear voices , but there 's no one around .
 This mini CD or CD single if you prefer starts out with the album version of Love Sick and that is truly a shame , because anybody who would even think about buying this CD single already owns `` Love and Theft . '' You 're only getting four songs here , so it seems a complete waste to have to pay for something you already have . That said , you do get three other tunes . A live version of `` Ca n't Wait , '' which is very good , but the version on the album is better , of course , I think `` Love and Theft '' is maybe tied with `` Blood on the Tracks '' as being the best album Mr. D has ever done . `` Roving Gambler '' is nice . I remember when I was a little girl my dad used to play the Frankie Laine version all the time . Frankie just turned ninety and is still going strong . In fact I 've got the `` Frankie Lane live at New Orleans '' CD which was recorded in 1999 when he was eighty-six and he was great . I just hope our friend Bobby is still recording when he 's that age , cuz he just keeps getting better.The cr&egrave;me de le cr&egrave;me of this CD is the super version of `` Blind Willie McTell , '' that closes it . Sony really , really should make a live CD of the `` Never Ending Tour . '' With song like this on it , it would be huge . Five stars for this one , just cuz of `` Blind Willie . ''
 Actually , this is a note to Amz.com to make you aware that , Yes I did order this CD BUT the songs listed are NOT the songs on the CD and I am happy with this song list.Listed are Love Sick -LRB- org vrsn -RRB- Ca n't Wait -LRB- live -RRB- Roving Gambler -LRB- live -RRB- and Blind Willie McTell -LRB- live -RRB- . So I ordered the sister CD today 06/02/02 hoping that the songs listed on this CD WILL be the songs that are on this CD and not the one 's I already have . Otherwise I will return it promptly SO PLEASE BE INFORMED THANK YOU . I will listen later and rerate these songs . I did n't know how else to let you know : -RRB-
 To begin with , Bernard Herrmann is my favorite film composer . The man composed scores that ranged from the romantic -LRB- Jane Eyre , The Ghost and Mrs Muir , Marnie -RRB- , to the adventurous -LRB- The 7th Voyage of Sinbad , Journey to the Center of the Earth , Beneath the 12-Mile Reef -RRB- , to the eerie -LRB- Vertigo , The Day the Earth Stood Still -RRB- to the downright terrifying -LRB- Psycho -RRB- . That 's no mean feat ! Herrmann was an avid anglophile and romantic , so he seemed a natural choice to compose the score for Jane Eyre . The score is passionate , dark and brooding , sad and plaintive-all of the necessary ingredients for Cahrlotte Bronte 's dark tale of an orphaned girl who goes from life with a cruel benefactress to a cruel girls ' school , and becomes a governess to an illegitimate child in the gloomy household of a tormented man with a dark secret . This is one of my favorite Herrmann scores-very rich , romantic , almost traditional in its approach . There is also a lot of `` heart '' and pain in this score-it brings tears to my eyes whenever I listen to it . Marco Polo records have done it again-these folks have released a beautiful recording of the complete score to `` Jane Eyre '' - even the valse bluette from a music-box has been recreated here . If you are a Bernard Herrmann fan , a fan of `` Jane Eyre '' , then I strongly recommend this CD-Just keep a box of tissues handy !
 Until I obtained this CD I only knew the music of Jane Eyre from the the 13-minute suite that Bernard Herrmann arranged and recorded over 30 years ago . Hearing the complete score was a real treat and I was not disappointed . It 's one of his better film scores . My only real complaints are that the recorded sound is tinny and sometimes odd-sounding and that the performance is second-rate . For Herrmann aficionados this should not be a problem considering the wildly varying levels of fidelity in commercial recordings of his music , especially music he himself conducted . If you like the music of Bernard Herrmann you will like this CD and perhaps you will treasure it as I do .
 I first heard this work back in 1984 , when Boulez conducted the LA Philharmonic at UCLA in a program with music by Debussy and Carter . I had never heard anything like it . This was music like from some exotic , undreamt of world . Watching the huge forces arrayed on stage producing such delicate and timbrally rich sounds was a delight , and the waves of percussion-led music that gradually built up like huge waves of crashing sounds was thrilling . After that concert I purchased the old CBS recording , made in the 1960s , with Halina Lukomska in the soprano part . The Sony Walkman was just out , and I found myself listening to this music on headphones every where I went , so mesmerizing was it , so unpredictable sounding
 Pli Selon Pli is the first piece by Boulez that I heard back in the 70 's . At the time , it 's orchestration struck me ... modern and uncompromising , and yet still distinctly French . Time has mellowed Boulez and the piece . Now it seems to me that the ties to the Impressionists are very strong in the composer , much stronger than one might have guessed back in the 50s when he was an anti-traditionalist firebrand.Pli Selon Pli is a work for large forces , though these are used sparingly and in a chamber music fashion . The opening and closing movements of the work feature the full ensemble . Embedded in the piece are three `` Improvisations sur Marllarme '' which began their lives as separate pieces and were encorporated into the complete work later . They retain most of their original soprano and chamber ensemble setting . The language is Boulezian - totally serial and uncompromisingly dissonant , and yet , especially in this new recording of the finalized work , it is sensual , with moments that are achingly lovely . Boulez 's genius for instrumental sonority has never been better showcased than in this piece -LRB- though Le Martel sans Maitre comes close -RRB- . Boulez fans will want both the original recording from the 70s and this one as there are many interesting points of comparison . Those who are curious about the composer would do best with this recording only . Pli Selon Pli is oe of the composer 's most attractive works and a great place for anyone with adventurous ears to start learning about this seminal figure in 20th century music .
 Pli Selon Pli -LRB- Fold by Fold -RRB- is one of the best , if not the very best , song-cycles to come out of the 20th Century . It was written by the venerable Pierre Boulez , one of the most original and provacative living composers -- also probably the greatest . Most of his works are still `` in progress '' , and this one had a multi-decade gestation period , but it 's finished now , a perfectly balanced work that begins and ends on the same definitive chord.The great French poet Mallarme may have been shocked to hear what sort of music Boulez wrote to accompany his poems , but the word-setting , though hardly hummable , has a strange beauty all of its own , and acutally lends more melody to this work than you 'll find in most atonal pieces -- after all , an orchestra can play just harmony and rhythm , but a soprano can only sing a melody , no matter how large the leaps it makes . Christine Schafer dispatches Boulez 's difficult lines well -- she may be slightly troubled by the high note near the end , but it comes out clearly and maybe is even more convincing this way . Who would n't find it tough?But , in true Boulez fashion , no matter how beguiling the vocal lines it is ultimately the orchestra which dominates . This is no tragedy , however , because in M. Boulez we have one of the master orchestraters of all time . You can see from the pictures included in the liner notes what a battery of percussion is at the disposal of the Ensemble InterContemporain , and Boulez makes good use of all of it . The shimmering sonorities are instantly attractive.Let me qualify that
 Why another recording of Pli Selon Pli ? As you may already know , Boulez has tended to continually revise and/or pull out of circulation works with which he 's not completely satisfied , one of those being Improvisation III from Pli Selon Pli . At the time of writing Boulez 's biography in the 1980s , Dominique Jameaux became aware that he was not simply revising Improvisation III but rewriting it entirely . And a rewriting it is
 On February 18 , 1890 , Mallarme delivered a lecture in Bruges , Belgium to honor Villiers de l'Isle Adam , who died the previous year , the title `` pli selon pli '' occurs on the fourth line of a subsequent poem `` Rememoration d'amis belges '' , and utilized to describe how the mist disperses gradually to reveal an architecture of the city of Bruges or a topology of an imagined space . It was such an image , a demonstrative concept that Boulez sought this creative exergue , this odyssey which has involuntarily it seems spanned his life , like a possession for timbre and the `` word '' , the image.The many times predictable pointillism of the vocal lines in the self-contained `` Improvisations sur Mallarme '' for soprano and percussion ensemble of `` Improvisation sur Mallarme I '' `` Le vierge ... '' and , `` Improvisation sur Mallarme II '' `` Une dentelle s ` abolit '' , are difficult.These three `` Improvisations '' represent different approaches to settings of sonnets . The ` First Improvisation ' -LRB- according to the interview here with Boulez -RRB- is more playful , less strict , the ` Second Improvisation ' , there is more direct connections between the musical imagery and the text.Yet you always feel the music , the `` hanging '' timbres ringing moments of vibraphone , harp and piano , i.e.the sustaining exergue are simply timbral `` blankets '' for the text to attach itself quite evocatively.There is a restrained sensuality in the vocal lines here throughout this work , sung so complellingly by Ms.Schafer , as if they belong to another dimension , for we become overwhelmed by the sheer beauty of instrumental colour.I thought the rupture , the break with conventional time , that implied the innovations within the serial music was a realm Boulez sought to escape.And here the soprano has more an instrumental demeanor about it , unwilling to break from that undefined role.For aside from the Italian cadre , -LRB- Berio and Nono -RRB- , serialism did not foster a wealth of works for the voice.Only with the introduction of budding electronic means did masterworks occur -LRB- as Stockhausen 's `` Gesang der Junglinge '' and Berio 's `` Visage '' Nono 's utilization of political text -LRB- Canto sospeso '' was innovative in all respects . They had their own means of escape from this structural tyranny . For serialism within a short span of time -LRB- roughly 1950 to 1959 -RRB- exhausted itself . Adorno had said as much , who was around , attending concerts , and lecturing himself at Darmstadt Courses , and came to terms with these youngsters , as not being modern enough , or refusing to challenge oneself outside of technical innovation . Serial music seemed to be about itself and nothing more , and the tyranny of creative invention simply recoiled on itself with simply trying the untried , a work for three orchestras , -LRB- Stockhausen -RRB- a work with voice and percussion -LRB- Berio -RRB- , or two pianos -LRB- Boulez -RRB- . Serialism simply demanded new packages and products , not new content . And this was something Boulez had felt in searching fof another context , one where one need n't use all 12 tones . In the wonderful interview here with Wolfgang Fink , he says as much , `` I found it unbearable to use all 12 tones ... '' . I 'm still undecided if the Five Movements here -LRB- pli selon pli -RRB- actually hang together , and imply , constitute one unified realm , even within the Boulez cognitive field of posing structural freedom of the music 's discourse , its creative implications , with an ` unfreedom ' , again something he found profoundly within Mallarme 's `` Livre '' and concept of `` alea '' , chance but with a conscious , controlled unfreedom , something quite different from Cage 's pureposless purpose of Zen indeterminacy.The music of chance and musical graphics recall ran faster toward its demise than Boulez 's aleatoricism.For instance I still find usefull , and compelling moments in Boulez 's ` Third Piano Sonata ' , and realistically there is yet to be a definitive performance of it . Rosen 's and Psi-Chein 's and Claude Helffer 's are all simply ` readings ' , and useful guides.Whereas Cage 's `` Music of Changes `` his first focused chance extended work , I find nothing left to think through , as if the work 's realization had already occured decades ago.Boulez 's first movement here in `` pli selon pli '' is a recitation with enormous orchestral forces . It was in 1960 , where a provisional premiere had occurred , originally here a piano solo , a soprano was added based on Mallarme 's `` Don du poeme '' and first performed in Cologne June 13 , 1960 . This was followed by `` Improvisations '' of 1957-1960 , and then an incomplete version of `` Tombeau '' . Since that time `` Don '' became a piece for large orchestra with voice , as an oppositional counterweight to `` Tombeau '' . `` Tombeau '' itself exhibited Boulez 's ongoing interest in finality -LRB- his dedication to Maderna `` Rituel '' etc -RRB- , accumulates itself as it unfolds , as an inevitability of time , further weighing , coaxing the materials to take on , to burden themselves with more distinctions , more internal musical references , more layers added , accreted , and diminshed , but inevitably onward moving , toward greater thresholds of complexity placing itself in a forever impacted realm of musical statement.So these two pillars `` Don '' and `` Tombeau '' were the containers for the three `` Improvisations '' , and something I still do n't feel convice . The ` Improvisations ' grew as self-contained works , with pitched percussive instruments , piano , harp , celesta , crotales , vibraphone , and percussion as developed `` sonnets `` that drew particular attention to the single melodic line , and timbres and rarely do they suggest the orchestral forces to come.Perhaps that was the subversive element at work here , to transcend from the private instrospections -LRB- of the three `` Improvisations '' -RRB- to the overtly theatrical with the orchestral canvas , -LRB- `` Don '' , and `` Tombeau '' -RRB- a labyrinth.Boulez 's aesthetic sense of timeless time is remarkable where the moments always seem to float , as Mallarme 's imagery of white , blanche swan , frozen and opaque does . And the musical percussive moments suggests an ambiguity , this rarefied air , are well prepared , this is what time and work over long periods renders to the Boulez aesthetic , this sense of durational telescoping this uninhabited place where only the imagination , where only jouissance in the Lacanian sense only occurs between moments , in the crevices , behind shapes and forms , as spider webs , as encrustations to the text as implications.Christine Schafer , and the Ensemble Intercontemporain gives great hard edges to this music , and Boulezian clarity is an obvious feature .
 I can not think of any better improvment about this work when you have Boulez himself as a conductor and `` papa '' here -LRB- a bit more `` mellow '' too than 10-15 years ago -RRB- , Christine Sch&auml;fer at her best -LRB- a good singer in general but she is wonderful , GREAT when it comes to modern music -RRB- and best of all ... Enseble Intercontemporain is in this too and THIS team is fantastic togheter.Stunning , modern , a bit `` spooky '' music and it is extremly well performed and sound is also something extra.For modernist lovers this is a safe choice but this is def . not for everyone
 Most of the avant-garde music from Pierre Boulez 's generation is characterized by noise & chaos , but this cd somehow resonates with such a beautiful profound sense of balance , of deliberateness , of perfect order . That does n't mean it 's melodic . I do n't know how he achieves such wholeness from this music , but somehow with his great genius he surely got at the clearest , richest , most meaningful realization of the conception of the music . & I do n't think it could be performed with much more acuity & depth than the Ensemble Intercontemporain has here .
 I have just purchased this CD -LRB- the day it came out ! -RRB- and from what I 've heard , it is amazing , surpassing -LRB- but not replacing -RRB- Boulez 's earlier recording . If you are a fan of Boulez , 20th century music , or music in general , this is a must get .
 01 . Electric Six - Synthesizer02 . Mother & The Addicts - They Do n't Even Like You03 . Franz Ferdinand - Darts Of Pleasure04 . The Tropics - Soon You 'll Be Mine05 . Zoot Woman - Woman Wonder06 . Scissor Sisters - Laura07 Fakesensations - Selfish Girls Stay Thin08 . Diefenbach - Make Your Mind09 . The Earlies - Morning Wonder10 . The Superimposers - Would It Be Impossible11 . The American Analog Set - Hard To Find12 . Grand National - Playing In The Distance13 . Whitey - Why You Have To Be Me14 . LCD Soundsystem - Give It Up15 . Ludes - Your Dog Do n't Bark
 I thought this was a fine live show by The Damned . It was recorded at a special gig for members of The Damned fan club in Shepperton , Surrey . This cd has 10 tracks as followed1.Love Song2.Second Time Around3.I just ca n't be happy today4.Melody Lee5.Help6.Neat Neat Neat -LRB- complete with drum solo in the middle of the song -RRB- 7 . Looking at You -LRB- great cover of the MC5 song -RRB- 8 . Smash it up parts 1 & 29 . New Rose10.Plan 9 Channel 7This originally was released with the Black album in 1980 as a limited edition set . Line up on the disc Dave Vanian Rat Scabies Paul Gray and Captain Sensible . Fans of The Damned should like this . Check it out
 If all you know about the ol' Commander and his crew is `` Lost in the Ozone '' or `` Hot Rod Lincoln '' , then you got ta listen to this stuff . `` Truck Stop at the End of the World '' is a screwball black-humourous take on World War 3 . `` The Home of Rock 'n' Roll '' celebrates `` those yellow Sun Records '' ... and rightly so . `` One More Ride '' is a sad ballad of a dieing hobo , dreaming of one more train ride to somewhere where it 's always warm and dry and `` a hobo is a regular guy '' , while `` Rockabilly Funeral '' is a hilarious deadpan account of a rockabilly star 's burial in his Cadillac , with plenty of reverb on the eulogy.And `` Midnight on the Strand '' demonstrates the Commander 's versatitlity -- it 's pure Big Band swing , years before the Zippers or Setzer 's Big Band made that stylish again .
 All the cds are of Jr. or both . I got this for my grandmother and she was thrilled .
 NSU are big 1960s style guitar anthems . The band sound like a power-trio , even though there are four memebers.These are extended numbers with excellent playing and blues energy . Most of the lyrics are typical blues love fare , but there is a great tribute to the old grass -- in two terrific parts , Great album
 1969 blues-psych . Reminds me of Cream though not as good . Singer is Scottish and really has the accent at times . Good if you like this type of music .
 Have n't purchased this , but having listened to the whole album , I sure will ! . I suggest any fan of acid rock/heavy psych , hard rock , classic rock , blues rock , or early heavy metal bands like Black Sabbath get this album today .
 Do n't let the goofy cover fool you . This is definitely Hallow 's Eve 's best album , and one of the best I 've ever heard . Their succesors were very good but they fall on more common metal grounds . The wide variety of the songs , altough the CD barely hits the half hour , it 's incredible . You can play this album over and over and never get bored by it . Crunching songs like the opening ` Plunging to Megadeath ' with a growling Stacy Anderson , who then , at the middle of the song , transforms his voice into an almost operatic style , the speed of ` The Outer Limits ' showing again the vocal range of Anderson . Then comes two linked songs ` Horrorshow ' and ` The Mansion ' , incredible . The hyperfast ` There Are No Rules ' . The short instrumental ` Valley Of The Dolls '' serves as an intro to one of the best songs of the CD , ` Metal Merchants ' you just wo n't be able to get it off your head . For the gran finale , the best song of the CD , the 8 + minute ` Hallow 's Eve ' , you have to listen to believe it . So , in fewer words , BUY THIS !!! you wo n't regret it .
 Very gald these guys are back , this is the debut album by Hallows Eve and it 's brutal , hard edged , pure thrash the way it was ment to be . When I think of the pure 80 's thrash metal sound I always think of Hallow 's Eve and their first three glorious albums . Solid release , Worth every cent ! \ m / \ m /
 When this album came out it was one of the first heavy recordsthat i bought.The 80 's introduced so many incredible bands and this banddid it for me.The tracks on this are punchy , raw , well written and all out loud.If you love early 80 's heavy bands like Venom , this should do itfor you.The guitar sound is a lot like old venom or Motorhead and the vocals are incredible.The title track HALLOW 'S EVE is the best song on this cd.All of the songs have a great story line and fallow a dark gothik tale.HALLOW 'S EVE is early 80 's thrash , speed metal at its best!If you like this album then try another great early80 's metal band called CIRITH UNGOL .
 Hallows Eve are often overlooked and they were one of the more interesting metal bands to emerge in the early-mid 80 's . Not really consisdered thrash in the truest sense they were more equal parts Venom -LRB- Death Metal -RRB- and Hardcore Punk probably drawing from some of the anarchist bands of the time -LRB- Ie-Crucifix -RRB- . Remember this came out in 85 and very few bands other than Venom , Celtic Frost and the thrash faction of punk -LRB- ie
 i looked everywhere for one song oklahoma and was so surprised when i found this . ilove it i love it
 This is a wicked prog rock/metal band . Their albums are quite tough to get and not well known -LRB- as this is the first review of an album that came out 2 years ago ! -RRB- but it 's a really nice suprise ! I reccomend the album `` Fantasma '' before this one , but if you ca n't find it -LRB- you probably wont ... -RRB- get this ! also very good . It 's a mystery why this band is n't one of the more famous prog rock/metal bands around . Awesome song writing and not-to-techincal playing -LRB- although i love technical playing ! -RRB- though there 's some nice spicy guitar parts here and there . My picks for the best songs are are Meteor , What Do We Know , Venus , Missing The Last Train , and Real Me . Good tunes . The thing that also kind of suprises me about this band is some of the songs are quite accessible and could easily fit in on the radio , which i think would make this band MORE popular . Be sure to get Fantasma also if you like this , since i think it 's even better !
 With this album , Everon hits the high note . There 's not a weak moment IMHO , and the lightest song on the album -LRB- Real Me -RRB- is the best , oddly enough . This band is a unique combination of Saga and Rush , and the albums after this one are also all fives.Do yourself a favour . Progressive rock/metal at it 's best .
 who ever likes rush , saga , or another similar group needs to hear this . In my opinion this cd is the best of this group , has a union between progressive rock and fine lyrics , i have since this all the everon cd 's . Has strength in the playing , harmony and good sound . i recommend this very much they are one of the bests i heard , and i think they need only more support of they record company so can be more known .
 Poison Girls , an early Crass era , political peace-punk band , releases a collection of past greats . From the politically diverse lyrics , to the enchanting , as well as , beautifully sung melodies , you 'll find most of their best on this cd . The songs vary from type , ranging from love songs like `` Promenade Immortelle '' & `` Tender Love '' to the sheer political madness of songs like `` Price of Grain & the Price of Blood '' to the crass favorite `` Dirty Work '' Anyone who likes anything creative and brilliant , should definately buy this and put it in their , `` i 'll keep this cd in my ` Until I die ' '' section . Another great , `` Real Woman '' is just as uplifting .
 Along with Crass , the Poison Girls quickly became a foundation band for the anarcho-punk movement in the 1970s , which went beyond gigs in squatted clubs and the release of material well outside the norms dictated by record companies and their close friends masquerading as `` music critics . `` With Vi Subversa -LRB- guitar/vocals -RRB- and Richard Famous -LRB- guitar/vocals -RRB- the only constant members until the band called it quits in November 1989 - they briefly reunited in 1995 to celebrate the 60th birthday of Vi Subversa - the turnover in musicians seemd to provide renewable energy for the duo . Though `` Bully Boys '' is not on the collection , the 30 tracks is an outstanding career overview and clearly demonstrates the premium placed on exploring a wide range of topics , which includes motherhood - Vi Subversa was a middle-aged mother of two when the band formed in 1976 - gender issues and the special role each person can play in thwarting the drama manipulated by the puppeteers who control career politicians.This 2-CD set is only trumped by the 4-CD `` Statement '' and is a celebration of music that speaks to people of all ages who have the courage to strongly question societal norms and the voracious economic appetite of pop culture .
 Poison Girls was very likely the best punk band of their times ; innovative , angry , filled with energy . and Vi Subversa was the perfect front lady ; more beautiful than Madonna !! This is an excellent collection of an excellent band .
 The name of the label that former gang member turned Latin Soul icon Bataan co-founded and created the name for sums it all up : SALSOUL - - the fusion of `` salsa '' and soul ... Though in his early years MAMWOP would perhaps have better described it -LRB- the fusion of Mambo and Doo Wop -RRB- , this album visits Bataan circa the era when he was fusing Jazzy disco , soul and latin music experiences.Though a weak point of the album is that 16 tracks are far too view to sum up the best of of his productions/recordings , even from this era alone , the strong point is that its still a great album , and focuses on the era that `` free soul '' fans such as myself happen to know him best for , and the tracks are all good and show many sides of his groove , from funk , to disco , and even a straight salsa track ... A high point of the album features his instrumental arrangement of Gil Scott Heron 's THE BOTTLE - - though the entire band cranks out on it , percussion and horns especially , the juicy bass playing is what really gets me going ... note however that there is actually an even better mix available on some compilations featuring the BOTTLE coupled with him singing CHICO AND THE MAN ... Of course two versions of his 1980 hit SADIE -LRB- SHE SMOKES -RRB- , one with Jocelyn Brown are an added bonus ... and I like all the tunes that showcase his incredible `` Lenny William 's '' - ish powerful sweet soul voice ... -LRB- take WHEN YOU 'RE DOWN for example . -RRB- - - however , on all the tracks , vocals aside though , typical to a lot of Latin music of that era , no matter how `` commercial '' it gets something is always happening on an instrumental level , whether its a great flute , rhodes or guitar solo ... The percussion is always hot ... and all the tunes -LRB- give or take one or two -RRB- bump.All in all , if you 're looking for an introduction to Bataan 's music circa his `` disco soul '' era , this is definitely it ... So whether your a fan of the Johnson Brothers , Chic , or the many groups he produced on SALSOUL and are finally ready to rediscover THE MAN ... I say get this ... Also check out Leroy Hutson another great disco era sweet soul singer ...
 If you 're like me , you 're only recently discovering Joe Bataan . This is a man with an interesting past . He is a phenomenal songwriter who knew how to use his voice quite melodically , and he always managed to find musicians to tastefully support his music , which ranged from chill R&B to bumpin disco to blazing salsa . There are a few songs on this album that have become some of my favorites . -LRB- Check out `` Woman Do n't Wan na Love Me '' , `` When Sonny Was Blue '' , and `` Mestizos '' -RRB- If you like the styles mentioned above , I 'd actually recommend getting the two disc greatest hits set . That 's my one regret -- I wanted more after hearing what I heard . Do n't be put off if it seems a bit pricy -LRB- like I was -RRB- . Trust me
 This CD was a very nice find . I 'd heard only two songs by Joe Bataan previously , the first one being his funky reworking of Gil Scott-Heron 's classic `` The Bottle '' and retitled `` La Botella . '' The other tune that had caught my ear was `` Ordinary Guy , '' a seductively catchy tune with a nice cheerful vocal by Joe , reminds me a bit of one of those classic tunes by War . This CD has both of those songs , although we get only the short single version of `` La Botella '' instead of an extended remix . Everything else on here was new to me and I enjoyed most of , although a few songs -LRB- most notably the embarrassing `` Ling Ching Tong '' -RRB- make me reach for the remote `` skip '' option every time . Of the ones that did impress me , the cover of Deodato 's great `` Latin Strut '' is very well done , and tracks like `` Mestizo '' , `` Aftershower Funk '' , and `` When You 're Down -LRB- Funky Mambo -RRB- '' do an excellent job of fusing disco , soul , funk , jazz , and Latin rhythms . Joe Bataan was a very talented singer , performer , and interpreter of other artist 's material , one who should be much better known in the US , particularly in disco/dance music circles . Some of these songs qualify as classics of that genre . If you spent any time in dance clubs in the late 70s and early 80s , or just enjoy creative pop-dance music from that period , a lot of the tunes on here will certainly make you smile . It would have been nice to get some liner notes or a short bio about Joe Bataan , but all you get is the CD and song titles with times and songwriting credits . Nevertheless , this is a good compilation altogether , with lots of music for the money .
 I have only gotten interested in disco in the last few years , but now I am a huge fan . some of my faves include
 Connoisseurs Collection is either a European or Japanese record company that has re-issued several music albums by American artists ; artists like Little Milton , the Royalettes and Dionne Warwick . These recordings are very difficult to find here in the U.S. . I have their version of ` Dionne Warwick On Stage And In The Movies ' and I have this album , ` Dionnes Warwick Sings The Stndards ' . An American record company called Collectors Choice has a remastered version of Warwick 's ` On Stage And In The Movies ' and people say the recorded sound is awful . Well , I can tell you that the 16 bit remastering for both of the Connoiseur Collection CD 's is very good . For those who are having a difficult time finding ` On Stage and In The Movies , this album contains most of the songs on the ` Stage and Movies ' album with the exception of maybe ` Anything You Can Do , I Can Do Better ' . The recording sound is much better here than the Collectors Choice CD and all of the musical arrangements and performances are first rate with twice the amount of songs on it . If you are lucky enough to find this CD on Amazon or at a flea market , buy it . This music is a worthy and essential addition to anyone 's Dionne Warwick Collection .
 I have to admit , that I am a big fan of Miss Warwick , and collect about any CD of hers that I can get my hands on ... I like this collection for the theme of this collection , timeless songs by a timeless singer . I appreciated the materal from her Live in Paris album , which is not available on CD .
 This is an underated band and desreves alot more attention then what they get . I ordered this album online without really knowing anything about this band except for the fact that Tchort was involved and from the opening track I knew I would love it . The atmosphere throughout the whole album is similar to Green Carnation , except with more female vocals , and this is not a bad thing . It is a strong album that surpassed my expectations and I recommend this for anyone into Gothic Metal , Prog , or just Metal in general .
 Then you will LOVE this . These songs seem to fall in between Green Carnations Light of Day , Day of Darness and Blessing in Disguise albums . It has semi-long songs -LRB- 6 to 10 minutes -RRB- and is pretty heavys sometimes but has the same vocals as Green Carnation , plus the involvment of Tchort , who is really talented . GET THIS NOW !
 Epic and grand , proficient and masterful , this is easily one of the very best albums put out by the European metal group . Making an attempt to describe the band is useless , they are too original to give a description to . Imagine Arcturus ' La Masquerade Infernale with the lack of that band 's preference to purely run in the roundabouts in pandemonium or Green Carnation with more tempo variations and more orchestration . If they have influences , there must be so many that when mixed together they create something wholeheartedly original . The opening track , `` 299,692 km/s '' -LRB- for all you Americans who do n't know what this is , that is the speed of light in km rather than miles -RRB- employs a string quartet in several spots of the fifteen-minute song with a truly amazing spot starting at the twelve-minute mark followed by a wonderful topper by way of guitar harmonies.All of their songs flow seamlessly and I would venture a guess that In The Woods was a major influence in Emperor 's ex-member Tchort 's band Green Carnation -LRB- aside from the members helping out with the recording -RRB- . The female vocalist , known as Synne Soprana -LRB- as far as I know , they do n't include information about the members in the album sleeves -RRB- has one of the two best voices in metal today -LRB- the other being , of course , Anneke van Giersbergen from The Gathering -RRB- . The other plus is that their lyrics are wonderfully poetic without succumbing to pretensions.I have owned this CD for over four years now -LRB- this being 2003 -RRB- and it never fails to disappoint , get old or tiresome . As long as you do n't require screeching black metal vocals and throwaway riffs to make your music listening experience fulfilling , these are the elite among the underrated talented artists who musical collaboration ended far too soon . Buy this . This is music for the intelligent and all willing to make the mental venture will be rewarded greatly with satisfaction .5 / 5 and for good reason .
 Enigmatic , ethereal , entrancing . The music of _ Omnio _ immediately exudes an otherworldly quality , the compositions seem impossibly disparate and unfocused , the sonic tapestry almost willfully obscure . Guitars churn , male and female vocals compete and work together in tandem , electronic atmospherics lend the whole a unique edge . Time reveals all however.The opener , speed of light , is a mesmerizing joureny . A sublime orchestral motif dominates the song , the reprise at the end being the powerful highlight . Everything the record will offer is introduced
 Epic and grand , proficient and masterful , this is easily one of the very best albums put out by the European metal scene . Making an attempt to describe the band is useless , they are too original to give a description to . Imagine Arcturus ' La Masquerade Infernale with the lack of that band 's preference to purely run in the roundabouts in pandemonium or Green Carnation with more tempo variations and more orchestration . If they have influences , there must be so many that when mixed together they create something wholeheartedly original . The opening track , `` 299,692 km/s '' -LRB- for all you Americans who do n't know what this is , that is the speed of light in km rather than miles -RRB- employs a string quartet in several spots of the fifteen-minute song with a truly amazing spot starting at the twelve-minute mark followed by a wonderful topper by way of guitar harmonies.All of their songs flow seamlessly and I would venture a guess that In The Woods was a major influence in Emperor 's ex-member Tchort 's band Green Carnation -LRB- aside from the members helping out with the recording -RRB- . The female vocalist , known as Synne Soprana -LRB- as far as I know , they do n't include information about the members in the album sleeves -RRB- has one of the two best voices in metal today -LRB- the other being , of course , Anneke van Giersbergen from The Gathering -RRB- . The other plus is that their lyrics are wonderfully poetic without succumbing to pretensions.I have owned this CD for over four years now -LRB- this being 2003 -RRB- and it never fails to disappoint , get old or tiresome . As long as you do n't require screeching black metal vocals and throwaway riffs to make your music listening experience fulfilling , these are the elite among the underrated talented artists whose musical collaboration ended far too soon . Buy this . This is music for the intelligent and all willing to make the mental venture will be rewarded greatly with satisfaction .5 / 5 and for good reason .
 Being a huge fan of Green Carnation and Agalloch , I decided to pick up this album and their `` Heart Of The Ages '' album at the same time . Honestly , this album seems like exactly what you would get when you cross those two bands . Impressed ? Yes , overall this album was pretty awesome . The dark atmosphere was perfectly created . The female vocals in my opinion were better than the male vocals . A five star review is out of the question because the male vocals in fact were not very impressive at all . At times , I was so impressed with the background elements that I just wished the male vocals would just stop . Overall though , this album was a great purchase and is a must have for any fans of Agalloch , Green Carnation , or Katatonia .
 Epic and grand , proficient and masterful , this is easily one of the very best albums put out by the European metal scene . Making an attempt to describe the band is useless , they are too original to give a description to . Imagine Arcturus ' La Masquerade Infernale with the lack of that band 's preference to purely run in the roundabouts in pandemonium or Green Carnation with more tempo variations and more orchestration . If they have influences , there must be so many that when mixed together they create something wholeheartedly original . The opening track , `` 299,692 km/s '' -LRB- for all you Americans who do n't know what this is , that is the speed of light in km rather than miles -RRB- employs a string quartet in several spots of the fifteen-minute song with a truly amazing spot starting at the twelve-minute mark followed by a wonderful topper by way of guitar harmonies.All of their songs flow seamlessly and I would venture a guess that In The Woods was a major influence in Emperor 's ex-member Tchort 's band Green Carnation -LRB- aside from the members helping out with the recording -RRB- . The female vocalist , known as Synne Soprana -LRB- as far as I know , they do n't include information about the members in the album sleeves -RRB- has one of the two best voices in metal today -LRB- the other being , of course , Anneke van Giersbergen from The Gathering -RRB- . The other plus is that their lyrics are wonderfully poetic without succumbing to pretensions.I have owned this CD for over four years now -LRB- this being 2003 -RRB- and it never fails to disappoint , get old or tiresome . As long as you do n't require screeching black metal vocals and throwaway riffs to make your music listening experience fulfilling , these are the elite among the underrated talented artists whose musical collaboration ended far too soon . Buy this . This is music for the intelligent and all willing to make the mental venture will be rewarded greatly with satisfaction .5 / 5 and for good reason .
 In a day when the majority of music is all flash , dazzle and kiddy pop , ROCK OF ERIN is a fine example of music with a meaning , a breath of fresh air you could say . This cd i believe would not only satisfy your irish traditional fan , but also will capture the fan not familiar to the whimes of the emerald isle . And to top it off this cd was created by musicians that are involved , not for the profit but for their love of history and pride in the struggle endured by their ancestors . With such songs like SHADY GROVE a two century old Appalachain folk tune to RODDY McCorley which narrarates the story of a young soldier in the army of KING JAMES who met the foreign invaders led by WILLIAM OF ORANGE to determine the fate of the irish . ROCK OF ERIN offers a wide assortment of long forgotten tunes . If you are looking for something a little of the beaten path with a genuine sound ROCK OF ERIN should fit your need .
 This CD captures the essence of how the Irish Soldier , during the War Between The States , passed on their history from Ireland . Prison Ships is an EXCELLENT song telling us how the Irish were persecuted and sent far from their homes to Australia . This is a great original effort along with Soldier Boys , Angelus Bells , Welcome , and the title track Rock of Erin . I think the 69th Pa did a superb job with their first effort . ALL proceeds go towards Civil War Battlefield Preservation and Educational Projects that the 69th Pa are well known . This CD is a pleasant change from the other Civil War CDs available . If you like traditional Irish Music , this one is a MUST . Keep up the good work .
 Ever since I heard the Fenice Orchestra in Venice play the Malipiero `` Sinfonia delle campane '' I 've been convinced that Malipiero 's contributions to Western music have been on par with those of Stravinsky , Bartok , Casella , Roussel , and a few others.The `` Campane '' is evocation music plus prismatic content that deepens every time you hear it . It 's a masterpiece . The `` In Memoriam '' sinfonia for Natalie Koussevitsky sounds better than it promises on the page ; here Malipiero finds a rather nude style that nods toward Casella 's neoclassicism but leaves it as a study and an exercise , a technique for this specific memorial . The exercise is superb.The early `` Sinfonia del mare '' is a contemporary of Debussy 's `` La Mer '' but that 's where the similarity ends . Malipiero 's sea is definitely that stormy place where the lapping Adriatic meets the raging Ionian of the Calabrese coastline -- breathtakingly beautiful and at a turn , violent . Aside from little `` themelets '' stuck in and around in arbitrary places , this sea music outdoes and outdeepens Ibert and Debussy whose unfortuante familiarity has made them a little tiresome.Almeida is a distinguished choice for conductor
 Marco Polo , Malipiero specialist and friend John Waterhouse , and Antonio de Almeida must be warmly thanked for bringing to the public works as uniquely original and personal as the Symphonies of Malipiero . I 've enthusiastically reviewed other instalments in this series , published in the mid 1990s -LRB- Malipiero
 This lovely music is both classical at times and contemporary in mood and style . It is inspired both by music from the past as well as Latin American folklore . It can be in a classical style -LRB- prelude and fugue -RRB- and romantic as well . Witten 's playing is wonderful and catches the spirit of music that is languid , spirited and always rewarding listening .
 Seventy minutes of live doom that are well worth the money for Candlemass fans . In general , the live songs are faster than the studio versions , which gives their set added energy and almost a power-metal vibe . For such black cats , they interact with the audience well too . One highlight for me is the pair of songs `` Well of Souls '' and `` Dark Are the Veils of Death '' and how the band transitions from one to the other .
 The strength in Messiah 's voice is even more powerful in this awesome collection of songs ! Even better than Ancient dreams or nightfall ! This is a must have ! Mine was stolen once ... you better believe I ordered a new one .
 Beware the UPC code for both CANDLEMASS - LIVE and CANDLEMASS - CHAPTER VI are the same , It took me a while but I finally found out that Peaceville used the same sticker UPC for Chapter VI ! In very small letters on the back of the Chapter VI album are the actual correct Barcode 801056721624 numbers.Candlemass Live has the barcode 801056721525 which also was turned into a sticker and placed on Chapter VI !!! This is very important BECAUSE I kept getting the WRONG CD . . had to order Candlemass from JapanLive in Stockholm June 9,1990 . The cover artwork of the Metal Blade cover differs from the cover artwork of the European Music For Nations -LRB- MFN 109 -RRB- pressing.The European pressing includes the bonus track `` The Bells Of Acheron '' -LRB- 4:51 -RRB- as track # 8 . The American version is missing `` The Bells of Acheron '' and `` Crystal Ball '' is only on MFN 's 2 LP version.Okay unto the show
 these guys were the cream of the doom metal crop late 80s/early 90s . melodically heavy and great musicanship they are very black sabbath insired and can definetly pick up the pace and move.thi live cd is recorded very well and candlemass was in rare form for these recording.get a piece of history buy this cd .
 these guys were the cream of the doom metal crop late 80s/early 90s . melodically heavy and great musicanship they are very black sabbath insired and can definetly pick up the pace and move.thi live cd is recorded very well and candlemass was in rare form for these recording.get a piece of history buy this cd .
 I bought this CD for my son at his request . He loves the CD .
 G.O.A.T is a awesome cd a must have for hip hop fans . LL raps off the hook on `` Back Where I Belong '' which features JA Rule . That song along with `` Fuhgidabowdit '' , `` Homicide '' , and `` Queens Is '' are what makes this cd great . LL Cool J is if not the greatest is pretty close . I suggest you pick up this cd as soon as possible because it will be hot for a long time .
 The album takes you on a lyrical roller coaster from the first to the last track . As soon as you hear the intro , its then you realize that you have just made a great buy . LL starts with an intro that foreshadows the rest of the album then moves on to this nice relaxed jam . Then he spits out the lyrical attacks and challenges . He also does a nice job of addressing a few real issues as well , which is different than most rappers out there . This CD is a must buy . So go get it , cause its like the man says Greatest Of All Time .
 Whether you agree or not that LL is the G.O.A.T. -LRB- the Greatest of All Time -RRB- , you will agree that this album is almost flawless with a few bangers.Among the winners
 This album is simply the best ever by mr. Smith . i have been a fan ever since and this artist has always been my favourite and this is simply because he keeps it real , no matter what . hats off to you Mr.Smith . Just wanted to know seeing that my country has hosted scores of concerts from rap , hip hop , reggea to soca will you be gracing our shores any time soon .
 After taking a long break from rapping , LL Cool J seems to hold his own on this one , with pretty good production and talented guests , this one is sure to go platinum . Congratulationz to LL Cool j , I thought you fell off , you proved me wrong !
 Everyone should buy this album.It 's the best album he ever recorded.The album is a must have cd for all true LL fans.All the tracks are slamin from start to finish.Like the title say `` Greatest Of All Time '' .
 LL Cool J 's new cd is pretty good , the best songs on it is homocide and the well know song Imagine that , he goes back to the old school with the song farmers . Another sure to be hit is hello hello which is sorta like imagine that except sicker , the only problem with the cd is the title , even though he 's been here for a while I would n't consider him one of the best in the bussiness . If you like LL then you 'll love this sure to classic cd . It 's worth the money .
 it has been a few years since LL last album PHENONMENON.well , it is one of his best CD 's I 've heard in a while , but anyways you must get this CD , even if you do n't like LL , just listen to it and you will be amazed of how he teamed up with REDMAN , METHODMAN , JA RULE , DMX , SNOOP , AMIL , XZIBIT , JAYO FELONY , PRODIGY , AND KELLY PRICE.So , the bottom line is if you hate him or love him just buy it you wiil like it.This is to you LL if you read this keep it up and do n't forget about your fans.ONE LOVE , GEORGE E RODRIQUEZ JR
 When i bought this album I expected it to be a bangin joint and when I played it ... all I can say is that its tight . You got ta check out joints like `` Imagine That '' , `` Take It Off '' and `` Fuhgidabowdit '' . Other ill joints are `` Farmers '' and `` Hello '' what the heck every song is fresh . This is way better than his previous joint `` Phenomenon '' . Get this one , it sure is butta ... its great to see the one of tha greatest back in tha game !!!!
 LL cool J has finally gotten it together . After 14 Shots to the Dome , LL -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- has n't had a good album until now . I 've been an LL fan since the begining , and he is the only rap I listen to . It 's good to see that he finally has it back together . It may not be his best , of course Mamma Said Knock You Out is his all time best and will never be topped , but it is probably his second best or third .
 For me the stand-out songs are definitely `` Your Love '' -- which features Doyle 's exquisite haunting vocals , `` Chasing Bees '' -- which has a nice rollicking rhythm and gorgeous lyrics , `` View of the Child '' -- which is lovely , contemplative and sad , `` All The Pretty Horses '' -- which is the most aching lullaby-like tune you 'll ever hear and `` Last Exit to Surrey '' -- which appears to be an autobiographical song about being strong in the face of the suicide of the singer 's father . All is not doom and gloom on this CD , however . The tone is always surprisingly upbeat even when dealing with painful subject matter . Definitely worth checking out !
 If your looking for music that is true to life and chills u out on a sunny sfternoon then buy this cd ... beautiful voice !
 Hi , I 'm not normally known for posting , but hey I got this CD with my girlfriend at the time , from Laura herself in Vancouver , how cool is that ? and of course her dog helped =-RRB- . The music is great and Laura seems very cool . I think you should give her a chance . You ca n't go wrong in buying this CD . Not too many other CDs deserve your cash like this one does .
 This is a great CD !! Laura has a wonderful voice and the whole album makes you feel . I also met Laura briefly on the streets of Vancouver , BC . She is as real as her music . You need to buy this one !
 yeah , ... this is n't as great as `` mysteriis '' , but who cares , ... brutal as a really brutal thing , . . buy it , you wo n't be disanpointed , ... hellhammer , maniac , blasphemer and necro putcher , ... do i need to say more ?
 Mayhem is back , and I must say this EP is hope for the future of black metal . The guitar work on this album is totally chaotic and Hellhammer 's drumming is superb . Personally I ca n't wait for Mayhem 's next LP .
 Let me tell you , this is one hell of a great cd . One of the things that make this cd so awesome is the drumming of Hellhammer . This guy plays with such ferocity and intensity . The other is Necrobutcher playing bass . You can really hear the power behind it . WLA is one of myfavorite Mayhem albums . My favorite track is Fall of Seraphs . I ca n't wait for the new Mayhem album `` Chimera '' . Totally recommended .
 This may be my favourite Mayhem album of all . As opposed to the crude `` deathcrushing '' sound of their early stuff & the atmospheric shred of `` De Mysteriis , '' this album tends more towards technical chaotic black/death metal , really unlike anything else I 've heard before . Usually very fast , sometimes atmospheric -LRB- all done w/out synths , except for the ambient intro track -RRB- , and always hellish - every aspect of this music is absolutely insane , and it definitely gives hope for a grim future .
 Even after they lost half their band to suicide , murder and a murder conviction the band was later rebuilt to form the new Mayhem and the recording of this album . If you are into old Mayhem , then you are sure to like this album . It has that good old raw black metal sound they were best known for .
 This is the first release from the current Mayhem lineup -LRB- Maniac , Hellhammer , Necrobutcher , Blasphemer -RRB- and it is a strong return . The production is excellent and the songs are great . Hellhammer 's drumming is insane , Maniac 's vocals are evil , Blasphemer 's guitar style is very good and he shows more range in his skills than Euronymous . I think the length of the cd and five songs are just right , short and to the point . This is a band with alot to prove and they show plenty of anger and energy on Wolf 's Lair Abyss . This is the best studio release of current lineup and I would also get the live Mediolanum Capta Est cd as well . That also has great production , they deliver the songs with the same ferocity and they 're better now in concert than back in the days of Dead & Euronymous . The instruments are played better and the the band just sound so much more cohesive and together as a unit than in the past . Make it your duty to get Wolf 's Lair Abyss and Mediolanum Capta Est. . Listen to them both and give me a nod if you found the review helpful . If you did n't well then drop dead ! = -RRB-
 Mayhem are a band haunted by their past . Whatever they do , there will always be the debate as to whether or not they are the `` true '' Mayhem , should they play live , and are the current members even a shadow of ghosts long Dead?Who knows . Who cares . The important thing should be
 That 's what this AMAZING recording from Mayhem sounds like . As if all the violence and insanity from their past were somehow transformed into this intense Black Metal . You can talk about singers for this band all you want , in my opinion the work Maniac has done on this and Chimera will stand the test of time . I 'm sure we 'd all love to hear Dead on every Mayhem recording , but sadly that 's not going to happen . The info I have is that Maniac will not be singing on the new one this year ; big mistake.At only 24 minutes and 42 seconds -LRB- on my counter -RRB- , Wolf 's Lair Abyss will invade your mind like a mental demon bent on the pure corruption of your soul . If this is n't in your collection , may you be forced to rot in an afterlife poisoned with nothing but American Idol retards for eternity .5 STARS !!! HAIL ! HAIL ! HAIL ! MAYHEM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Being that this is the first Mayhem album without Euronymous , this is a fairly interesting one . This is proof that even without Mayhem 's former `` leader , '' they can still manage to pump out some blistering and worthy black metal . This is n't as raw as Deathcrush or the legendary DMDS ; the production is much more clean , dry and sharp . Maniac is back on vocals , and to say the least , his style is much different than it was on Deathcrush . Instead of his former Deathcrush style screams , he 's got more of a guttural and gritty shriek going on.Many , and I mean many , will be put off by Maniac 's vocals . Maniac almost sounds like he 's got cicadas and beetles in his throat while he sings from his stomach . Some people may pick up on his singing right away , others may find it to be an acquired taste , and then the rest will despise his singing . At times Maniac 's singing reminds me of Smeagol from Lord of the Rings , but I still manage to enjoy it when I 'm not thinking of those big bug eyes and that voice that calls out for his precious . Blasphemer puts on a satisfactory performance , but his guitar sounds a little rusty and anhydrous ... but it does the job decently . Some of the material sounds rather DMDS-ish -LRB- Ancient Skin , I Am Thy Labyrinth -RRB- . The drumming is rather brisk , but it 's much more varied than what I expected from Mayhem - instead of the majority of just blast beats there is a lot more interchanging between double bass , snare , and cymbals . Of course this is Mayhem , so all of the songs with the exception of the opening instrumental are fast and tenacious . The opening track is a bit too long , using a clip in length of a minute or less would have done the job instead of almost two and a half minutes of thick swirling wind sounds accompanied by some static . Not only that , but this is far too short -LRB- I 've seen the price on this album going for as much as a regular CD , which I find to be a tad ridiculous -RRB- . It 's a worthy purchase for sure , but I have my doubts about it being worth the amount of an album , which uses up all of the space available on the CD . Get it sometime , but do n't put it ahead of a kick ass full-length that you might be looking for .
 This is a great , great cd . As the first Mayhem release with the current lineup , they came right out of the box with a masterpiece of unanticipated power . Each track is just monstrous in every way ; and the production is some of the very best you 'll likely ever hear on a black metal release . Note that this contains the first part of their epic full - length release `` Grand Declaration Of War '' , so be sure to buy both . You wo n't be disappointed if raw , seriously dangerous metal is what you 're looking for .
 Inspiring masterpieces like this one are seldom being released . Mayhem brings the listener back to the time of jesus - his preaching , introspections , and prophesies . Outstanding lyrics , great vocals , and fast music .
 Did you ever make a declaration of love ? How about a declaration of hate ? A declaration of hate adressed to the whole humanity ? Why am I saying this ? Because this album is the most eloquent acoustic expression of hate , anger and misanthropy.Some of you are gon na tell me that I should look for the `` most hatefull '' album in discographies of bands like Napalm Death , Sepultura , Suffocation or Slayer . While , to those bands , the hate is the violent decomposure of violence , to Mayhem , it appears as a more intimate feeling.I was knocked down when I first listened to this album . The 4 songs are like a hurricane ... I have n't sensed so much anger spitted in humanity 's face than in that short interlude from Ancient Skin , when Maniac declares with profetic , clean voice `` I 've captured the moment given , I denied the sickening love , turned to the purity of anger . `` Al the 4 songs have an incredible weight , given by the intensity of the riffs and the heavy , very good drumming and a speed unexlored before , even by Mayhem . There is one song , Ancient Skin , in wich the band says `` This is who we are '' . The song starts very fast , and a feeling of `` deja-vu '' takes place , but , after 1 minute , Hellhammer rises the tempo of the drumming , the speed reaches an unexpected high level , simultaneously with the transition to the very dense web of riffs -LRB- typical to this Wolf 's Lair Abyss -RRB- , preparing for Maniac 's entrance . His part consist of the most violent vocals ever recorded on a black metal album.This album fascinated me since the first audition . The intro - the breathing of a septic body and the trumpets annnouncing a new Era -LRB- in black metal -RRB- , followed by the unleashing of high speed and immense brutallity and a very good instrumental technique.This is one amazon black metal release ...
 Mayhem are a band haunted by their past . Whatever they do , there will always be the debate as to whether or not they are the `` true '' Mayhem , should they play live , and are the current members even a shadow of ghosts long Dead?Who knows . Who cares . The important thing should be
 after Demysteriis Dom Sathanas it 's 1997 's best surprise . it has what i consider the most devastating , insanely technical black metal songs i 've heard so far
 This album is the best release of the `` New Mayhem '' . Total insane , brutal black metal . Only for people that like primitive raw black metal . Hellhamer plays in an incredible way , necrobutcher give an atmospheric sound to the tracks , and maniac voice is totaly inhuman . WLA is a must have . !
 If you were n't around for the Nasties ' in 1985-90 , you missed a visual and sonic force that left many an impression on our fortunate eyes and ears . After their early `` Wage of Mayhem '' demo , Nasty Savage was signed to Metal Blade and put out this debut album . Upon release and first listen , I had to walk 10 blocks back home . That 's how far it blew me away . Nasty Ronnie , star of stage , screen , and radioactivity , brings this unholy confluence to a boil . On this platter , he is a one-man demolition squad of terror , morbity , and bizarre sex . Underneath his delivery , is some of the most well-thought out , technically proficient playing to be found in the genre . Curtis Beeson has to be one of the most precise and creative drummers in all of metaldom ! `` Nasty Savage '' as an album , brings the best of Mercyful Fate and Slayer , and couples them with a Frank Zappa-esque flair for musicality . Twisted , brilliant , and cohesive . Brutal Finesse ! Buy It !
 This album was not death metal or even thrash metal by today 's standards . It was , however , an incredible debut that I ended up owning on cassette , album form , and finally , CD . Unfortunately , Nasty Savage sounded best when they werent trying to be heavy . Some bands do -LRB- Metallica , Possessed come to mind immediately -RRB- , just check out the incredible original version of XXX -LRB- available on Metal Massacre 6 -RRB- and then listen to the much faster , more aggressive , and much less interesting version on the CD ` Indulgence ' and see what I mean . -RRB- This album is actually very good `` idontknowwhatyouwouldcategorizethisstuffas '' metal for this time period . For some reason , they decided to use more death metal growls and faster beats on future records and that made them sound like they were trying to do too much ... This album is their crowning glory .
 Of all the metal bands of the eighties , Nasty Savage is at the very top in terms of uniqueness , crazy riffs and lyrics , and mixing bizarre melodies with brutal heaviness . This band will make your head spin ... in a good way . After all these years , I always go back to Nasty Savage ... and this record in particular - it is a brilliant piece of work for such a young act . `` No Sympathy , '' `` Gladiator , '' `` Asmodeus '' - you ca n't pick a bad track on this one.Nasty Savage got a little more death metal leaning on later records - losing some of the hooks and unique vocals , so this debut is the most straight up metal of their output . You really ca n't go wrong with any of their records though and I 'm thrilled to say that their brand new album -LRB- after 14 years !! -RRB- Psycho Psycho is just pulverizing.This is a band I ca n't stop rooting for . Definitely worth your $ $ $ .
 got this one for my girlfriend , she really likes it a lot so im happy , sometimes sounds a lot like king diamond haha but what can i say it sounds good !
 After I owned this in the early 90 's -LRB- I was in Ft. Worth/Dallas Texas then -RRB- I have to say that it is by far one of the best metal albums that I have ever heard , very well produced and I wonder what happened to them . I named my chow dog after the song Asmodeus off this album/cd .
 This disc is simply gorgeous ! I love classic movie scores , and this is one of my favorite collections . The `` Gunga Din '' and `` The Charge of the Light Brigade '' themes are so well done you can imagine each scene from the movie as it is played . These are my two favorite scores in the collection because the various themes are each given their own track . -LRB- And I already had the other scores on another compilation ! -RRB- It really is a must for classic movie lovers !!!!!
 This was the Ep that introduced me into the world of Cud , and I now own every album , single , and bootleg -LRB- Thanks to Gabriel at Tonka ! -RRB- . I first heard Magic on San Francisco 's Live 105 , and loved the smooth vocals and great hooks . I just happened to be recording a few songs , and captured this great tune . About a year later I was able to track down a copy of this CD single , and the rest is history.My favorite track is ` Now ' which is fast and furious , and just punches you in the gut . But I think the two songs that best capture the overall style and unique proposition of Cud are the songs ` Robinson Crusoe ' and ` Hey , Boots ' , the former of which was a standalone single . They are what I classify as `` Manchester jangly pop '' and really highlight the fun and frivolity of the band.If you 're looking for a place to start with Cud , I highly recommend this EP .
 I sit here with beer in hand laughing , about to write a review for a CD that only 1 person will ever search for , because other than me , I have got to be the only 41 year old metalhead lunatic that gets drunk , smokes a little , and plays underground CD 's from the 80 's . Fortunately , my wife lets me go and does n't bug me , cuz that would be grounds for divorce . Possessed is amazing here with the only death metal act on here , Nasty Savage is awesome power metal , Steele Assassin is forgetable , their singer is generic at best , Hades rules here with radio-friendly metal that was released before it 's time , The Obsessed sounds like an awesome Ozzy while in Black Sabbath cover band , Martyr 's Stand or Die is so/so at best with falsetto vocals , Hallows Eve is decent thrash , Hirax is uninspriring punk on a metal album , which , at the time of this release -LRB- '84 or ' 85 ? -RRB- were at war with metal heads , the two groups disliked each other until bands like DRI , Crumbsuckers , and SOD brought them together . Overall , if you are looking to see what early metal sounded like , pick this up .
 Dear Freinds , this is certainly one of the best Heavy Metal collections of the 80 's . You 're not alone my friend from Reading , PA. . . !!!!
 this cd collects some of the best metal massacre . whether it is fantasy , etal or death and thrash it is all here . buy it !!
 the BEST track on this cd is track # 3
 OK , i got this CD by mistake , and when i started to play it i was like , is this sandra st. victor from the family stand ! I had to look at the CD cover again . Her music is tight , and she can SANG ! Great CD , Blue eye soul from a new artist . Pick up the CD , you will be surpised !
 If you even like Anastacia , you really should add this 2 disc CD to your collection . The first CD is classic and the 2nd has those wonderful remixes that are great for putting in your MP3 player and going for a great brisk walk or just playing outloud at home to dance your butt off.Enjoy !!
 This cd contains all the great songs that make us so love Anastacia . She is at her best and a must have for your collection .
 I got a chance to buy this album after saving up some money for it . I thought I was getting a CD set in a typical case , but Sony decided to make it in the size of a book , and put the CD 's in the sleeves of the book , which I do n't like about the CD set . The 1st CD has some of her best CD 's , and I believe they were put in the order of song 's release . I 'm Outta Love gave Anastacia her big break . Not That Kind is ok , but not my overall favorite though . Cowboys & Kisses sounds a bit country , which had this song been released in the United States , it might have been lucky to get promoted on AC stations , as Pop stations would n't have touched this song . As for the Freak of Nature Album , Paid my Dues being a song about Anastacia finally making it big in the music business . I usually do n't hear songs about that . One Day in Your Life is the European version , where it sounds a bit computerized , plus the song fades out as she sings toward the end , where the American version had a few extra seconds of instrumental music at the end . I prefer the American version better . Why 'd You Lie to Me reminds me of someone that cheated on me , and can relate to the song . You 'll Never Be Alone is one of my favorite love songs.From the Anastacia album , this album has Left Outside Alone , which is my overall favorite song from her . It has a rock sound to it . I only wished Sony did a better job trying to promote this song in the United States , but they did n't do a good job at it . Sick & Tired & Heavy on My Heart , being emotional songs , talking about her struggle with Breast Cancer , and overcoming it . As for the New Songs , I like the duet she did with Ben Moody , and the song also appears on the Fantastic Four Soundtrack . I Belong to You would be a good song in my book , if Eros Rammonazzi -LRB- Do n't believe the name is spelled right -RRB- sang his part in English , instead of Italian . Now if this album had been released in the United States , that song would either have been sung with someone else in place of Eros , or removed completely . The Club Megamix should have been left off of disc 1 , as it did n't sound right at all . It was mish-mashed songs , which I do n't like . The 2nd disc has the remixes , which is where I want to hear the remixes.As for Dance remixes , I heard the I 'm Outta Love -LSB- Hex Hector Radio Edit -RSB- at a South Bend Indiana nightclub in 2000 , which exposed me to Anastacia 's music . Left Outside Alone -LSB- M * A * S * H Radio Mix -RSB- sounds a bit bland , but the Jason Nevins Global Club Edit of the same song fits the lyrics & beat better . Sick and Tired -LSB- Jason Nevins Funkrock Remix Edit -RSB- in my opinion should n't even been remixed . To me , it does n't sound right speeded up . One Day in Your Life -LSB- Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Club Mix -RSB- is a bit too long for my listening preference . The Almighty Mix version of the same song fits my style better . Love Is a Crime -LSB- Thunderpuss Club Mix -RSB- & Cotto 's Doin ' the Crime Mix are both good remixes , and could n't stop listening to them . I only wished the original was included on disc 1 . Sick and Tired -LSB- Jason Nevins Funkrock Remix Edit -RSB- & Jason Nevins Electrochill Remix Edit are also good remixes , though I believe the Jason Nevins Electrochill Remix Edit is the better version . Lastly I like Boom -LSB- Thunderpuss Tribe-A-Pella Mix -RSB- , which sounds close enough to the original . The song from FIFA , which makes me wan na dance , whether to the original , or the remix.If it were n't for the book case & the album leaving off Boom & Love is a Crime from disc 1 , I 'd give the album 5 stars .
 So many rare mixes made it onto the bonus disc , but even the ones that SEEM like full length versions are actually edits , including Thunderpuss 's `` Love is a Crime '' and Hex & Quayle 's `` One Day in My Life '' . Track times for disc 2 are :1 . i 'm outta love -LRB- hex radio edit -RRB- -LRB- 4:00 -RRB- 2 . left outside alone -LRB- mash edit -RRB- -LRB- 3:57 -RRB- 3 . paid my dues -LRB- s-man 's darkstar mix -RRB- -LRB- 5:17 -RRB- 4 . sick & tired -LRB- nevins funkrock edit -RRB- -LRB- 3:24 -RRB- 5 . why 'd you lie to me -LRB- nu soul DnB mix -RRB- -LRB- 6:38 -RRB- 6 . love is a crime -LRB- thunderpuss mix -RRB- -LRB- 7:46 -RRB- 7 . not tha kind -LRB- kerri chandler edit -RRB- -LRB- 3:45 -RRB- 8 . one day in your life -LRB- hex & quayle club mix -RRB- -LRB- 8:26 -RRB- 9 . left outside alone -LRB- jason nevins global club edit -RRB- -LRB- 3:44 -RRB- 10 . not that kind -LRB- ric wake club final -RRB- -LRB- 7:05 -RRB- 11 . love is a crime -LRB- cotto 's doin the crime mix -RRB- -LRB- 6:33 -RRB- 12 . boom -LRB- thunderpuss tribe-a-pella -RRB- -LRB- 6:49 -RRB- 13 . one day in your life -LRB- almighty mix -RRB- -LRB- 6:07 -RRB- 14 . sick and tired -LRB- nevins electrohill edit -RRB- 3:25 -RRB-
 Good mix of her greatest songs . Although it is hard because I think all her songs are great .
 Foreign to most Americans -LRB- although known for her breat cancer triumph -RRB- , Anastacia is a SUPERSTAR across the pond and into the mountains . Amassing herself a sizable catalog of hits , 2005 is the time for a required collected works to hit distant shores . And the result ? Pretty darn good.Opening with the soaring `` I 'm Outta Love '' , the tracks the precede in the order they were released . Most the material off the `` Not that Kind '' and `` Freak Of Nature '' is typical girl with big voice material . The outstanding expections are the unreal `` One Day In Your Life '' , `` Cowboy 's And Kisses '' , and `` You 'll Never Stand Alone '' -LRB- presented here in it 's richer , more complex US release reworked mix -RRB- . Beginning with `` Left Outside Alone '' and straight through the closing notes of the album we are given some truly great , amazing , and inspired music . `` Anastacia '' -LRB- the album -RRB- finally has Ms. Stacia rockin her true voice . It 's a true shame that album has failed to surface domestically . Given the climate of girl rock and heavy lyrics the album could finally give Anastacia some major hits on US charts . And what about these new songs ? `` In Your Eyes '' is a competent rock ballad , but hold on to your seats for the collection 's true gem , `` Pieces Of A Dream '' . A deep , rich , and challenging ballad that fits Anastacia 's voice and latest sounds perfectly . Almost sounding like a throw away from `` Anastacia '' , this song is no one 's sloppy seconds . The one off track ? The duet with Eros . He definatley has a market , but this track should have been left off.Sadly some really amazing tracks were not released as singles ; `` Overdue Goodbye '' , `` How Come The World Wo n't Stop '' , `` Time '' , `` Rearview , and the beautiful b-sided `` Underground Army '' far surpass some of the tunes selected for radio and release . But ulitmately this is a singles release and present the artist 's best known tracks.The `` special edition '' comes with a bonus remix disc featuring a collection of dance mixes . It 's truly genuis idea that is a welcome choice from the ever popular additional DVD that is popping up everywhere . Most of the tracks have had releases elsewhere , but for US fans it 's a great chance to get them all in one spot without have to search . Some tunes are repeated and having rarities -LRB- b-sides and rare mixes -RRB- would have made this disc truly amazing.The packaging also deserves a nod . The designers really rocked out and made this release memorable . The CD 's are house inside the inner sleeves or a little hardcover book -LRB- the album cover is still intact and looks breathtaking -RRB- . The pages of the book feature the photos apparently taken for the since cancelled US release of `` Anastacia '' and re-shot `` Left Outside Alone '' video . The full lyrics and credits are included on the high glass , glossy stock paper . The CD 's are a bit hard to get out of the sleeve and can become scratched easily if not handled with a little TLC . So be careful with this one !! The final product is a great one . Anastacia is an amazing singer/songwriter with a great collection of hits to draw from . In the season of `` best of/greatest hits '' collections this one is stand out above the rest .
 this would be a good time for america to wake up and embrace this tremendously talented singer . how this woman is not as successful in the usa as she is in europe is beyond me . so many great songs here . from the dance/pop/r + b of her first two albums , to the rock influenced hits from her third album . this is a great way to catch up if you 've missed out on anastacia.also includes `` everything burns '' with ben moody from evanesence and her gorgeous duet with italian superstar eros romazotti , `` i belong to you ''
 Love it ! Anastacia 's Greatest Hits . This release that I purchased was the import . Please note
 I just got this today from UK Amazon -LRB- cheaper than on here -RRB- and I was stunned that it came in a `` book '' - like package . The package is amazing and beautiful with the lyrics inside on the pages . The CDs are in sleeves in the front and back of the package.But what really counts is the tracks and amazing remixes on the remix CD . By the way , the description on here is wrong for the special edition . There is no DVD included in the packaging
 The very best of Anastacia !!! There are all her albums ' hit singles , and this should be enough to decide to buy it , but the new tracks make it a real masterpiece !!! ` Pieces of a dream '' s simply hypnotizin ' and addictin ' , and with ` Everything Burns ' you 'll cry and shout as you 've never done !!! ` In your eyes ' and ' I belong to you ' with Eros Ramazzotti are romantic and touchin ' , great songs !!! The ` Megamix ' , mmmh , well , is a mega-mix !!! It 's too bad she did n't include her single ` Boom ' , but if you 're a real fan of Anastacia , absolutely , in any case , YOU MUST OWN IT !!!
 I absolutely love this collection ; it is her best . Any one that is looking for a great collection on a great artist ; this is it . I for one ; would have rather have other versions of her remixed songs ; but they will suffice . I love Anastasia ; she 's a wonderful artist , a talented woman and a survivor .
 I first viewed Anastacia about 15 years ago on MTV a talent show if you will . She placed in second which was a joke . Anatacia has the `` WHOLE '' package !!! I live in Florida and she is Hot here . It is to bad that the rest of the USA does not play or carry her music . She by far is a True Diva ! This CD is `` outstanding '' as well as her others were . This is the best of Anastacia and has new releases that have not been released in the USA . It is a double CD and is simply more than I could have asked for . The first CD is the best of her singles and some new songs , the second is if you will a dance mix of her singles which again I will say is `` outstanding '' My Compaion and I had the Pleasure of seeing her live and I have yet to see another female artist give what she has in the pop world . When comes to great muics for dance and Love this is it ! I only again wish that the USA would treat this Diva as she should be instead of her having to cross seas to become a HOT Female Artist . Anastacia has the Voice , look , body , personality and the presentation to out any female pop artist out today in the USA ! I look forward to her next release knowing it will be better than that last as each one is . Oh this comes so wonderfuly packaged with a huge book like carrier . With words to each of her songs and some wonderful pictures of her . If you even think you like Her this is a Must have!Joey C. & Jimmy W.
 This is Anastacia at her best all the hits are here plus 4 new tracks this woman can sing her voice ranks up there with the greats like Mariah Carey , Whitney Houston , Cleine Dion and Faith Hill.She 's really not that popular here in the United States Which to me is a crying shame but over in Europe she is one of there superstars.I really love her I can realte to alot of her songs it is like she knows what I am feeling my favorite songs of her 's are I 'm Outta Love , Not That Kind , Paid My Dues , Left Outside Alone . -LRB- to tell you the truth I love all her songs -RRB- . With the special edition you get rare remixes of her songs some of the remixes are full lenght some are radio edits.Anastacia I 'm your # 1 Fan THANK YOU FOR MUSIC AND YOUR GIFTED VOICE TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF AND GOD BLESS YOU !!!!!!!!!!!
 Anastacia is ... the worlds best kept secret ! And this mix of greatest hits is the best way to join in on all the RAVE !
 First things first , Anastacia got the shaft in the US , period . Why ??? Because stupid radio programmers would n't add her music to radio playlists here ... she is one of a kind , a total original , and radio programmers want dumbed-down , cliche-ridden crap ... those people are fearful of the real deal , cuz if Americans ever heard `` Left Outside Alone '' , they would go nuts . Now , what gets me is why the heck Sony BMG would n't use OTHER avenues to promote her unique brand of music ??? They could have still released `` Anastacia '' to the American public and used TV or internet promotion ??? Sheesh ... now Kelly Clarkson is having hits with a sound Anastacia perfected ... Anyhoo , her masterpiece of a 3rd album was not heard by most Americans so it 's pointless to release this GORGEOUS hits collection here ... too bad really , as it 's got the goods . The track order shows Anastacia 's evolution as a songwriter , singer and all-around artist , starting in a Chaka Khan/Taylor Dayne hybrid soul/dance/pop vein -LRB- with some rock , funk and even country touches thrown in -RRB- , then evolving organically into more of a hard rocker , like an edgy Tina Turner , whilst still maintaining her strength and trademark otherworldly soulful voice intact ... The track selection is first rate ... where 's that DVD though ??? Mine did n't have one !!!!! The hits are in chronological order , the 5 new songs are worthy and nice , mostly ballads , which are fine in Anastacia 's hands ... that megamix is pretty cool too . Of the new tracks , I love the new single and title track `` Pieces Of A Dream '' the most . The second remix disc is good to have as well , but I 'd much rather have had a disc -LRB- or 2 -RRB- of odds and ends , like B-sides and rarities -LRB- she has TONS -RRB- ... maybe one will come out or I might have to put one together myself.I wonder what it will take for Anastacia to really break her own home market ... or is it too late ??? It sucks but I do n't care , I 'll just buy imports ... I 'm only bummed about not getting to see her live at a NYC club/venue ... performing these songs.Oops , almost forgot , the pristine packaging , wow !!!!!!! Stunning layout and photography , mostly in glorious black + white , with full lyrics interspersed throughout ... that alone is worth the price of this package , preferably in the deluxe edition than the jewelcased single disc edition ... there , you do n't get the remixes either , so it pays to get the deluxe one ...
 The CD is great . Every song has its own personality and that makes the entire CD very diverse . I especially love the mixes on the second disc .
 The order was processed and shipped speedy and the product was in great condition . Very pleased with the service and I would definitely shop from this seller again .
 Great cd , excellent price and less than a week delivery . This girl can SING !! Why she is so hard to find in the US is beyond me .
 I discovered Anastacia on you tube and fell in love with her music . I love the CD , especially the track `` I belong to you '' and `` everything burns '' . There is n't a song on the CD that I do n't like . Why she is not more popular in the US is beyond me .
 Great to have a compilation from Anastacia , 17 songs on one cd , Ai n't life grand ! She has a beautiful and POWERFUL voice , the best in my opinion . I too , am amazed that she is so under played here in the US . But this is precisely why I buy music ... rip to the mp3 player and listen to what I want to hear , not some garbage the ` industry ' is trying to sell.Gone are the days of flipping thru radio stations to hear the same old tripe . My money goes to talent , Anastacia is oozing Talent from her pores !
 I love both CD 's that are included with this item -- the `` album '' version cd is awesome -- a great compilation of all of the previous albums all in one place-the Dance Mix CD is great for the office and the car -- will really get you dancing and energized -- BTW the book is beautiful -- my STR8 guy friends love to come and look at for the nice pic of her back in her nightey-WHOO HOOOOO
 All the Anastasia you 'll ever need . The best white funky singer in the biz-the way she keeps tearing into a phrase with endless invention and tough humor is like the Mensa version of Shakira . But her evolution toward turgid ballads is worrisome . Where is the woman who stopped the all-female Elvis tribute in it 's tracks ?
 FABULOUS FABULOUS FABULOUS !! This CD has all the songs I love from miss Anastacia . She is so fantastic and deserves more recognition in the US . SPROCK ON ANA !! any USA Anastacia fans please contact me at Anastacia.The_Voice@yahoo.com
 Anastacia , although overlooked in the U.S. , is a force to reckon with worldwide on the charts . Her songs have spawned hits worldwide with her rock driven radio friendly dance and pop selections.Pieces of a Dream is a hits compilation that encompesses her first 3 albums of material . The album delivers early chart topping hits like `` I 'm Outta Love '' and `` One Day In Your Life '' her two biggest chart hits to date . `` Left Outside Alone '' is a fusion of contemporary rock and dnace while `` Sick and Tired '' explores the end of a long-term relationship.Even with all this , Anastacia is at her best with her new material including the beautiful title track to the album `` Pieces of a Dream '' . The song explores a past relationship and the dreams that it was built upon.Overall a strong release by an overlooked artist in the West .
 No skipping tracks on this one . What a great collection -- What a voice!Anastacia is like Mary J. Blige 's white sister . A lil less funk but smoother soul . MMMM MMMMMM ... . AND she writes her own music.I echo the comments of others saying its a shame she is n't more highly regarded in the United States . Too many others with FAR less talent lower America 's expectations and dumb down the music -LRB- I 'm looking at you Fergie -RRB- .
 WAKE UP AMERICA ! This woman can sing ! The CD is incredible ! We need Anastacia in the states ! I would love to see her perform theses songs live!Everyone should buy this CD and turn up the volume ! Anastacia can rock!She also does an incredible job on the slow songs/ballads . My favorite song is the title of the cd `` Pieces of a Dream '' . The way she sings it just takes my breath away ! Now stop reading this review and buy the cd already ! : - -RRB-
 Here Anastacia brings a compilation of her hits with some songs that were not in her albums . Also she release the 2 Cd version that comes with remixes . Hot , hot , hot.Thank you Anastacia for sharing your talents you rock .
 I have not been disappointed by this seller yet . My purchases always arrive in time and are in great condition .
 I grew up in Florida in the sixties and seventies and my folks were in the entertainment business down there . One of the families we socialized with was the Newkirks . Since my interests in music tend towards the classical , I only fairly recently learned that Stacey Newkirk had become this bright singer here , Anastacia . I can give the historical perspective that even as a kid Stacey was very sweet and had an incredible voice which did n't even sound like a kid could be producing it . I can remember her singing after she just hopped out of the pool ! It especially pleases me that she seems to be particularly popular with gay men , whom we all know have the best taste after all . What an amazing story !
 Anastacia is perhaps one of the strongest and most soulful voices in pop music today . She is also a huge superstar in most of the world -LRB- except for urban music dominated US -RRB- , and `` Pieces of a Dream '' only does her justice by offering up an excellent collection of her hit tracks from the last decade , as well as a bonus remix CD with mixes by some of the hottest DJs of our time including Hex Hector , Jason Nevins , Barry Harris/Chris Cox and Norty Cotto . Putting Anastacia 's lack of US success aside -LRB- purely an outcome of poor marketing -RRB- , her music is a brilliant combination of dance-pop , hook-laden lyrics , strong beats , R&B ; , soul and rock music.Starting with her first big single `` I 'm Outta Love '' , Disc 1 takes you on a journey through hot Anastacia trademark track-after-track including `` Paid My Dues '' , `` One Day in Your Life '' , `` Left Outside Alone '' -LRB- brilliant -RRB- and `` Sick and Tired '' -LRB- wow -RRB- . Some of the newer tracks include `` Heavy on my Heart '' and `` Everything Burns '' - all of these offer a rock-heavy sound , with Anastacia 's deep voice working brilliantly against introspective lyrics and heavy guitar riffs . The Club Megamix that closes this set is a drawn out but deserving tribute to Anastacia 's music that has burned through the dance charts year after year.Disc 2 offers a solid goldmine of dance classics -LRB- prepare for spine-shivering dance music -RRB- with the Hex mix of `` I 'm Outta Love '' and `` One Day in Your Life '' , the Thunderpuss mix of Chicago 's `` Love is a Crime '' , and brilliant mixes of club classics like `` Left Outside Alone '' , `` Boom '' and `` Paid My Dues . '' But it is the Jason Nevins remixes of `` Sick and Tired '' that catapult this remix CD into a league of its own , with thumping beats , a haunting chant and fierce vocals , Anastacia really outdoes herself with this single.The hard cover booklet that this best-of set come in is of value as well , with great images , lyrics and detail on this talented artist .
 Anastacia is HUGE everywhere it seems but in the United States . I find this unbelievable since she has the total package
 Paid My Dues is wonderful , I 'm Outta Love , Left Outside Alone , Sick and Tired are also super ! . I Belong to You is as good as the others.I think these 5 songs are even enough.Anastacia has a unique and very beautiful sound .
 Anastacia is one of the most successful international artists . Born in Chicago , it is perhaps ironic that she is better known in other parts of the world . Indeed this is an irony ; hundreds of thousands of people who encounter Anastacia 's music assume she is British , maybe French or perhaps German . The reality is that this phenomenal dance/pop artist is as American as American gets - and it is a great disappointment not to see her recognized as such by her fellow countrymen and women . However , it is true that Anastacia 's music initially struck a cord with European audiences
 This Brazilian gem is awesome . She is a huge hit in South America and Europe and deserves to be in the USA as well . She rocks and has such a huge voice from such a cute little lady !
 I really love the chosen songs included in this selection.She 's truly one of my fave the fact that she 's from Chicago .
 I bought this CD for something like $ 1.99 at a bargain bin in a music store in a college town . Best $ 2 I ever spent . How could a CD with Clem Snide not be good ? I have since purchased three full-length Clem Snide recordings since the purchase of `` Never Kept a Diary '' . In addition to a great moody track by the Sniders there are several other great moody songs , great indy pop songs , and some great delightfully weird songs.I live in an isolated musically deprived part of the planet so picking up on compilation CDs is a good way to find new artists .
 Poor , poor Spohr ! He 's constantly dismissed because he 's not Beethoven . What he was , though , was a thoroughly competent composer of the Beethoven ilk who wrote tons of chamber music that is not only fun to play but to hear . Nothing earth-shattering , mind you , but he was a skillful craftsman and could write in extended forms with the best of them . And he could write a tune , too . Most of his stuff is violin-driven
 All of Amy 's past CD 's have been good . They have been great to an extent as well . `` Heart in Motion '' was great and fun , as well as the catchy `` House of Love . '' Yet over time these CD 's have grown piles of dust because they do n't seem to fit in my life anywhere . They were so great and fun at th etime , but now I do n't see anywhere to relate them to . Then Amy put out this CD . I feel that she has taken all of these completely real emotions we all need help with , and she has put them into a song ... `` The Feeling I Had '' by far seems to be the strongest lyrically and musically here . She blows the album out of the water with this one , while talking about that empty feeling one must get over when starting over ... `` Takes a Little Time '' and `` Cry A River '' are just among several others that are startling real songs here that grab the listener over and over . I bought this CD the week it came out and I still love it as much as I ever did.While there are some misses on this CD , as well as some superb hits , Grant has nailed this to the board to stay and be viewed by all ... lets hope she stays ...
 At first , I was disappointed in this album . I was used to Amy Grant 's pop sound and this album was n't anything like her previously synthesized , bubblegum-flavored albums -LRB- not that there is anything wrong with that -- I loved those albums -RRB- . So , I left it on my shelf for a couple of years . When my life changed and I stopped being a Pollyanna and had to deal with real issues in my life , I started to listen to the album again.Wow ! What a punch this album packs on an emotional level ! The arrangements on this album bring forth deeper emotional responses with its heavy lyrics and personal soul . If you have ever felt pain before in your life or struggles of any kind , you feel as if Amy is sharing her personal hurdles with you on this album . It 's like having a friend comfort you , even through times that are n't so dry.This album is not a downer and it 's not full of depressing songs . On the contrary , the songs are full of hope and spirituality . `` Somewhere Down the Road '' is a song about hope . Though you may be going through some dry times , the song tells you that all our questions will be answered and our comfort will come in the hands of God . `` I Will be Your Friend '' is a song that will make you feel like you are not alone . `` Curious Thing '' is a fun song about how life takes turn for the better when you 've been down in the valleys . `` Missing You '' is a one of many touching songs.The album has become one of my favorite Amy Grant albums in my complete collection . It takes several listening sessions to feel the power of this album but when the power hits -LRB- just like the Spirit in church -RRB- , make sure someone is behind you to catch you when you fall !
 I just bought my second copy of this CD - I have loaned my first to so many friends , one finally kept it ! When I first heard the CD , I wondered if something had gone wrong with Amy Grant 's long-time marriage to Gary Chapman . A long-term relationship of my own had just ended badly , and the songs I was hearing , particularly `` Like I Love You '' , `` Cry a River '' , `` Missing You '' , `` The Feeling I Had '' and `` Somewhere Down the Road '' , echoed my very feelings of regret , loss , hope and emptiness . Later , I heard that Grant 's marriage had ended . I had never heard a collection that so profoundly captured those feelings , as if the person on the CD was in my shoes . She writes and performs each song from her own torn heart and in words she has cried . It is the rawness and honesty which brings me back again and again and keeps me recommending it to my friends .
 When I first heard this CD I knew that it would become my favorite Amy Grant album . I 'm a huge fan and love all of her work . This album is unique with the fact that Amy Grant made it much more personal than anything she had ever done . So many of the songs portray such deep feelings that moves me every time I listen to it . Even if Amy Grant is n't your favorite singer , this CD is a great one for your collection .
 In this cd , Amy reveals some of her deepest , sadest , most human feelings and weaknesses . Behind the Eyes let 's the listener know `` you are not alone in feeling this way . '' Everyone has their up times and their down times and it takes a truly amazing artist to share the down times so openly with her audience . That is exactly what Amy Grant does , she shares her life through song with her audience . She has done it for over 27 years now . For years Lead Me On was my favorite Amy Grant cd , but then Behind the Eyes came along and knocked Lead Me On into second place . I have all of Amy 's albums including the 2002 Legacy and the 2003 Simple Things . I enjoy them all , but Behind the Eyes will always hold a special place in my heart , just like Lead Me On does.This album has a more acoustic , rock , raw sound that House of Love or Heart In Motion , which shows Amy 's style has a wide range . The song writing on this cd is frank , real , honest , and yes sometimes painful , yet still hopeful . Behind the Eyes can be summed up in one word
 When I first purchased this album , I did n't expect the `` humbleness '' of the album , if you will . I was expecting the usual peppiness and positiveness of Amy Grant . Instead , the majority of the album is quite a humbling experience filled with songs of thought provoking words shared with guitars that seem to put the whole picture into perspective . Each song brings up good points . I give her A + on words , meaning and `` poetry in motion '' . I love the album altogether because each song has something new to say . It does force one to think or to remember their own problems or setbacks in life but yet , the songs are written in a way as though Amy is showing you a way out of your grief or to simply deal with it . I gave the album 4 stars only because I admit out of all the Amy Grant albums , I generally listen to the upbeat , peppy albums first but `` Takes A Little Time '' is an absolute keeper , one to really keep your feet on the ground when , at times , it seems like nothing else will .
 This rivals ` Lead Me On ' as one of Amy 's best albums . In retrospect , she says that this album was borne out of her impending divorce from Gary Chapman . Although I did n't think about it at the time , it does have so much conflict and struggle in it . However , just as Amy Grant has always emobodied hope and triumph over trials , this album contains so much hope . The thing I admire about Amy Grant is that her struggles with life and `` humannes '' are so much a part of her music and lyrics . This is what makes this album such an amazing work of art . It has such a dark-side ... Thank you , Amy , for letting us into your struggle . We 're all better for having gone there with you .
 Amy Grant has once again proven her ability to write and produce songs using the guitar as the # 1 secret to the making of such good songs . The words to the songs on this album are much deeper and refreshing . Sadly , the songs Takes A Little Time and Like I Love You are the only songs that made it on air . This album , with all the guitars and rich and creamy vocals by Amy , deserved a handful of songs on the air but if you know radio , they have been stuck on teeny bop music for quite some time . Amy Grant will return in her next album . I highly recommend this album . If you love acoustic guitars with thoughtprovoking lyrics , you 'll love this album .
 I am an avid fan of amy since her albun Heart in Motion . I love her voice for it is flexible enough that it goes excellently with any kind of song she sings , be it pop or rock or folk . her latest album is a must buy one , because it transcends everything and everyone in the music industry . All songs are sang with passion that you wont tire listening to them again and again . In fact you will get addicted to play it again after doing so . Its a shame that this album was not nominated in the Grammys coz it this is definitely a true work of art , that the composition and arrangements transcends those who dominate the limelight . The memorable cuts are Somewhere Down the Road , Missing You , Every Road , I Will Be Your Friend and Trun This World Around .
 Amy Grant fans wo n't be disappointed . She continues to be a very talented performer . To bad Kelly 's 10/14/99 judgment would lead you to believe that somehow a CD would lead you closer to God . And that we 'll all be fools if we buy this CD . According to Kelly , `` Then she gets secular and fools those who are too blind to see '' and again , `` NO MATTER WHAT do n't get this CD ! '' . Jesus said in Matthew 5:22 `` who ever shall say , Thou Fool , shall be in danger of hell fire '' . Yikes , I would n't want to be in your shoes Kelly.This is just more proof that no one will tear down another Christian like another Christian . Perhaps Kelly should use the Bible to get closer to Jesus instead of a CD player . According to Kelly it 's not ok for Christians to put food on the table in the secular workplace ? Where do you work Kelly ? I thought we were supposed to be in the world and not part of it . Amy Grant has always been a talented professional musician , that 's not changed . Did you think Amy is some kind of evangelist gone bad ? Did n't Paul make tents during his travels ? Many of us miss the days Amy Grant worked with Brown Banister and Michael W. Smith . We need to focus on Christ not on celebrities . Would we happier if Amy got a job where Kelly works instead of continuing here musical career ? I 'm glad God is going to wait till the end of my life to judge me.Peace & Grace .
 I really loved this album . Being a fan of christian music , Amy Grant is pretty much the Madonna of Christian Music . She 's been around for a long time , and like her counterpart Rebbecca St. James knows how to write great hooks while still delivering a great message . I loved I will be your friend and Takes a little time . They both mixed in a great blues and soul sound with rock . This is defiantly a pop album . It reminds me of something that Britney Spears might do in the future . A lot of it was fluff , but it worked really well . I thought the track Feeling I had was moving and very inspirational . Overall , this is a great album but is n't highlighted to much in the christian music world . If anybody loves Christian music then you should def . get this release !
 Leave it all Behind , I Will be Your Friend , Like I Love You , Takes a Little Time , Turn this World Around . . OMG , pretty much all are my favorites !! Got ta have it !
 This is 1 of only 2 Amy Grant CD 's I own , so I 'm not a big fan of hers . However , there are a lot of good songs on this CD . It is pop and not necessarily `` Christian '' music .
 A darker side of Amy . Probably written and recorded when her marriage was falling apart . Very insiteful .
 Hello , this CD has some good songs on it too . I like she sounds on this one . It has some happy songs on it .
 This is a sad and thoughtful album , indeed , and Amy writes one of the saddest songs on this album -LRB- Missing you -RRB- . Many of the songs are about unrequited love , marriage , and hardships in life . This album def . reflects Amy 's feelings on her marriage to Gary Chapman , and her love for Vince Gill . It is a beautiful , heartfelt album from a beautiful singer . Buy it if you like Amy 's previous pop albums , or if you like sad songs -LRB- Which I do ! -RRB- Choice tracks : Nobody homeCry a river , Leave it all behind , Missing you , The feeling that I had , Somewhere down the road .
 I was just planning to buy this Audio CD of the masterful Amy Grant , and - I see that it is -LRB- in the words of the book world -RRB- `` out-of-print '' ! -RRB- . I remember playing this album years ago on long walks during a very dark time . And to be honest , great music like this can literally save a life , just for companion 's sake . Hopefully , `` Behind the Eyes '' - one of Amy Grant 's absolute best albums of all time - will be back . Right now , all I can do is pray that I will be able to `` meet '' her there , once again .
 Amy Grant should follow her heart `` Somewhere Down The FOLK Road . Behind The Eyes shows us a different side of Amy Grant . The CDs SIMPLE , HONEST , OPEN ... I hope her next CD due mid 2000 ... follows the same path as Behind The Eyes ... Look out SHAWN COLVIN ... I see Amy Grant Leaving POP/CHRISTIAN MUSIC BEHIND ... IN SEARCH OF A FUTURE IN FOLK/ROCK MUSIC ... DAVE
 Amy Grant has always been a good songwriter and singer since she released her very first album . Like I Love You is a really good song . More importantly , Amy Grant has always maintained her style since she released the first album and that is not a easy task to accomplish flawlessly . Thus , she is still the queen .
 for those who have never listened to amy grant 's music because they believe it to be a gospel artist -LRB- even in spite of the much publicized `` secular '' album , _ heart in motion _ -RRB- , it 's time to give her a chance . having fallen from grace with conservative christians who accused her of selling out in the hopes of attaining pop superstardom , grant has released an album that can be most accurately discribed as folk . it all began with her _ house of love _ remake of joni mitchell 's `` big yellow taxi '' -LRB- which janet later bit for her `` got til it 's gone '' -RRB- . now , on _ behind the eyes _ , grant has produced what could easily be the soundtrack for a contemporary remake of _ the grapes of wrath _ . songs like `` nobody home '' and `` turn this world around '' speak of the country 's social ails , while `` i will be your friend '' , `` like i love you '' and `` cry a river '' address emtional desolation . `` takes a little time '' and `` curious thing '' are a little more light-hearted , tackling the twists and turn of fate as their subject matter , while `` leave it all behind '' talks about finding escape in travel . grant is one of the few non-country artists who wears the sensibility of america 's heartland like a floral housedress . wife , mother , woman , diva ... all of these experiences are filtered through her down-home values to produce truly genuine lyrics and vocals that appeal to everybody 's desire for a life less complicated . if enough people take a chance on this album , grant could be on her way to becomming one of folks music 's prime contenders .
 I have owned this album since the week it was released in ' 97 , and it is still one of my most frequently played albums ... not because I have an unhappy life -LRB- in fact , FAAAAAAAAAR from it ! -RRB- , but because sometimes life is so emotional , and you want to hear music that is emotional . I often quote the lyrics of the songs of this album to friends that are going through difficult times , because most of us have been in places that resemble the situations framed in these songs during our life.Also , now looking back at how the artist 's life has played out since the recording of this album , you can see how things have changed ... it 's an opportunity for someone to see a person in a low place in life , and see that the same person has found joy in life with a new companion and a new baby . Whether or not you believe that she made the right choice , you see the capability to go from despair to happiness again . I hope you also find the joy and hope reflected behind her eyes .
 In 1997 , Amy Grant returned to the music scene after a three-year hiatus following her double-platinum selling `` House of Love '' album . `` Behind the Eyes '' is some of Amy 's best work and the only disappointment to be had is the fact that the album had lukeworm sales results.Amy sings from the heart in this CD , and given the fact that she was going through the most difficult time in her life , it is understandable why the music is dark and downbeat in many instances . From songs like `` Nobody Home '' to `` Cry a River '' , she sings about change in life ; in `` Turn This World Around '' she offers a prayer for a life changing event ; and `` Somewhere Down the Road '' she offers hope and comfort in knowing that answers can be found in the Mighty Arms . `` Behind the Eyes '' is a journey through a wide variety of emotions , but the one thing that is a constant is the high quality of the songs and material . Gone is the lightweight fluff of the `` Baby Baby '' and `` Lucky One '' era ... this project was much more personal and realized that not everything in life is as it seems , and she offers the hope to get through it .
 Unlike some other releases since `` Age to Age '' , this CD is true Amy Grant . `` Behind the Eyes '' is a personal statement with a personal touch.Amy rocks without needing the overproduced `` fill '' of other albums . She brings herself into every track and draws you into her world.She actually takes you behind her eyes ! In the cut `` It Takes a Little Time '' she sums up the whole grass roots movement of contemporary Christian music , and life in general . Yes , Rome was n't built in a day . Neither is life.It takes time to turn the Titanic around.Amy rocks and makes her point in a highly personal way.I have to admit that my personal preference is for the classical composers who created beautiful music inspired by their creator and shared with the masses to spread His Word . But is n't she doing exactly the same thing?The red headed Priest , Antonio Vivaldi , wrote absolutely wonderful compositions for young girls to play , yet he was composing for Him . As did Georg Phillip Telemann , my personal favorite , who wrote truly inspirational music allegedly for the royals and aristocracy , but in reality he was really spreading The Word.When you listen to the words in all the tracks contained here in this CD , you hear her heart . Though others were involved in the creative process , this is an Amy Grant product . We are permitted to share in her observations on life , '' a curious thing '' . While I am still highly inspired by some of my favorite hymns and spirituals , I am uplifted by this album . Sharing joy and The Word is what it 's all about.If kids today went to a stadium concert by Amy Grant or any of her CCM contemporaries , I think parents would have less to worry about . Little girls would want to be storytellers and angels , and little boys would want acoustic guitars instead of Uzis and switchblades . What if ... All told , it is a wonderful CD . I do n't think I could ever tire of the artist or the message therin.Buy it and enjoy .
 This is the Amy Grant that has been waiting to express herself in the secular world . I have listed to and enjoyed much of her Christian work , but always felt she had much to offer the secular world . I bought this CD upon the recommendation of someone 's review . It is an absolutely stirring CD . I have never regretted buying it . It has become one of my favorites . This will be hard to top !
 I asked one of my friends if she knows Amy Grant 's music . She told me that she has this album and she likes it very much . I was surprised because Amy Grant is n't very famous here in Finland . I did n't have this album then . I only had six studio albums which were from her early years and a collection . After months I found this album in all-time best CCM albums top 100 and I decided to buy it . When I got it I was in hook right away . The album had great tracks and the whole thing was great ! The album may be a little bit melancollic but somehow also a beautiful one . Amy has a great voice . Most of the tracks are very peaceful , and I do n't usually like this kind of music but I have to say that this album is perfect . I think this is Amy Grant 's best album so far.Stars
 Easily the most undervalued and underrated album of Amy 's career , it is without a doubt one of her greatest . On some days I 'd say it 's THE greatest.Like the other contender for that title , ` Lead Me On ' , it is not one of her best-selling titles . Many fans do n't like Amy 's dark , honest side . Also as with ` Lead Me On ' a decade before it , this album was like a cathartic purge of all the gunk that had built up over several years of making sugary sweet pop . Grant just lays all her emotional cards on the table , good and bad , and says , `` This is me . Take it or leave it . `` Take it .
 I find myself at a loss for words when it comes to expressing my thoughts and feelings for this album . Maybe it 's because it 's so closely linked to the tough times it has helped me get through . However , the more I listen to this album , the more I realize how unique it is.There 's plenty to love on `` Behind the eyes '' , for even though the songs may take a few listenings to sink in , they stick with you forever afterwards . Songs like `` Takes a little time '' , `` Every road '' , `` I will be your friend '' , `` Cry a river '' , `` Like I love you '' and `` Nobody home '' are all wonderfully well-crafted songs , and Amy delivers them with both restraint and sincerity . The album , which has a decidedly darker sound and mood than her previous pop experiments , is a fascinating chronicle of the most complex human emotions . It goes far beyond the usual standard material expected on a pop album , because it obviously comes from the heart . When she sings songs like `` Nobody home '' , `` Like I love you '' and `` Every road '' , the lyrics and her subdued vocal performances indicate this every word is indeed coming from the heart . These songs convey love , loss , desperation and hope in a way few albums can claim to.The album reaches its peak on the three closing songs . `` Missing you '' , with its simple yet right-on-target lyrics , is breath-taking ; rarely has longing ever been set to music so eloquently . `` The feeling I had '' shines with honesty and lovely arrangements , with Amy finally coming to term with the fact that a part of her life is indeed over . And then comes the final song , `` Somewhere down the road '' , a quiet and serene assessment that there is always hope and that our trials in this life are n't meaningless . This power trio is worth the price of the album.Of course , it 's not all about the lyrics . The album has beautiful understated arrangements , with elegant touches of acoustic guitar , strong rhythm section , accordion , piano and flute . Amy 's warm and soothing vocals are perfect , and the production tastefully lets the songwriting take the front stage . This album is simply beautiful , and while it may not demonstrate the same immediacy as some of her previous works , it more than makes up for it with substance and sincerity . The listener who 's going through tough times will find solace in some of these songs . I know I did - and still do .
 After two primarily love-song focused albums -LRB- Heart In Motion , House of Love -RRB- , it was definitely time for change . Luckily , I became a fan of Amy after this album released , so I did n't have to wait for two years for this album and its continuously changing release dates.This album makes much more sense now that Amy got divorced -- it hinted at that possibility a lot , from songs like `` Cry A River '' to `` The Feeling I Had '' . After two pop albums it was a treat to hear Amy go acoustic and try out a new style . She could have maintained her popularity by continuing with the pop style , but she did n't ; instead she released a good album .
 I love Amy Grant . She just is truly an angel . Listen to her voice , and that 's all you need to hear . Sure she has done other things , but her focus has always been on GOD . Here we are at Christmas 2000 and I 've been hearing `` The Night Before Christmas '' and I love that song.It says what it 's all about . LOVE
 Amy Grant is my favorite artist , I have some of her albums and so far I think Behind The Eyes is my favorite one , when I am on the computer I listen to this cd . I hope to someday hear all of her albums .
 This is an awesome CD with universal themes of love . Amy is truly gifted and I think this is her best CD so far . She is reaching out to a much wider audience with her current music these days . Jesus never said alienate those who think differently than you . And Amy 's music is definatley spirit-guided . I am anxiously awaiting her next CD . She just keeps getting better and better and more beautiful inside and out . This is relected in the lyrics of her music in Behind The Eyes . This is one of the best CD 's ever put out by a female vocalist . You GO GIRL !
 What a great CD ! I liked Amy 's other CDs , but this one tops it all . It has a nice combination of music from the heart and a rock-style format . I play this CD when I 'm on the computer on late nights a lot . Very relaxing and comforting -- you 'll like it a lot !
 Amy is the best and I love all of her music and anyone who has not bought her BTE album is missing out on an awesome ALBUM one of her best to date but they are all good .
 In Amy 's latest CD , there is a note of sadness that can be detected in her songs that was not formerly present . She has been going through some hard times recently , and I believe that God is using Amy and her newest CD to encourage others who are being dragged through the mud right now . This CD shows the everyday man that we all have problems , -LRB- even famous singers -RRB- because we are all human and must depend on God to be our strength . This CD has been one of my favorites from Amy and one of my favorites period . I think it 's amazing to see God using her to lighten up our hearts and lives in some of her earlier work , and then to encourage us when we are down in her more recent work . This Cd shows Amy 's versatility and her willingness to be used by God to reach others and change their lives .
 Amy Grant is one of my faroite singers . She has a beatiful voice , plays guitar , and even writes some of her music . To me that is a huge load of talents . She is great to listen to if you 're crushed , stressed , or just plain happy . I think `` Like I Love You '' is one of her best songs . Amy Grant you rock . Keep goin ' .
 I think comparisons to LEAD ME ON are inevitable . But this is really a new Amy Grant -- actually , an Amy-Grant-in-progress looking at life from the crossroads . This introspective release is brave , sad , vulnerable and hopeful all at the same time . One of my favorite cuts is `` Cry A River '' -- a really beautiful chorus , and surprising subject matter for a `` gospel-pop princess ''
 Amy Grant is a veteran of the music industry , starting her recording career in her teens . But this is the first time Amy Grant shows us a darker and more vulnerable side , without frills and smiley faces to hide behind . Instead , her lyrics dare us to stare her in the eyes ... to look beyond her religion and her `` Christian image '' . The songs are mature , and hold universal themes everyone can relate to ... if they made it pass that cross-road in life . `` Like I Love You '' , `` Turn This World Around '' , and `` I Will Be Your Friend '' are among Amy Grant 's best songs ever . `` Cry A River '' , `` The Feeling I Had '' , and `` Miss You '' are examples of Grant 's maturity and courage to open her heart to the world to hear ... some will merely hear , but others will listen and understand . Hear and decide for yourself .
 I had no clue who Amy Grant was until I heard one of her songs on the radio one day . I borrowed my friend 's copy of this CD and absolutly fell in love with it . I now have all of the songs memorized and it is the only thing that I listen to -LRB- other than the radio of course -RRB- . I recommmend this CD to everyone !
 THIS IS THE SADDEST ALBUM I HAVE EVER HEARD AMY DO . I OWN JUST ABOUT ALL HER WORK AND I HAVE HEARD HER GO FROM STAIGHT CHRISTIAN TO BOUNCY , SPUNKY , AND EXCITINGLY HAPPY POP TUNES WHICH SOME WERE QUESTIONABLE , , BUT NONE THE LESS I RESPECT HER DIVERSITY . THOUGH THIS LAST RELEASE I HOLD DEAR TO MY HEART , , SOMEHOW I FEEL SOME EMPTINESS INSIDE FOR HER . IS THERE SOMETHING SHE NOT TELLING US . . ?
 Behind the Eyes is slightly different from Amy 's two previous releases ; BTE is more mature and it gets better and better the more one listens to it . `` Turn This World Around '' is my favorite on the CD , but the rest of the material is also great .
 This is the sort of CD that grows on you . You have to listen to it several times to really `` get behind the eyes '' of Amy Grant . But after you 've taken the time to listen , it just gets better and better .
 After two light-hearted pop albums , Amy Grant finally returned to her roots , picking up her guitar and reaching deep into herself to find feelings she never realized that she had . The result ? Behind the Eyes , a strong selection of 12 songs from 31 that she recorded in a two year period.From the upbeat `` Takes A Little Time '' to the consoling `` Somewhere Down The Road '' , the album offers hope for everyone . While there is no explicit mention of God in the lyrics , the songs tackle issues that face many Christians today . All in all a wonderful album .
 I really loved this album . It has good lyrics and wonderful messages . Do n't know if you have the same taste as me ? I also love Jaci Velasquez , Clear , and DC Talk . It is definitely worth the 12 bucks .
 Listening to this album , like `` House of Love '' one ca n't help but wonder how many of Amy 's songs come from the personal pain of a marriage gone awry . `` Missing You '' , `` The Feeling I Had , '' `` Like I Love You , '' and `` Somewhere Down the Road '' give one that feeling.While good songs , one tires of the melancholic lyrics and longs for some of Grant 's earlier upbeat numbers .
 This CD is for anyone who has walked down the bumpy road called Life . It feels like Amy dug down deep inside herself when she wrote these songs . My favorites are , I will be your friend , It Takes A Little Time and Somewhere Down the Road .
 I have been a huge fan of Amy 's since `` Heart In Motion , '' but even I have to admit that her lighthearted dance-pop sound was getting a little old . On Behind The Eyes she finally reveals another side of herself . Gasp - Amy Grant can actually play the GUITAR ! While many of the songs are somewhat melancholy , this is n't some outright pessimistic thing . This is an Amy Grant album , after all - this is NOT Alanis Morissette or Fiona Apple . Amy 's songwriting still shows a hint of a lack of depth , but I would n't even dream of calling this album bubblegum . It 's simply delightul acoustic pop . This was Amy 's first Top 10 album since Heart In Motion , and I think it was deserving of its success . My fave cuts are `` Takes A Little Time , '' `` Like I Love You , '' `` Curious Thing , '' `` Nobody Home '' -LRB- written by Glen Ballard and Siedah Garrett , the team who wrote `` Man In The Mirror '' for Michael Jackson years ago -RRB- , `` I Will Be Your Friend '' and `` Turn This World Around . '' Amy Grant is finally rocking out , and I hope we can expect more stuff like this from her in the future . Though `` Lead Me On '' is still her best overall album , `` Behind The Eyes '' is her best pop/secular offering so far .
 I like the song `` Takes a little time . & quot
 I literally broke down the first time I listened to this album ... from the tender `` Missing You '' to the tearful `` Cry A River '' , this honest , beautiful woman has captured the essence of living authentically with your choices , despite how much you long to be somewhere else , doing something else , with someone else . As Christians , we sometimes have to bear a cross of a different kind -- the cross of obedience , commitment and devotion -- even when , everything inside of you longs for that one love you know you can never have ... Amy , I look forward to sitting down with you someday , maybe here or `` up there '' , to share what 's been going on `` Behind the Eyes '' . I feel I 've found a `` kindred spirit '' in you !
 I have been a true fan of Amy from the time she released her first album 20 years ago . What drew me to her in the first place is what draws me again now . The lyrics on this album speak volumes to me . She may have written them out of the experiences that she was going through at the time , but the themes are universal . I miss some of the direct references to God that her older projects contained , but at the same time , I feel like I can see her dependance on Him still , even though it is more subtle now.To those of you who criticize and condemn her for the divorce , we need to remember that none of us have been in her place . None of us have known the struggles she has faced . Her honesty in this album , especially in `` Cry A River '' , helped me to end a bad relationship before it had gone too far and I was married . God works all things for good and I believe that He can still use Amy to minister for Him.The music on this album is haunting and beautiful . The songs stay with me and I have thoroughly enjoyed them . Her simple and direct style is refreshing . This is no `` Baby , Baby '' album . This is the real thing.Thank you Amy for using what is inside you to minister to so many others .
 I appreciate an artist that values truth , painful as it can be . My opinion of the album ? Optimistic -- maybe not . Real -- definitely . Few Christian artists have the capacity to open their lives without seeming like they are trying too hard . Having gone through the pain of separation and divorce , I ca n't tell you how this recording speaks to me . There are songs , my own heart would sing if I had the ability that Amy has . Many Christians like the cotton-candy Christian entertainment . Sweet and empty . God speaks through our pain and mistakes . I 'm glad to have others who are willing to take risks to tell it like it is . Musically , the songs are well-written , tightly produced , remarkably sung , and incredibly effective . This reminds me of a darker Lead Me On -- perhaps the counterpart of this masterpiece , farther down the road . Beaten , bruised , but smarter . Thanks Amy .
 For years , Amy Grant has seemed like a real `` artist '' hiding neath too many layers of pop fluff . With Behind the Eyes , she strips away a bit of the gleam , coupling her knack for melody and poetic lyric with raw honesty and an acoustic groove that fits her ever-more-nuanced vocals . The stripped down arrangements and harmonies of Cry a River , Every Road and Missing You ring truer musically than any recent Grant offering . It 's as if she 's playing for you on her front porch or your living room . Like I Love You and The Feeling I Had sound simultaneously classic and relevant to modern radio . Great flute on the second . Harmonica-wailing Takes a Little Time and Beatles-esque Leave it All Behind are toe-tapping , top-down , driving-on-the-road ear-candy with bluesy shuffles and encouraging lyrics . And the fantastic Somewhere Down the Road is some of the best song-writing she 's ever done.My only gripe is this
 Despite the ballyhoo surrounding HEART IN MOTION , I have always felt that Amy Grant 's best album was LEAD ME ON . It went beyond catchy hooks and fun melodies and dealt with real life in a way that was less lighthearted and more raw than on her other albums . Then I heard BEHIND THE EYES , and all I can say is , `` Wow ! `` Leaving the slick production , synthesizers , and sometimes-bubble-gum sound of the past behind , Grant has produced an album that surpasses all her previous efforts . No , this is not a fun album . It is introspective , sometimes depressing , sometimes hopeful , but always straight from the gut and as real as it gets . All the songs are wonderful , but `` Turn This World Around '' , `` Curious Thing '' , `` Leave It All Behind '' , and `` The Feeling I Had '' especially stand out.Time is the true test of an album . Does it still move you years later ? I bought this CD the day it came out , and as I write this review , that was two years ago . Even now , songs from this album will drift into my head from time to time , and I will get it out , play it , and enjoy it all over again . HEART IN MOTION , on the other hand , excited me when it came out , but now I hardly listen to it . Yes , `` Baby Baby '' and `` Good for Me '' are fun songs , but most of the other songs on the album just come off flat now.If Amy Grant 's career were to end today , HEART IN MOTION would be the album most people would remember her for , but BEHIND THE EYES would stand as her best work . It is gripping , thought provoking , and musically superb .
 Amy Grant has always had an inclusive relationship with her listeners . Her songs are personal and introspective , and have touched on all areas of her life , from her faith -LRB- `` El Shaddai '' , `` My Father 's Eyes '' -RRB- to motherhood -LRB- `` Baby Baby '' -RRB- . `` Behind the Eyes '' is an uncharacteristically grim take on things ; `` Nobody Home '' , with the lyrics `` where we used to belong , there ai n't nobody home '' suggests a sense of loss and displacement , while the single `` Takes a Little Time '' addresses change and survival . `` Cry a River '' is a quiet and somber , though lovely , piece , and `` Somewhere Down the Road '' reminds us that we will someday find the answers to our questions . These are some of Amy 's most powerful and beautiful -LRB- and ultimately hopeful -RRB- songs yet.At the time this album was released , Amy 's attitude , normally so upbeat and worshipful , might have seemed strange to many . News of her divorce from husband Gary Chapman a few years later gave `` Behind the Eyes '' a context , and helped to reveal the depth of Amy 's artistry as she addressed her pain and loss through music.Yet , a thread of hope runs throughout the album , and now , with Amy 's happy marriage to Vince Gill , and the birth of their daughter , I 'm looking forward to her next musical offering . I 'm sure , as she 's done for nearly twenty-five years , she 'll tell us all about it .
 This is my favorite Amy Grant CD . I spent a month in the hospital . During that month I listened to this CD everyday . I will always cherish it . `` Leave it all behind '' is my favorite song . I also love `` I will be your friend '' and Cry a river '' . All of the songs are good . Some people take personal attacks against Amy because of her failed marriage . These judgmental people are hypocrites . Thay claim to be Christian , and then judge her . It reminds me of the story in the gospel of John where the Pharasees brought a woman to Jesus who was being accuse of adultry . Jesus said nothing . All Jesus kept doing was scribbling in the sand . He was probably writing out the evidence of guilt of those who were accusing her of sin . One by one they all left , leaving Jesus and the woman . I will not judge Amy Grant . I have always enjoyed her music . This one CD stands alone as her best ever , as far as I am concerned . It moved my heart and helped me through a very difficult time in my life .
 I ca n't say that I 'm a dedicated follower of Amy Grant , I 've listened to enough of her music in order to know how this album marks along with the rest - and that is `` the best . '' I 've been listening to this album straight for 8 months , and that 's a lot for me , considering that a week of one album usually means something . In my opinion , the best songs on the album are `` Missing You '' , `` I Will Be Your Friend , '' and `` Cry River . '' Amy really found herself , it seems , while making this album . `` Cry River '' is Amy 's favorite song on the CD , she told me online , and so how could anyone go wrong . This is my ex-girlfriend and I 's CD - if anybody means anything to you , you can certainly find a song on this record to be a central theme - it covers all problems in life , without complaining , and the vocals are mostly very good , except the high notes are an occasional problem . Keep on rockin , Amy !
 Some albums are pure fluff - they serve as the soundtrack for roadtrips and lazy summer days in the sun , when life is good and all 's right with the world . And then there are albums that change your life . These albums make you re-evaluate your journey on earth and lift you up on a ray of hope by simply reminding you that in your darkest hours , when life is messy and full of problems too great to bear , you are not alone . Amy Grant 's `` Behind the Eyes '' is just such an album for me . And in this newly remastered version , it never sounded better!Initially , the dramatic shift in both lyrical content and production values on `` Behind the Eyes , '' from the synth pop sound of one of my then favorite albums , 1994 's `` House of Love , '' was incredibly jarring . After years of anticipating new music from Amy , I did n't quite know what to make of the album but I kept listening . In September of 1997 , I had just entered my freshman year of high school and , like Amy , was doing a lot of growing while I explored the various themes and emotions on `` Behind the Eyes . '' After a while I warmed up to the album and over the next couple of years it seemed that every few months I 'd cite a different song from `` Behind the Eyes '' as my new favorite , depending on my mood and stance in life . Through crushes and first loves , breakups and funerals , 9/11 , and my fairly recent graduation from college , the album provided the soundtrack to my constantly maturing view of the world both echoing my joy at reaching a new stage in my life and comforting my sorrow when events ultimately ended.Today , I listen to `` Behind the Eyes '' more frequently than any other Amy Grant album and with each new listen it continues to reveal layers of depth and meaning to me , even when I thought I knew the album both inside and out . I 'm constantly finding new levels of solace , hope , and peace within Amy 's honest lyrics . Her pain and suffering throughout the writing and recording process of `` Behind the Eyes '' shines through the finished product and that rawness elevates the album to a higher status ; a benchmark , if you will , among her accomplished discography that all future albums will no doubt be judged against.Take a chance and journey with Amy `` Behind the Eyes . '' You wo n't regret the ride .
 I 'll keep it short since I want to go eat my lunch . Out of the hundreds -LRB- at least -RRB- of CDs I 've listened to , this is my favorite of ALL TIME . Which is weird , because I do n't have any other Amy Grant albums , and I 'm actually not interested in any other albums by her . So you know there has to be something great about it . I heard this album , and promptly went out to buy it . I went on a cross-country train trip by myself last summer , and this CD was a great one to have while I looked out at America flying past my window and thought about life . I do n't mean to sound dramatic or over-the-top , but this CD affects me in a way that VERY few other albums do . It trancends the normal music world .
 Although it has been several years since I purchased this album , it never strays far from my CD player . In my opinion , this is Amy Grant 's finest hour as a musician and as a lyricist . Her words deftly capture the essence of human pain , sorrow , longing , and hope , and her voice conveys these emotions better than almost any other singer . I find it refreshing that Amy took a chance with her audience and released such a emotionally mature album . `` Behind the Eyes '' shows Amy 's tremendous growth as an artist . I anxiously await the follow-up ...
 I purchased this cd based on all of the positive reviews here on this site and it was money well-spent . The best track , in my opinion , is the second one - `` I will be your friend '' - it has , like most of the songs on the cd , a haunting melody combined with soulful lyrics . Amy 's voice is so pretty - it is kind of low and smooth and flows beautifully . She puts all of her emotions and heart into this album and it shows .
 I was thinking of buying this album for a while , but after having read some of the reviews posted here , I thought this album , wold be too slow and sad for my taste . I later found a copy in the library and listened to it . I was in love with the album the first time I heard it.Amy has bared her heart and soul to us on this album , and came up with list of songs that are optimistic , reflective , humorous , thoughtful and speaks a little to everyone and their own lives.I highly recommend this album !
 How would I describe this album ? Totally different to any other album she has done . Although on the whole it is not as `` pop '' as some of her other albums , I for one love the change . I would describe it as back to basics with Amy on the guitar and with classic tracks such as Missing You , Behind the Eyes , Like I Love You , Curious Thing and The Feeling I Had , for me makes this album as strong , if not stronger than any other she has done .
 Iv ' e been listening to Amy 's music since I was 16 years - I find in her a kindred spririt . While the tones of the album were n't overtly spiritual , you can find the christian influence . My favorite song on the album was Somewhere Down the Road which addresses the questions we all have about life 's tragedies . Like others before me , I could have done without Nobody Home - it just did ` nt seem to fit . I 've always believed that Amy Grant sings from her heart and this album does not refute it . This is n't my favorite album of hers , but my opinion of it improves each time I listen to it .
 As a huge fan of Amy Grant 's since before Heart In Motion , I was anxiously awaiting her latest offering . The wait was long , not only because of the fact that I am a long-time fan of hers , but also after reading some of the previews on the internet it was to be totally different from her previous efforts , Heart in Motion , and House of Love -LRB- not that I did not like these two albums , I 've enjoyed all her aspects of music -RRB- . The wait was well-worth it . BTE expresses many emotions people feel on the road of life . What I really like , in addition to the songs themselves , is the use of real instruments instead of the synthesized sound of her previous efforts.From the happy sounds of Takes a Little Time to the emotional sounds of Somewhere Down the road , this album , like good wine , gets better and better with age . I expect this album to rank up there with Lead Me on , another favorite of mine.If you have not done so already , get this album . Both long-time and recent Amy Grant fans WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !!!
 Amy Grant has amazed us once again ! Never , through all the years I have been listening to Christian music , have I heard an album with more purity , honesty , integrity , and vulnerablitiy than Behind the Eyes . Only with the exception of Grant 's own , Lead Me On . Behind the Eyes reminded me how magnificant a songwriter Amy truly is . Especially on the songs `` Turn This World Around , '' `` Like I Love You , '' `` Missing You , '' and `` The Feeling I Had . '' It 's another masterpiece ! Amy , Thank you for a wonderful album . I ca n't wait until the next . God Bless !
 Once in a while you stumble across one of those albums that should be listed among the greatest of any genre but instead are terribly underrated . `` Behind the Eyes '' is without a doubt one of those albums.Written and recorded near the time of Amy Grant 's divorce from Gary Chapman , `` Behind the Eyes '' is more than a snapshot of Grant 's inner turmoil at the time . It 's a beautifully crafted blueprint of God 's work in our lives and how He shapes our world to enlighten our walk with Him.The album begins with `` Nobody Home , '' a downbeat look at a once-vibrant ghost town . With this song begins the album 's theme of passivity , of the occurrence of unfortunate turn of events that anyone is able to halt . `` Curious Thing '' is a more uptempo example of this theme , focusing on the humorous aspect of life not always turning out as one might expect . `` I Will Be Your Friend '' is a humble anthem to lifelong friendship and a reassurance that not all relationships are only for a season . `` Takes a Little Time '' is yet another reminder that time does indeed heal all wounds , no matter how deep . `` Turn This World Around '' is a decided break from the album 's theme of passivity , instead encouraging the listener that the world in front of us is ours and ours alone to shape , and `` After all it 's really not that far/To where hope can be found . '' `` Every Road '' and `` Missing You '' are easily the two best tracks on the album . `` Every Road '' is a reminder that out of bad situations can come good times , and is stark in its honesty about Grant 's personal life . `` Missing You '' is a melancholic track about losing someone close , and the music ties in so beautifully to the lyrics that evoke a sense of wandering through life without the person you love.There is no better way to describe `` Behind the Eyes '' than to listen to its songs as both a story and a lesson . The lesson
 Amy has been an inspiration for me since my childhood . Her music and lyrics are so uplifting . Give her a listen , you might like her too !
 By the time this came out Amy Grant was a has-been in the Christian circle . Her divorce to Gary was final , and she continued dating Vince . I know that the Christian stores down here in Florida pulled her stuff from the shelves . Which is a crying shame because we all sin even after we give our lives to Jesus . We are n't perfect just forgiven . So I will come back , and say that this was a very good album . I only heard `` Takes A Little Time '' down here , and to me that was the worst of the album . The rest sounds like she 's trying to find her way back to the Lord , and I believe she has ... otherwise we would n't have the `` Legacy . Hymns and Faith '' album . She sounds like she wanted to put a little edge on this , and she succeeded gone is the silky production , and danceable tunes . I do n't know if she 's toured again , or if she ever will again . I know she 's gone onto become an author , and she still releases greatest hits compilations , so she stays active , but to tour again I would like to see that if she has n't already , and bring closure .
 I enjoy this record a lot , there are some outstanding songs that are worth the record . Well played and produced , I recommend .
 Definitely the best Amy Grant CD I have ever heard . The songwriting of Amy has definitely improved with age and so has her general outlook on music . All the songs are really great , especially `` Nobody home '' and `` Cry a river '' . It 's one of those albums that you can relax to and feel closer to God .
 Parting from the synth-pop , `` bubble-gum '' image of her two previous pop releases , Heart In Motion and House Of Love , Amy shows a glimpse of her life `` Behind The Eyes . '' The songs have a more acoustic , organic sound ... the raw emotion felt in these songs is amazing . `` The Feeling I Had '' is one of the best songs I have heard in a long time . Hearing this really made me cry . This song is about a real aspect of life many people go through , and I 've never heard it sung like this . I would buy this album for that song only . The other songs are great also , including the hit `` Takes A Little Time '' .
 I have been following Amy for some time . Not because of some Christian belief -LRB- I 'm not a Christian -RRB- but because I believe in people who sing from the heart . Not something you can fake . I love this CD , very soulful even if it is n't a remake of a CD like `` Age to Age '' . I even bought the sheet music because I wanted to play this stuff my self .
 Amy Grant 's albums are like a soundtrack to all of our lives . Out of all of her albums , `` Behind The Eyes '' is definitely the album that shows us the real Amy Grant , of who she is as a person , not a personality . Personally , I thought this was going to be another `` Heart In Motion '' -LRB- which I still love -RRB- , but boywas I wrong . I remember when Iheard her doing her version ofJoni Mitchell 's `` Big YellowTaxi '' -LRB- from `` House Of Love '' -RRB- , I kind of guessed that will bewhat this album would sound like
 People who keep hoping she 'll turn up another pop `` bubblegum '' album will most likely be disappointed . But those who really appreciate Grant 's style from the very beginning - that honest and accessible sound - will think this is her best yet . One warning though , this album reflects a lot of sadness in her life . There is , however , a hopeful mood towards the very end . I think a lot of people love her music because they find her songs sing about particular times of their own life . A `` soundtrack '' , if you may . Well , if you 're ever sad , just play this one . No , you wo n't snap out of the funk , but you will be comforted . My picks are the latter tunes in the album like Every Road , Missing You and Somewhere Down The Road . They 're simple , honest and beautiful .
 This is a different but good cd . I belleve that CCM intially called it `` the real unguarded '' or something to that effect . This is way more real and `` Unguarded '' than the cd she that held that same name . On Behind the Eyes , you can see the human side of Amy in her songs and lyrics .
 I have always been a fan of Amy Grant , well , no , that 's not true . In 1984 , I became a Christian , and during that time , the entire teen scene at my church was Amy Grant loco ! Every time one of the teen queens stepped up on a Sunday to sing a song , it was ? Anyone ? Yes , Amy Grant ! I would ask my new church friends , `` What the heck is with this A.G. thing going on , here ? Then came Ungaurded , and I started to take note of some good things going on , especially when I had discovered that much of the song writing was co-written by Amy , or penned by her , alone . I started to realize real talent , here . Then came Lead Me On . What great stuff ! -LRB- A bit too much echo used in production , but . . -RRB- I was impressed with a great CD that was stripped of a lot of the candy coating that seem to varnish the cut wax of most Christian Contemporary artists . Next came Heart in Motion , and House Of Love , that kind of lost me in their ultra pop haze . -LRB- I did come to appreciate some of Heart in Motion years later -RRB- . Then , next , came Behind The Eyes . I had never even heard news of its release , and had actually stumbled across it in the used CD bin at Music Plus , where many more of the same sat abandoned for chump change , by prior buyers . -LRB- I think some people were looking for the candy coated filling of Heart in Motion -RRB- . My first thought was , I really like Amy , but this one must be a real stinker ! However , for $ 7.50 out the door , I had decided to buy a CD I had not heard a peep of , and give it a spin , based on Amy 's past credentials . I liked it first play , and was actually angered that all those other copies sitting in the bargain bin were returned in the first place !! The more I listened , now 100 's of times -RRB- , the more I loved this CD . It is real , raw , sometimes hard to take , and pure writing genius , from all angles . Lyrics - Hit you in the face reality . Music - Well , as always , top notch musicianship , yet also produced and arranged with a total comprehension of what the lyrics were trying to convey , resulting in a perfect pairing . I have lost track of my CD for quite awhile , now , -LRB- my wife probably heisted it -RRB- , but I am bound and determined to hunt it down , confiscate it , and once again filter into one of the best CD 's that I own . -LRB- I like a huge variety of music , yet I still stick to my guns on that comment -RRB- . A must for any music library .
 Behind the Eyes by Amy Grant was released a decade ago but it still stands as her most personal and honest album ever . This cd was about her marriage breaking up and afterwards she went on to marry country superstar Vince Gill . Grant plays guitar for the first time and co-wrote almost every track . My personal fave is Cry A River , this song just gets to me everytime . Like I Love You , Takes A Little Time , I Will Be your Friend , Missing You , and Nobody Home are also standout tracks . Good album so go out and purchase it .
 I grew up listening to Amy Grant . Her `` The Collection '' album is one of my absolute favorites . Not only is the music great , but the lyrics are profound and powerful.In contrast , the music in this album is much simpler , and that 's not a bad thing . This has a very accoustic , almost bluesy , feel to it at parts , and it 's a very pleasant sound.The slight disappointment with `` Behind the Eyes '' is the somewhat generic lyrics . In contrast to her earlier work -LRB- which was primarily written by others -RRB- , some of these songs are downright cheesy . -LRB- `` It takes a little time to turn the Titanic around . '' Come on !! -RRB- In any case , I still enjoy this album and definitely recommend it .
 Truthful . Dark . Uplifting . - call it what ya like but this isindefinitely her most personal and emotional powerful record to date . Behind the eyes captures sheer honesty from within Amy Grant and the best part is , it 's very relatable . From Like i love you , to the `` Feeling I had '' and then '' I will be your friend '' it 's apparent that Amy has come through many changes . But what is Strikingly interesting is how she toned down the `` fluffy pop '' sound and got accoustic . She 's showing the listener that this record is n't about sappy love songs , it 's about life and making peace in her life . I think we all need some peace in our lives every now and then . . do n't ya think ?
 I have been a big fan of Amy Grant since Age to Age . I actually own every album she has ever recorded , and I must say she did it again . Great music from a very gifted and talented artist . Amy thank you so much for the gift of music . As long as you keep writing and recording and touring , you can count on me . Everyone should own this album .
 Amy Grant has one of the most distinctive voices - and vocal styles - in music today . She can take a ballad and wring fresh tears from eyes that have long-since dried . She can take a beat and effortlessly make your fingers snap and your toes tap . I was concerned , however , that her more recent albums were almost too polished & pop-culturized -LRB- if that 's even a word < g > -RRB- . My biggest fear was that Amy Grant would become a sanitized , homogenized , pre-packaged commodity . How wonderful to be proved wrong !! On `` Behind the Eyes '' , Amy is weaving a complex , touching , and heart-wrenching story ... each song 's story seems to lead right into the next . Interesting that there does n't seem to be any genuinely `` upbeat songs '' ; though I ca n't say that I feel sad after listening to the album . The arrangements are just right ... not too much , not too little . She resonates with a depth of soul and spirit that is welcome to these old ears o ' mine!Thank you , Amy ... thank you for showing what a tremendous talent and thoughtful person you really are .
 I think that this is a great album . My personal favorite song on it is `` Like I Love You . '' Probably the most popular song on it is `` Takes a little time . '' My friend is crazy about that song ! You should buy this CD !
 I 've listened to 4 other CDs from AMY and have seen her in concert with the `` Behind the Eyes '' Tour . This mix has some very penetrating , as well as revealing lyrics . Listen carefully to `` Every Road '' for the sensitive treatment of choosing to stay in a relationship that may not be perfect . `` Curious Thing '' is a jaunty collage of how life can reverse course . This is really Amy at her best , playing guitar , singing her heart 's tender feelings , without a lot of production glitz . This one shows her to be a fine lyricist . Note - there 's no title track `` Behind the Eyes '' , it 's in a refrain of one number -LRB- listen for it -RRB- , but it does say a whole lot about Amy 's take on what these songs mean to her . This is soulful stuff without being `` religious '' .
 Not since `` Lead Me On '' has Amy Grant released an album that says so much about herself !! `` Behind The Eyes '' really gets behind the eyes of Amy Grant . With bold songs like `` Cry A River , '' this album can not go wrong . Amy Grant is not out to tell the world what is right and wrong , but rather to show the world that we are all truely the same `` behind the eyes . '' In order to show the world that every person is the same in one way or another , she digs deep into her soul to produce songs that share her feelings -- feelings that we all share :o-RRB- `` The Feeling I Had '' is my favorit song because the emotion which Amy feels can be heard in her voice . A truely great album !!!
 This is without a doubt Amy 's best album -LRB- hopefully to date -RRB- ! It 's mature , moving yet highly listenable . My own favourite , for personal reasons is ` Somewhere Down the Road ' - a great comfort and support .
 After seeing her live at the Fox in Atlanta and hearing most of the cuts from this album , I gained a further appreciation of her and her ability to rise above the hip-hop sound , which she does well , to a package that combines very rich music with lasting lyrics . Each of her songs tells a story and digs deep into the hearts of her listeners , a skill that she perfected with Lead Me On .
 If you 've never bought an Amy Grant album before , buy this one . This is a mature , heartfelt and moving cd , dealing with loss , pain and life . Do n't expect the sugary-production values of previous top-40 hits . Thankfully , they 're nowhere to be found . Grant co-writes 8 of the cd 's 12 trax , but it 's the two written solo that shine above the rest . `` Missing You '' and `` The feeling I had '' are somber laments on loss that perfectly capture the subject matter . It does n't get much better than this .
 A powerful album featuring fabulous vocals . From the soulful `` Cry A River '' to the singalong chorus of `` Nobody Home '' Amy and her supporting musicians take listeners on a journey of emotions and issues facing us all today . I throw the CD in and blast `` Leave It All Behind '' after a long day at the office . Kudos to Amy and after seeing her in concert recently -- I can verify -- this music is truly from her heart .
 After receiving widespread popularity from albums like `` Heart in Motion '' and '' House of Love '' , Amy Grant offers a view of the woman and artist who lives '' Behind the Eyes '' . Her insightful lyrics and artistic finesse on the album 's songs show a mature artists who seeks to balance the various influences in her life without losing sight of the the kind of person that has evolved through the years . The songs featured are not necessarily catchy but are very inviting . They form a wonderful collage of the woman , mother and Christian Amy has become over the years . It is a wonderful recording that is able to satisfy both newcomer and the ones who have known her for a while . A definite keeper !
 I love this album . It was my second Amy Grant CD after `` Heart in Motion . '' Her songs console you about love and faith and the world we live in in general . She 's got a soothing voice , and her music is great to fall asleep to .
 How do you build a scene ? The thrash metal scene of the 80 's had strong roots in the Tampa Bay area . If you were a metal fan , and lived in the Tampa Bay area from 1985-1990 , then Nasty Savage and Savatage were the heartbeat of your generation . The Nasties second release , `` Indulgence '' is a delivery of a promise made on their debut . The guitars are every bit as crunchy , and the drumming of Curtis the Shark , is as stellar as ever ! If you were to have witnessed Savage in 86-89 at a local show , you would have invariably been in an audience alongside members of Death , Obituary , Deicide , Atheist , Six Feet Under , Massacre , Morbid Angel , Iced Earth , Oblivion , Fester , Fatal Blessing , Last Rites ... The result was a birth of a powerful and influential scene . So much that the student started to teach the master . With these two releases in 86 and 88 , we saw on `` Indulgence '' that Nasty Ronnie adopted a heavier `` death-like '' growl . Nasty Savage always delighted fans with top-notch studio work , courtesy of Morrisound Studios -LRB- another way in which they gave birth to a scene and sound ! -RRB- . The sessions for `` Abstract Reality '' produced the only recorded works by bassist Chris Moorehouse , whom was tragically killed in an auto accident shortly after it 's release . `` Abstract Reality '' was the final great work of a band that had too much to offer and not enough audience to revel in it . Nasty Savage was clearly a band that burned out too soon , and never get the respect that they justly deserve . Only Metallica has affected their `` local '' scene more profoundly than the Nasties did in Tampa in the 80 's . I still think Van Der Car 's artwork was weird !
 I totally miss this band . I thought they were probably one of the best bands on the scene at the time and this CD that includes the `` Abstract '' EP is ESSENTIAL ! Indulgence is one of the best metal CDs of all time . Point blank ! Songs like `` xxx '' , the awesome riff in `` Divination '' all the way to the title track and `` Hypnotic Trance '' are such classics that I still listen with anticipation to this day . The EP is awesome as well . `` Unchained Angel '' and `` Abstract Reality '' just smoke . They were very progressive and just a great band that I wish would reform . Face it , there are so many bands that have reformed from that era that cant touch the Savage ! Love this and everyone must own it if they have any metal in them .
 I live in Ft. Lauderdale , not that far from Tampa . I was able witness one of the most incredible growths of music ... the growth of `` death metal '' ... I can not actually consider Nasty Savage as `` death metal '' ... It is much more than that . It may be the most unique mixure of music you will ever hear . It is so deep , and so mindboggling , that one listen will pull you in and never let you go . Nasty Savage is one of a kind . Nobody has ever been able to come close to matching the ferosity and pure adrenaline that Nasty Savage so seemingly easily produces . `` Indulgence '' takes you by the throat , brings you under its spell , then leaves in a catantonic state of bewilderment . Your chances of ever forgetting this experience are non existent . Nasty Savage will forever be one of the true pioneers of the `` Tampa Bay Death Metal Era '' . If you do n't already have this CD , you are truly missing out !!!
 I 've always LOVED this LP and it is one of my All Time Favorites ! Lots of Great Soul Music
 This music is as close to perfect in every way I can imagine . I do n't know much on this artist but `` At the Feet of the Moon '' should have been on this album , one of my favorites ! It might have been released as a single -LRB- again , I do n't know much about these obscure bands , although Parachute Club may be quite well-known from the 1980s -RRB- . `` Rise Up '' is another great song.Sounds perfect for on the beach or as background music at a party.I highly recommend this album . Very satisfied!It sounds like Gloria Estafan in many ways , especially the voice . I could not even tell the difference today from back then which artist was what ! -LRB- Well , somewhat - the Internet is the biggest aid to solve any missing knowledge in my memory bank . -RRB-
 This ... is keepin it real . He got something to smoke to , somethin to ride to , something to get yo freak on to . It 's an all around good cd . I can listen to it several times in a row and everytime I rehear a song - I feel it like it was the first time I heard it . Of course big snoop helps keep it bossed up.YOU GOTZ TA DO IT !!!!!
 The Dogghouse Label has proved that they can drop quality releases from multiple artists . So far they have released two quality Eastsidaz albums , Doggys Angels , Snoop Dogg 's Last Meal -LRB- released jointly with No Limit -RRB- The Bones Soundtrack and Bad Azz Personal Business.There is not a dropoff in quality as Bad Azz rips his way through 20 tracks . After this commercial release and two videos -LRB- How We Get Down , Wrong Idea -RRB- , its a shame most people still do n't know who Bad Azz is . I like to think of him as a west coast AZ , as both have similar style and voice and remain relatively unknown despite their skill.The label producers are kept for this release as well
 If you are sick of the Crip-Walking , Doggstyle rappers from Long Beach , CA ... well then you are in for something new from the LBC ! Yes , Bad Azz is back from the LBC Crew and is n't like no Daz , Nate Dogg , RBX , Tray Deee or Snoop Doggy figure , Bad Azz has his own unique Locc style , which he has plenty of words on the song U Do n't Wan na Be Broke , and the song named after the Album Title , Personal Business featuring Val Young . The song Dogghouse Ridaz has a perfecto west coast style funk that features Snoop Doggy Dogg , Goldie Loc , Suga Free & Kokane . A hardcore gangsta song is Do n't Wan na Die featuring Daz Dillinger & Blaqthoven . Personal Business features guest artists Kokane , Ice Cube , Val Young , Snoop Doggy Dogg , Lil Tip , Lil Beau , Nicole Harris , LaToiya Williams , Doggy 's Angels , Butch Cassidy , Ras Kass , Sylk E-Fyne , Kurupt , Goldie Loc , Suga Free , Daz Dillinger , Blaqthoven , Jelly Roll , Lil ' 1/2 Dead & Salim Grant.The most Bad Azz songs from my Locc are * 2 , 3 , 4 , * 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 13 , * 14 , * 15 , 16 , 17 & 20 .
 Good Production , With tons of most loved West Coast Gangsta Rapper support , Snoop Dogg , DPG , RBX , Ras Kass , Kokane , Suga Free Ice Cube ... etcStrong West Coast Line up !!! All songs is very good!One of the album that you should purchase for you west coast collections !
 This is a DOPE cd . There are so many good songs on it . Dogghouse Ridaz is one of the tightest songs of the year . . no doubt . And the first single `` Wrong Idea '' is blazing as well . Bad Azz , along with the entire Dogghouse family , sound great on this CD as they are supported by great production . Bad Azz is one of the most underrated lyricists in the game right now . Hopefully this album does not get slept on because it is one of the better albums of the year .
 Bad Azz is dope and getting better everytime i hear him , however in my opinion its his beats and track selection that will halt his progress in terms of album sales and flava . His first album was good but suffered the same as this album in the fact that there are too many tracks that sound the same because they are so laid back and really lacking alittle liveness or crunkness even though this maybe the style of beat Bad Azz chose because he describes ghetto struggle so well . The best tracks are ` Streetz Illustrated ' , ` Wrong Idea ' and ` How We Do It ' with afew others close behind . If Bad Azz can include afew more tracks like these on his albums then he will start to really shine . Buy this album still , because the good tracks are Phat !!!
 bad azz is a tight rapper and his cd is tight . Epecially the you dont wan na be broke song . some of the other songs i didnt really care for but his album overall is pretty good .
 This is another successful album from a Dogg Pound member.Bad Azz first album was real good and this one in my opinion is a even tie . The beats is something you can groove to and get your thug on at the same time . The album 's full of street songs and serious ones aswell , which is good because I like to listen to anything that 's based on reality.This album features Snoop Dogg , Daz , Kurupt , Doggy 's Angels , Ice Cube , Sylk e.fyne , Val Young , Rass Kass and others.Bad Azz is one of best lyricst you 'll find on any coast , so no matter where you from or what kinda rap you like I bet Bad Azz got something you 'll like no doubt .
 Bad Azz was not a bad rapper but sometimes he can make a questionable album . But this album is not one of those times . Standout Tracks
 After almost 3 years since his debut , and with a lot more hype and budget , Bad Azz returns with an album not up to par with his debut , but still worthy of 4 stars . For starters it has too many guests -LRB- only 2 songs have no one else on them -RRB- . Of the 17 songs , guests rap on 10 and do hooks on at least 5 so you do n't get as much of one of the best kept secrets of the west as I 'd have liked . It has 1 almost classic song , 3 that I skip , 4 are ok , and the others are good but only 1 or 2 of them is great . Production is pretty good but lacks on a few tracks , surprisingly cause he has some of the better known producers from the west coast on here . Jelly Roll does 6 songs , Battlecat does 5 , Blaqthoven does 2 , LT Hutton , Lil Beau , DJ Don , & Big Hollis all do 1 . The middle of the album slacks off a lot . A good album to have for his fans and a good west coast album as well , jus tnot his best . # 2 - 8 # 3 - 9.5 -LRB- great beat -- my favorite on here -RRB- # 4 - 8.5 -LRB- f / kokane -RRB- # 5 - 7.5 -LRB- f / Ice Cube -RRB- # 7 - 9 -LRB- f / Val Young -RRB- # 8 - 6 -LRB- f / SnooP Dogg -RRB- # 9 - 7 -LRB- f / Lil Tip , LiL Beau , Nicole Harris -- goo dbeat -RRB- # 10 - 7.5 -LRB- f / LaToiya Williams & Doggy 's Angels -RRB- # 11 - 6 -LRB- f / Butch Cassidy , Ras Kass , Sylk E Fine -RRB- # 12 - 8 -LRB- f / Snoop & Kurupt -RRB- # 13 - 6 -LRB- f / RBX & Kokane -RRB- # 14 - 7.5 -LRB- f / Snoop , Goldie Loc , Suga Free , Kokane -RRB- # 15 - 9 -LRB- f / Daz Dillinger & Blaqthoven -RRB- # 16 - 8 -LRB- f / Jelly Roll -RRB- # 17 - 8 -LRB- f / Snoop , Kokane , Lil Half Dead -- also on Snoop 's `` Tha Last Meal '' -RRB- # 19 - 8.5 -LRB- f / Jelly Roll & Blaqthoven -RRB- # 20 - 8 -LRB- deeper song -- f / Salim Grant -RRB- Jamar Stamps -- b. around 1974 -- Long Beach , CACheck all my reviews
 Bad Azz comes out with this CD as a relatively unknown MC . This should be fixed . Bad Azz should be known . He has great lyrical talent as well as awesome beats on this CD . It is much better than his first CD , Word on Tha Streets.The best songs are `` U Do n't Wan na Be Broke , `` Streetz Illustrated , `` Personal Business , '' and `` How We Get Down . '' `` U Do n't Wan na Be Broke '' is the second best song on the CD and it features great rapping and lyrics as Bad Azz tears it up . The beat is AWESOME . `` Streetz Illustrated '' is featuring West Coast rap legend Ice Cube who delivers one awesome verse . The background is great . This is my favorite song off the CD . `` Personal Business '' is about Bad Azz 's life and his business . Cool background , great rapping/lyrics , great song . `` How We Get Down '' is the third best song . It is a party song and it features the Doggy 's Angels , who I do n't particularly like , although they do nice on this track . Bad Azz does good , too , of course . The only tracks I do n't like would be `` We from the LBC '' featuring Snoop Dogg because the rapping in that song is n't very good from the Dogg or Bad Azz . `` Too Many Choices '' is absolutely terrible . I hate this track because it 's pretty much all singing and slow stuff , which I do n't like . The third and final track that I do n't like is `` It 's On All Day , '' which is slow and Bad Azz is kind of quiet on that one . I am not a fan of the really slow songs . Every other song on here is either good or awesome . Bad Azz does n't need much guest appearences , but he uses them well , like in `` Money 2 Fold , '' featuring Snoop and Kurupt . This is a `` please pass me the mic , I wan na rap '' type song that I really like.Bad Azz is extremely talented . It 's a shame that he is unknown . He is a great lyricist , and he is real . `` Personal Business '' is my favorite overall CD of 2001 because Bad Azz has so much talent and makes an outstanding CD . This kind of CD does n't come around very often , so I suggest you go cop it . You will not be disappointed .
 This is surely one of the best albums to come out so far this year . It 's about time Bad Azz gets his respect . He 's been on the side line for the past 6 years , and now it 's his time to shine . This album is definitely the BOMB !! Although I had an advance copy of the album a year ago , they revamped it to add a few tracks , and also deleted a few good ones . Murderous MC ' z was supposed to be on this album but was left off . I suggest downloading it if you can . You 've got to like Long Beach gangsta rap to enjoy this album . Do n't sleep . I thought Word On The Streets was wack , but this easly out does his first CD .
 Badd azz iz back with his sopohomore album , and i guarantee it iz better.With colaborations of snoop , ice cube , xzibit , kurupt rass kass and warren and it cant get any more gangsta than this . the tightest songs are U dont wan na be broke , Streetz illustrated and Wrong idea , outta hand ! this is a must buy , so scoop it up when ya can .
 A real tight C.D. . In my opinion two times better than his original with better production and better lyrics . A couple of tracks were sleepers but without a doubt worth picking up when you see it .
 This CD is great - the songs are fun and not annoying . When my daughter was a newborn , the first song , Mama Llama , would stop her from crying - it was amazing . She still loves it 15 months later . Highly recommended !
 An awesome CD that is fun for kids and parents to listen too . This is definitely one of my favorites to play for my 17 mo old daughter .
 My 20 month old son loves this CD . As soon as he hears `` Mama Llama '' come on , he starts to boogy ! It 's fun music that parents can enjoy , too .
 El Chicano 's 4th album was a transition time for the band.Original and founding bass player fred sanchez left and singer guitarist Jerry Salas was added to the band.Tell her she 's lovely was the hit.It has a great rhythm . The is a twin lead throughout the song.Other notable songs Cha Chita , Enchanted Forest , Sunday kind of mood and un-mundo .
 The only reason I did n't put five stars is because it did n't include `` When the Lights Go Down '' . Otherwise , it 's alright
 Simply put this is one of the best black metal albums ever made . Heck , it 's one of the best metal albums ever made . The music is very simple and repetitive , the point being to put the listener into a trance-like state . The music is paradoxically dissonant and beautiful . The opening segment of Det Som En Gang Var is a perfect example of this . You have this simple beautiful keyboard line hovering over very dissonant droning distorted guitar chords . The two halves of the album mirror each other , the first and last track are both about 14 minutes long and are divided into two fairly equal sections . The second and third tracks are around 8 minutes apiece and are very similar in sound/style . The first and last track however while very similar in mood are quite different in instrumentation -LRB- the opener involves vocals , guitars , bass , drums and keyboards ; the closer is pure keyboards -RRB- . Simply put the music on this album is some of the most hypnotic and achingly beautiful you will find within the black metal genre . Get it .
 Wow ... I have just played this masterpiece through and I have never heard a more atmospheric black metal album . It is the coldest , most desolate-sounding piece I have ever been witness to . It makes Agalloch sound like summer beach tunes , and makes Dimmu Borgir and Children of Bodom sound like carnival clowns -LRB- wait ... they sound like carnival clowns anyway -RRB- . Varg blew away anything by his friends in Darkthrone with this album . I did n't think it could get much better than his `` Burzum/Aske '' LP + EP , but I 'm inclined to say this one is . The opener `` Det Som en Gang Var '' is pure brilliance , while the closing `` Tomhet '' has a beautifully grim aura to it . The other two songs are masterfully executed as well , and fit in properly between the two longer songs . I highly recommend this to any fan of good music .
 This is one of the best black metal albums made in the early days of the Norwegian scene
 This album -LRB- like all Burzum 's albums -RRB- sounds completely different in tone and distortion than past and present works . `` Det Som Engang Var '' is a 11 minute intro of atmospheric distortion and movement . Varg 's vokills are more scrachy -LRB- as if his vokills can get anymore scary -RRB- than Filosefem . The album 's title and 2nd song , `` Hvis Lyset Tar Oss '' , means `` when the light takes us '' in Norwegian . `` Tomhet '' , the 4th and last song , is extremely atmospheric and makes your mind float to forests of towering trees of green and rivers of crystal blue water . It seems every Burzum album is better than the last ... Varg owns the immaculate black metal throne for all eternity !
 I do n't agree with all of Varg 's beliefs of his actions but I do agree with some of them and give him a pat on the back for telling it like it is whether the politically correct want to hear it or not . Even if you ca n't stand his anti multiculturalist pro white views I think his music stands for itself as a testament that he puts his heart into the music he creates . This heartfelt emotion comes out at you when you listen to this and is something that can not be faked.It 's a short but dark and brooding record filled up with very basic black metals riffs and soundscapes that suck you into the dark and chilling world of a Norwegian forest in the heart of winter . It 's desolate but beautiful at the same time . In my opinion Mayhem was a great band but Burzum really captures the essence of black metal and does it masterfully in this album . The only reason people tend to side with Mayhem is because they are afraid of being called a racist for saying they like Burzum 's music which is really a lot better then Mayhem after one gives it a listen.Varg , like Graveland 's Rob Darken , is a true black metal warrior whose music deserves to be listened to because the emotion comes out in ways that can not be faked by someone who writes it just for the money . This guy can create a dark masterpiece and I encourage anyone to to give it a listen and try to drop the narratives you may have about the man and simply focus on the music . How could anyone not like this?The `` Mozart '' of black metal is Varg and Burzum and although it sounds outrageous to claim such a thing it is n't a stretch to believe it once you open your mind and listen to this .
 Burzum truly was one of the most incredible black metal acts around . While Mayhem concentrated on playing as quickly as possible while Darkthrone felt that the worse production the better the album , Burzum created something infinity more timeless , emotional , bleak and harsh . Hvis Lyset Tar Oss is perfect proof of this.Dark , cold and stirring music , few black metal bands have managed to create atmosphere like Varg has here -LRB- the only band I can think of is Ulver on the magnificent Bergtatt , though they did it in a different context -RRB- . Rarely is music so simple and sloppy with in-your-face distortion so emotionally affecting . And in case that sounds like a bad thing - it is n't . If this were played by music scholars it would sound bland . If it were produced in a proper studio , it would sound dry . As it is , I 've rarely heard an album so bleak and atmospheric.Det Som Engang Var is a mid-paced epic with haunting melodies and Varg 's tortured screams . I do n't know what he 's screaming , but I do n't really want to know . He conveys what he 's feeling so well that I do n't need to . Hvis Lyset Tar Oss and Inn I Slottet Fra Droemmen are faster tracks , though they still clock in at around 8 minutes each . Despite their more aggresive nature , they 're still dark , icy and stirring in their own way . The album finishes off with an epic synth track , Comhet . Its simple and repetitive , but then it could n't be anything else . Its proof that Varg does n't need to turn up the distortion and scream to create a mood or catch your emotions.Along with Det Som Engang Var -LRB- the album -RRB- , Hvis Lyset Tar Oss is essential black metal . If you 're new to the genre then it may be hard to digest , because compared to the stereo-typical view of black metal -LRB- eg , De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas or Transylvanian Hunger -RRB- Burzum is rather genre defying . But anyone with an open mind looking dark , epic , emotional and bleak black metal needs this album .
 Regardless of your music tastes , give this a shot . Listen to it all the way through , loud , with good headphones or speakers , and with no interruptions or distractions . It 's an odyssey . It 's beautiful . It 's haunting . It 's easily one of my top 20 favorite albums of all time -LRB- if not top 10/5/3 -RRB- . If you 're already into metal , then you 're most likely going to love this . Contrary to what another reviewer said , I loved this album despite my inexperience with black metal -- I think all that is required is an open mind.Every song on here is gold , but my favorite is the third , `` Inn I Slottet Fra Droemmen , '' which translates in English to `` Into the Castle From the Dream . '' The first half of the song is pure chaos and energy , which fades away , slowly building back up to and coalescing into a fantastic guitar riff . The blast-beat drums kick in and carry the riff until synths join in , all over a subtle tremolo picking . Varg lets out a final scream and all the energy is unleashed once more in full force during the outro . Breathtaking . The transition from all the energy of the previous two songs to the desolate 15-minute ambient track , `` Tomhet , '' is devastating . It drips with melancholy . One certainly gets the sense of being lost in a forest , desperately and resentfully trying to avoid the gaze and light of God through the trees -LRB- hence the album title and the title of the second song , `` If the Light Takes Us . '' -RRB- Anyway , I do n't want to spoil it or bore you with my assessment . I 'd consider this a must-have for any black metal/metal-in-general fan ... or for anyone with varied and open-minded music preferences.Disclaimer for the wary
 This album surpasses all metal and has not been matched since . Four lengthy songs in a symphonic ambient black metal style takes metal to its highest point in evolution and beyond.This one-man band orchestrates with a thematic narrative that puts the listener into a dreamlike state . Simple riffs are layered to create epic structures and are ambient in tone resulting in a range of moods while maintaining a trancelike effect . Shifting harmonies throughout these themes creates a journey of intense emotion and heavy realizations . Each track varies in speed and style but are all strongly connected like a classical movement . Ideological impact is the key to this albums power as songs drive forth with outstanding passion and sincerity . The subtlety is so deep that each listen will evoke feelings of wonder and majesty no matter how many times visited . It is an epic poetic story that is mystical yet symbolic to reality - it literally awakens your soul with a vision of eternal order through chaos . The album ends with an ambient keyboard track that is minimal and allows heavy reflection and resolution after the severe intensity and whirlwind of emotion from the first three tracks.The result is an experience like no other album of modern times . Its power is immense and makes us contemplate the deepest questions of our very existence . In the age of our moribund civilisation this album is the ultimate warcry against the stupidity of the modern world .
 First of all , I want to make it clear that I am reviewing Hvis Lyset Tar Oss . For some reason , the reviews for Daudi Baldrs appear instead of reviews for Hvis Lyset Tar Oss.Varg Vikernes said in an interview awhile back that he considers this album his best . As much as I like Filosofem , I may have to agree with him . Hvis Lyset Tar Oss contains four longer pieces of music , all of them strong , three buzzing metal pieces and one dark ambient . In my opinion , the strongest works are the longest
 For those familiar with the Burzum name , Hvis Lyset Tar Oss is largely and widely accepted as his crowning achievement . Utilizing a stunning mixture of layered guitar melodies , gloomy synths , and thunderous percussion , Varg works his way through three hypnotic metal songs before the ambitious ambient outro - Tomhet . Rather than sit here and rattle on about the magic contained within this record , I would rather just claim that it is a must have for any black metal fan , and ranks among the highest calibur or metal releases period .
 Burzum certainly is a `` love it or hate it '' band , and this album seems to be no exception . I personally rank this album , along with Filosofem and Aske , in my favorite metal albums of all time . It 's only made up of 4 songs , but each one is pretty long , and the total length of the album is pretty standard . Also , each song is unique in it 's own way , so it offers a lot in one package . I 'll break this album review down into 4 parts , one for each song.The first track , Det Som En Gang Var , is a 15 minute trance track . It consists of a keyboard/guitar intro , leading into the main body of the song . Most of the song consists of a few riffs which are arranged in an order and repeated , but without it being centered around a specific riff -LRB- the chorus , in most songs -RRB- . The only `` pauses '' are a sustaining guitar and Varg 's signature vocals interrupting a few times . What sets this apart from the next two songs is that this feels more like a traditional song to me , since it has clear and defining changes , while the next two play through like one giant riff , even though they too have different parts.Hvis Lyset Tar Oss is the second song , and my favorite track on the album . This is a very fast song with relatively little change through out it . The whole song has tremolo picking guitars and quick drums blasting in the back . What makes this song stand out to me is how the guitars are layered at times to create this epic sounding riff without adding very much . It 's a little hard to explain but I know others love this song too.Inn I Slottet Fra Droemmen is the third song . It 's my least favorite on the album but it 's still a good song . It 's similar to Hvis Lyset Tar Oss in a way , since it too is fast and has little change . However , this one just does n't have the same impact on me that Hvis Lyset Tar Oss does . I think the riff is n't as catchy but that 's just my opinion.Finally , we have Tomhet . It stands out from the first three songs because it is entirely keyboards and drums . It 's an ambient song , and it is divided into three parts . The first section , a bridge , and the finale . Although the song is 15 minutes long , it does n't drag on like you would expect . All I really have to say is , it is hauntingly beautiful.Well , that 's all I have to say . Only buy this if you are experienced with black metal , because otherwise you 'll hate it for sure .
 I love everything on this album . Every song is perfect , the guitars are raw like a rusty chainsaw , and Vikernes sings like he was about to kill someone the second after . Standout tracks
 sure , Varg 's beliefs may be a total joke but that does n't stop him from making amazing music . if you ca n't look past politics than maybe you 're just too PC for black metal in general -LRB- a scene that when you get further & further underground is strongly devoted to the Aryan race , nationalist socialism , etc. -RRB- despite the fact that he 's a murderer he is a tortured soul & it 's more than obvious on his more black metal orientated material . saddly he has abandonded all involvement with black metal , because somehow , someway he sees it linked to `` black music '' . varg you silly fool .
 This album surpasses all metal and has not been matched since . Four lengthy songs in a symphonic ambient black metal style takes metal to its highest point in evolution and beyond.This one-man band orchestrates with a thematic narrative that puts the listener into a dreamlike state . Simple riffs are layered to create epic structures and are ambient in tone resulting in a range of moods while maintaining a trancelike effect . Shifting harmonies throughout these themes creates a journey of intense emotion and heavy realizations . Each track varies in speed and style but are all strongly connected like a classical movement . Ideological impact is the key to this albums power as songs drive forth with outstanding passion and sincerity . The subtlety is so deep that each listen will evoke feelings of wonder and majesty no matter how many times visited . It is an epic poetic story that is mystical yet symbolic to reality - it literally awakens your soul with a vision of eternal order through chaos . The album ends with an ambient keyboard track that is minimal and allows heavy reflection and resolution after the severe intensity and whirlwind of emotion from the first three tracks.The result is an experience like no other album of modern times . Its power is immense and makes us contemplate the deepest questions of our very existence . In the age of our moribund civilisation this album is the ultimate warcry against the stupidity of the modern world.Check out the dark legions archive for more high quality metal :[ ... -RSB-
 This album surpasses all metal and has not been matched since . Four lengthy songs in a symphonic ambient black metal style takes metal to its highest point in evolution and beyond.This one-man band orchestrates with a thematic narrative that puts the listener into a dreamlike state . Simple riffs are layered to create epic structures and are ambient in tone resulting in a range of moods while maintaining a trancelike effect . Shifting harmonies throughout these themes creates a journey of intense emotion and heavy realizations . Each track varies in speed and style but are all strongly connected like a classical movement . Ideological impact is the key to this albums power as songs drive forth with outstanding passion and sincerity . The subtlety is so deep that each listen will evoke feelings of wonder and majesty no matter how many times visited . It is an epic poetic story that is mystical yet symbolic to reality - it literally awakens your soul with a vision of eternal order through chaos . The album ends with an ambient keyboard track that is minimal and allows heavy reflection and resolution after the severe intensity and whirlwind of emotion from the first three tracks.The result is an experience like no other album of modern times . Its power is immense and makes us contemplate the deepest questions of our very existence . In the age of our moribund civilisation this album is the ultimate warcry against the stupidity of the modern world .
 This album surpasses all metal and has not been matched since . Four lengthy songs in a symphonic ambient black metal style takes metal to its highest point in evolution and beyond.This one-man band orchestrates with a thematic narrative that puts the listener into a dreamlike state . Simple riffs are layered to create epic structures and are ambient in tone resulting in a range of moods while maintaining a trancelike effect . Shifting harmonies throughout these themes creates a journey of intense emotion and heavy realizations . Each track varies in speed and style but are all strongly connected like a classical movement . Ideological impact is the key to this albums power as songs drive forth with outstanding passion and sincerity . The subtlety is so deep that each listen will evoke feelings of wonder and majesty no matter how many times visited . It is an epic poetic story that is mystical yet symbolic to reality - it literally awakens your soul with a vision of eternal order through chaos . The album ends with an ambient keyboard track that is minimal and allows heavy reflection and resolution after the severe intensity and whirlwind of emotion from the first three tracks.The result is an experience like no other album of modern times . Its power is immense and makes us contemplate the deepest questions of our very existence . In the age of our moribund civilisation this album is the ultimate warcry against the stupidity of the modern world .
 This album surpasses all metal and has not been matched since . Four lengthy songs in a symphonic ambient black metal style takes metal to its highest point in evolution and beyond.This one-man band orchestrates with a thematic narrative that puts the listener into a dreamlike state . Simple riffs are layered to create epic structures and are ambient in tone resulting in a range of moods while maintaining a trancelike effect . Shifting harmonies throughout these themes creates a journey of intense emotion and heavy realizations . Each track varies in speed and style but are all strongly connected like a classical movement . Ideological impact is the key to this albums power as songs drive forth with outstanding passion and sincerity . The subtlety is so deep that each listen will evoke feelings of wonder and majesty no matter how many times visited . It is an epic poetic story that is mystical yet symbolic to reality - it literally awakens your soul with a vision of eternal order through chaos . The album ends with an ambient keyboard track that is minimal and allows heavy reflection and resolution after the severe intensity and whirlwind of emotion from the first three tracks.The result is an experience like no other album of modern times . Its power is immense and makes us contemplate the deepest questions of our very existence . In the age of our moribund civilisation this album is the ultimate warcry against the stupidity of the modern world .
 Besides all the church burning and killing Burzum actually did some good music to brag about with Hvis Lysset Tar Oss . This is actually one of the best albums to come out of the Norwegian black metal scene . Beginning with the cold and harsh drumming of Det Som En Gang Var the album leads you to a trip through snow covered landscapes resembling the black and white illustration of the artwork . This is no happy music you know ... Varg delivers his vocals with such ferocity that no other singer can match . The song patterns , while primitive and repetitive hold an intelligence to them as they are simple but full of meaning . The 4 tracks that range to about an hour are full of cold black metal riffing and Varg 's wolflike screams with the last song being the exception . Tomhet which is Norwegian for Empty does exactly that , it empties you with it 's repetitive ambient structure . While not up to par with most ambient artists out there it sure leaves you with a nice feeling . People who want to experience all that is black metal be sure to check this album . You wo n't regret it ...
 This CD withDet Som Engang Varare the best of Burzum with no doubt about it . Hvis lyset tar oss was recorded in September 1992 , but it was released in May 1994 . This is also Varg 's favourite Burzum album , and has been seen as the best of his work , especially the track `` Det som en gang var '' -LRB- ` What once was ' -RRB- . At the beginning the album would have this track `` Et hvitt lys over skogen '' , but it was changed for the instrumental track `` Tomhet '' . Theodor Kittelsen drew the album 's cover in the 19th century , the name of the drawing is `` The Pauper `` Track listing : `` Det som en gang var '' -LRB- What Once Was -RRB- - 14:21 `` Hvis lyset tar oss '' -LRB- If the Light Takes Us -RRB- - 8:05 `` Inn i slottet fra drmmen '' -LRB- In The Castle Of The Dream -RRB- - 7:52 `` Tomhet '' -LRB- Emptiness -RRB- - 14:12
 This album is commonly -LRB- and , in my opinion , justly -RRB- cited as Black Metal 's defining moment . However , considering the kind of music that passes for black metal these days , I can imagine this assertion causing no end of confusion among fans of today 's `` symphonic black metal '' bands . Most likely such fans , upon listening to Hvis Lyset Tar Oss , will be left scratching their oh-so-evil little heads and asking themselves , `` Where are the gothic melodies ? Where are the tempo changes ? Where is the evil satanic imagery ? And why do none of these songs have choruses that I can sing along and play air-guitar to ? `` The fact is that this album is called `` definitive '' for the very reason that it strips away all of these preconceived aesthetic notions of what black metal * should * be , and focuses instead on the basic compositional and ideological foundations underlying the original Black Metal movement . This extremely purified approach looks back way beyond the birth of the Corpse-Paint-And-Satan movement , to a time when music was experienced as a direct expression of emmotion , before such developments as formalised musical theory , stylistic divisions , `` scenes '' and mass-media started teaching us how music ought to sound . That Burzum manages to communicate such a universal message within the confines of such a limited genre as Norwegian Black Metal -LRB- and whlie espousing a particularly elitist philosophy - see any interview with him -RRB- is the true measure of his talent . This album is by no means only for the `` hardcore '' or the `` true BlackMetalers '' or any such rubbish ; on the contrary , I would say that Burzum is readily accessible to anyone willing to step out of his comfort zone and accept it on its own terms . To these people , I give this CD the highest possible recommendation . Just do n't expect to `` get '' it right away , as it may take a while to figure out where Varg is coming from before you can start to see where he 's taking you .
 With this album , Burzum ups the ante with this strikingly epic album of emotional atmosphere . Not concerned with time , these songs slowly develop and guide you through the stages of fear , mortality , and eventual death . These riffs are fairly simple , but its in its composition and frighteninly painful vocals that no band in the black metal scene has matched . The album title translates to `` When the light takes us '' , a take on the christian religion -LRB- or light -RRB- assimilating the norse traditions . 8 yrs later , this album is still at the top of black metal , and with the way black metal is plunging these days , will likely continue to be .
 For the record , Varg Vikernes is a fool . I ca n't stand him or his beliefs . Luckily , it 's his music under examination on here , and not him . He 's locked away in a safe place now , and no matter how many times he tells his mother he plans to flee , he ca n't do it anymore.This album gets five stars . One for each track , and one for the cover . `` Det Som Engang Var '' is a 15-minute work of artistic genius . A majestic epic of melody and wonder , with riffs that can only be described as grim . And the the tortured screams over top ? Oh , God ... what an effective way of scaring someone off to church to confess ! Varg was a unique vocalist , to say the least , who has been imitated to no end to this day . No one will ever match his voice 's power or the immense pinnacle of this track . The title track and `` Inn I Slottet Fra Droemmen '' are minimalist semi-epics , working off a framework of repeating a few riffs or tones at high speed for droning periods to create a hypnotic effect , much akin to minimalist classical music , i.e. Philip Glass . `` Tomhet '' is an epic electronic track which mixes the sweep of `` Det Som ... '' and the simpkistic hypnotism of the second and third tracks.The album cover is one of the most geniunely chilling pieces of art to ever adorn an album cover . A lonely path curves around a bend where a corpse lays . The crows once pecking at its decaying flesh are scattered . A closer look proves the ingenuity of the cover . The crows are flying away from something , seemingly from some ... creature or whatnot which has appeared . The view is from the eyes of what has arrived and spooked the crows . That is art right there . It sums up the mood of the album so exactly it 's quite ridiculous.How could one man conceive such a concept and a work of music ? I suppose now the world may never know . Regardless of his political/philosophical silliness , arson , and cold murder . The man sure could create art ...
 from the confines of the insane 's mind , feelings of misanthropy and hostility towards mankind spew forth in all their blunt ... honesty.we all ` see ' images and visions in our head and we all have experienced how frustrating it is , not to be able to transfer them faithfully onto canvas or tape , most of the times.the greatness of this album lies in its power to conjure BACK into the mind of the listener , that primal feeling of rejection of modern society and all the bounds it has put on Man . the music , slow paced , repetitive and hypnotic , evokes images embedded in our collective unconcious , of times forgotten , when Man was free from all conceivable bounds . What once was ... Hvis lyset tar oss , is a shriek of horror at what we have become , because maybe , it 's too late now that we try to be free again.This music succeeds in reversing the roles , by suppressing the conscious mind and awakening the unconscious , resulting in a nearly undescribable experience of having travelled to and returned from some very distant level of existence.The mind wakes up again , numb , at the sound of a sad , dirgy keyboard instrumental , bringing the voyage to its closure .
 This is the best burzum album ever made i think . its the way burzum was ment to sound like the album takes you on a journey through sorrow and sadness.all of the burzum albums are amazing and have a great sound to them but this just stands out alot . the opening track is very hypnotic its a 14 minute song it starts out with a very cold gloomy keyboard and icy guitar that goes on for many minutes then the drums come in and the main guitar riff starts up then blasts like thunder then then a mysterious keyboard sound comes in . the songs riffs reapeat afew times as the lead riff reapeats again then vargs tortured screams come out of nowhere . i may add that this song is one of burzums best songs it alone takes you on a journey it starts out dark and mysterious then towards the middle it breaks down to a sad mood as the sorrowful keyboards come in the and vargs vocals really fit the mood of this song aswell some people might not like his early vocals because there loud and he screams alot but for this song it fits ... because the song is very sad in a way but the song does make you feel like your on a journey and as the outro guitar riff fades away you will feel like you just came from a dark sorrowful journey.some of the guitar riffs sound kinda like there in the background alot of this song you really follow the keyboards because they stand out alot really the lead guitar riff and the outro one are the only ones that stand out without the keyboards . then as the title song comes in i never really got into this song it just did n't sound that great compared to the other ones but thats just what i think but there are some good vocals in the song but not any keyboards can be heard on this one . then the next song Inn i slottet fra drommen comes next this is one of my favorite songs it starts out very brutal and stays that way to it get to the middle and the mood of the song really changes.the keyboards come in again and then you hear a low faded guitar riff then the vocals come in again and the the faded guitar riff breaks in at full force . this is my favorite riff of the song and the riff and drums really go together at this part then the song slows down for a couple of minutes before the last riff returns and a hypnotic keyboard comes into almost filling in for the guitar you really ca n't tell if the guitar is playing the riff or the keyboard but this part of the song almost puts you in a trance before going into the outro riff . this is another song that really makes you feel like your on a journey . then the last song comes on which is a instrumental ambient song that pretty much brings you to the end of your journey and the song is long but its very relaxing . but i think the things that stand out the most on this album would have to be the vocals keyboards and guitars there are no other burzum albums that sound like this which makes this a special album varg himself has even said this was the golden age of burzum and had even said once that it was his favorite album . the album has only four songs but the way the first and last songs are so long it makes the album feel longer but this album has great guitar riffs as every burzum album does and the keyboards are very well played and there very moody . anyone who likes burzum i would recommend this and if your just getting into burzum this i would say would be a good album to get along with the debut and Det some engang var if you are just looking for a good black metal album that have keyboards this would be the best burzum album to get i think .
 This is it - the purest expression of Varg Vikernes ' philosophy . The guitars are beautifully ugly , the drums are at their primitive best , the vocals are still the rawest ever in black metal , and the synths make the whole thing feel ethereal , other-worldly , and dreamlike . It 's like wandering through a darkly beautiful mountain landscape - hungered , violent , solitary , godless -LRB- to quote Nietzsche -RRB- . The whole thing is topped off with a long synth instrumental that sounds like the aural personification of ice.The lyrics -LRB- in Norwegian -RRB- , contrary to common view -LRB- and regardless of Varg 's personal opinions -RRB- , are not Satanic , Nazi or even racist - they are either personal in nature or describe various Norse myths.There 's not much more to say about Hvis Lyset Tar Oss , other than it is an experience not meant for all . Approach at your own risk , and do n't be ashamed if you run screaming from the darkness .
 Whether one views him as an intentional genius , an idiot savant or even a media whore , it is hard to deny the creative legacy of Varg Vikernes and his artistic outlet , Burzum . Like a looming mountain range , shrouded in mist and legend , he has cast a dark and forboding shadow across the face , not only of black metal , but all subsequent extreme music . And , among those mountains , `` Hvis lyset tar oss '' stands as Everest , towering above all that came before it and dwarfing all that has passed since.Metal , as a genre , has excelled beyond all modern forms of music in its passion for transcendence and its embrace of the epic spirit of the glorious past . But where most metal found the epic in grandiose gestures , pomp and circumstance , `` Hvis lyset tar oss '' wraps itself in the mystery of the Void , becoming metal 's most sublime expression by reaching inward , into dream and memory , to find both eternal sorrow and joy in that which has been lost . `` Hvis lyset tar oss '' is the suspension of time set to music . It is that simple . It is that complex . The infinite past is reimagined as the eternal future ; the future is the endless present that never was . Nothing is hurried , nothing is forced . Four songs are stretched across 44 minutes , and while none lingers too long , all echo through the imagination long after they are finished , each unfolding naturally , in its own time . This is an album that entrances with through sheer grace ; driven by deceptively simple , but gloriously beautiful melodies and harmonies whose motion is the purest of elegance , themes evolving so subtly that even the attentive listener is quickly enveloped without ever discovering quite why.But the magic of `` Hvis lyset tar oss '' is as much about the space between sound as sound itself . The album opens with the dreamspace echoes of the intro to `` Det som engang var , '' perhaps the greatest single masterpiece of metal ever produced , a song built of the controlled but explosive energy of longing and the almost unbearable weight of eternity condensed into its many contemplative pauses . It closes with the fading heartbeat and forlorn keyboard melody of `` Tomhet , '' a prayer offered up to the darkness within , the very essence of its sound hinting at the crushing silence of the void without . In between , the title track and `` Inn i slottet fra drmmen '' seethe with rage against a world that has turned away from the beauty of its past and burn with hope for a rebirth of ancient wisdom.Always , `` Hvis lyset tar oss '' is locked in struggle . Between silence and sound , despair and hope , defeat and victory . Struggles that do not and can not end , but form the very basis of any life worth living or universe worth living in . This is its genius , and its curse , to pose the questions and wrestle with answers that never quite come .
 Burzum . The one man band created by Varg Vikernes , one of black metal 's gods . Hvis Lyset Tar Oss is probably one of black metal 's most important and true albums . This is the true style , this is up there with Darkthrone 's `` Transilvanian Hunger '' . By the way , Varg also wrote the lyrics for tracks five through eight on that album . Anyway , This album is simplistic and short but that is not something that makes it any less good . This album has Varg 's tortured misanthropic vocals with the buzz saw guitars and blast beat drums . The guitar is very much the highlight of this album , the sound chills you to the core and makes you wince like true black metal should . The four songs are listed below :1 . -RRB- Det Som En Gang Var
 1 . Det Som En Gang Var - What Once Was2 . Hvis Lyset Tar Oss - Before The Light Took Us3 . Im I Slottet Fra Droemmen - Into The Castle Of Dreams4 . Tomhet - -LSB- Into -RSB- EmptinessThis album , like most of his work is completely misunderstood . The album plays out like a war cry , faithfully expressing Varg 's vision of what 's happened to , what he considers , the superior Aryan race and the transformation of ideals and ethics over the years . It expresses his lust for a return to the purity of ancient times . It also expresses his pain in dealing with the apparent fact that this purity will never again exist , among other issues such as the effect of Christian values on the pagan soul . Like all of his work , this is very abstract . The best way to describe it is
 Burzum has definitely made some name for himself back in the day . Some people may be turned off by Varg , b/c though he does have some genuine intentions , it 's the violently extreme means he goes about solving what he sees as problems which cause lots of metal fans to not take that Burzum step . Being my first album from him I was pretty much ready for what it was going to throw at me , and I 'll definitely say I 'm very pleased with it.Varg takes us into his mind through this extreme atmospheric form of black metal , by means of archaic sadness and blackened pleasure w / this 4 song 45 minute journey . The music is n't the verse/chorus structure we 're all used to , nor is it the progressive non-verse/chorus structure we 're all used to . The music flows through by its own accord , uncaring about ending or giving way to expectancy or mercy until it wants to.the album kicks off great w / `` Dot Som En Gang Var , '' which opens w / a static-like dirty guitar in a slow rhythm , along w / a smooth , dramatic and desolate keyboard melody giving way and repeats for about a minute over the guitar . the simple and angry chord progression kicks in and what flows next is a 14 minute track of pleasure and pain . Varg painfully passionate screams do n't follow a real structure but seem to kick in when he feels it is appropriate . The repetiveness of the keyboard melody hypnotizes you slowly into Varg 's dark universe , and if you 're open enough to go in w/o calling Varg on being non-creative -LRB- which he is , creative i mean -RRB- by repeating the same line over and over , you 'll reap great benefits . Later on the song gives way to a different keyboard melody but guitars stay similar . There is a lot of repeating lines somewhat like in the vain of Ministry , but not anywhere near its mainstream sound.The second track starts quick w / a pummeling drum beat and simple 2 chord guitar line . the tempo is faster and more violent than the first . this simple drum/guitar progression repeats for pretty much the entire song -LRB- about 9 or so minutes , i think -RRB- but soon the percussion changes beats and a second guitar is heard , underneath the first , w / rasping melodies like a rusted razor , as well as keyboard hums beneath . The drum beats once again hypnotizes as do Varg 's screams . the music layering on this song reminded me of Nine Inch Nails ' same layering formulas , but much , MUCH more raw and violent . Probably the song I like least on the album . . but still like it , a lot . `` Im I Slottet Fra Droemmen '' follows and is similar to track 2 , but w / a slower pummelling guitar line . Later in the track an amazing and once again razor sharp guitar melody , or shall I say aura , takes lead and drags your ears into their own violent intentions - pictures of dark and medieval grand evil castles and dark Lords come to mind . Those progressions just suck you in like nothing else . Awesome song.The ender `` Tomhet '' is somewhere w/in the 12-15 minute length -LRB- i honestly do n't know , the song is too hypnotizing and beautiful for me to even care -RRB- and is basically all arranged w / keyboards . the opening melody is simple and sounds like 2 keyboards playing together , the first is laying the sad atmospheric foundation while the other is expressing a certain `` happiness '' or `` peace . '' This repeats over for about 5 or 6 minutes . The mood changes as keyboards become somewhat more `` cutsy '' -LRB- dont knoww if that 's the right word -RRB- sounding . this is a song so peaceful it could easily put you to sleep.This album seems to take the listener into some kind of journey through sadness , despair , pain , death and eventual peace . The music is unlike anything you 're ever going to hear . It is simple yet complex , painful yet pleasureable , chaotic yet peaceful , forceful yet saddened . This is n't the type of drive-in-your-car-to album , but more one you need to experience alone w / a clear , OPEN mind . most people will throw this aways as being unbearable noise -LRB- as some of it is a lot of `` noise '' -RRB- but only the most accepting will be rewarded it 's pleasures . if there is one thing that bothered me the most about the record , it had to be its length , I only wish the songs were longer in some cases -LRB- tracks 1 and 3 -RRB- . Track 2 being a great song , could only gain from some much needed diversity , so it 's not perfect , thus the 4.5 star review . Still though , this is a fantastic atmospheric album that any fan of dark music could appreciate .
 For the best in true Black Metal look no further than Burzum ! This record rocks hard and heavy !
 This band has a straight forward approach to music that is sturdy , simple , aggressive and a little annoying , in a good way . The often frenetic lead guitar is right up front to create a classic rustic American sound . This band must like Blind Willie McTell as they cover Dying Crapshooters Blues and mention Mctell in their original track Down at Danny 's . If you are looking for something different with a classic American roots music sound - this is a nice find .
 1 . Building Sandcastles2 . Caribbean Nights3 . Elements4 . On the Inside5 . Listen6 . Up Ahead7 . Another Place8 . Last Dance9 . Believe10 . Song for Mother11 . Silverscreen12 . World Lost
 Saints Will Conquer is an excellent retrospective of Armored Saint that showcases David Prichard -LRB- Guitar -RRB- before his untimely death of Leukemia.Long Before I Die , Nervous Man have an energy not present on the studio recordings .
 Armored Saint are back together and will be releasing new meterial in 2009/2010 which is going to be amazing . To date Armored Saint have never released a single bad album to their credit . This is just another album in the awesome catalog of one of metals greatest bands .
 `` Motor City Moments '' is Regina Carter 's 4th CD and it is amazing to listen to . It opens with an uptempo , improvisational-like , number , `` Do n't Git Sassy '' then settles into a contemplative , salsa tune `` For Somoeone I Love , '' where Carter plucks her violin then make it laugh , weep and glide all in one song . I have n't heard the Milt Jackson version , but it would be interesting to hear the original to see how this interpretation is different . There also some interesting selections like `` The Love Theme from Spartacus . '' Carter 's lamenteous violin is softly accompanied by Marcus Belgrave 's flugelhorn . In some instances , the two instruments merge into one sound . But the ultimate gem in this CD is Carter 's version of Chattanooga Choo Choo . It should be a standard violin piece much like Mozart 's Sonatas . It sounds like it was written for the violin and Carter is in absolute command here , with such fire and fluidity , I 'm definetly impress ! One should buy this CD just for this number alone .
 A good blend of Jazz and other , not to much to overtake the beautiful violin . I love the Chattanooga Choo Choo and Up South . Fukai Aijo is a pretty song ! i like this CD .
 I 'm reviewing all three Albums together as they are by the same artist ; Regina Carter . Again I purchased these Albums on the basis of a 30 sec listen . They all lived up to my expectations . If anyone is familiar with Stephane Grapelli , Regina Carter 's style is very similar . She really swings . I love these albums and play them over and over again .
 Love Regina 's work , love Jazz . I am a violinist and love hearing the violin played in different genre 's love what she does
 If you 're fond of lovely young women who play authentic traditional jazz violin wonderfully , you may well have stumbled on your cup-o-tea with this outing . Folks like James Carter -LRB- bass clarinet and tenor saxaphone -RRB- songs # 1 and 6 , Marcus Belgrave -LRB- trumpet or flugelhorn -RRB- Songs # 1 and 6 and Russell Malone -LRB- guitar -RRB- songs # 9 and 10 join a couple of crack rhythm rosters difficult to fault . Perhaps you are familiar with pianist Barry Harris ? That would be good -LRB- all good -RRB- as his joyful accompaniment can be heard on songs # 7 and 8 . Elsewhere , Ms. Carter 's regular -LRB- and wonderful -RRB- pianist Werner `` Vana '' Gierig can be found and heard to great delight on songs # 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 9 . Other players include Darryl Hall -LRB- bass -RRB- on all songs save 8 and 10 . Alvester Garnett -LRB- drums -RRB- songs # 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 . You 'll be pleased to know that drummer Lewis Nash songs # 2 and 7 is on hand . Last but hardly least , we 're graced with the percussion of Mayra Casales songs # 2 , 3 and 5 . I became aware of Ms. Carter 's gift for song on a somewhat earlier date . This one is better still . Swing and all manner of rhythms . Joyful , delightful , introspective and extroverted . And true . Grand .
 Pure Regina Carter , pure simplicity , pure tone and a wonderful CD for a good sound system to show off with .
 Smooth and positive music . Regina 's violin technique is outstandingly soulful .
 Not only because I am part of the same fellowship as Darien Dennis and Living worship do I just love this CD ... but before I came to know them , I have always loved the worship experience that comes from listening to their music . The band is truly anointed and the singers sing with `` one voice '' I 'm looking forward to sowing into the next project .
 I really enjoyed this album , especially the songs `` I ca n't live without you '' , `` King of Glory '' , `` More of You '' , and `` One God '' . There were a few songs that would be good for choirs or dance ministries . I 'll play this one for a while .
 I really love this CD ! I heard `` El Elyon '' on Pandora and just had to find the artist . The entire CD isnice . Do n't take my word for it ... check it out for your self . I guarantee you wo n't be disappointed.I 'm surprised we 're not hearing more from this young man .
 If may sum it up in 1 word ... WOW ! I can hear `` ONE GOD '' ringing in my head . I do n't think the preview clips were uploaded when I saw this one , but I 'm glad I made the purchase . This brother lead this assembly into `` Living Worship '' & this is definitely one of those recordings that you can listen to and be `` translated '' into the same atmosphere . Also , the music has it 's own unique FLAVA . This is one of my `` take a long drive & listen '' CDs . To say you 'll get your money 's worth is an understatement ! A must have for your praise & worshp collection .
 This is a true awesome 2-CD set . I especially like El Elyon and King of Glory . It 's good to see new gospel artists who have n't lost the message of what gospel music is suppose to be about .
 Nomatter what I am going through , Darien and LW 's music is always able to bring my back into focus . If you are looking for a true worship album , this is the ONE !! There are lots of `` worshippers '' and commercialized gospel singers out there doing the best they can , but you can tell when the focus goes away from the Lord . Darien 's writing stays true to the reason we sing , and that is the Almighty King . You will fall down on your knees . You will dance and shout in praise ! BUY THIS ALBUM - IT WILL BE THE BEST SPIRITUAL INVESTMENT YOU EVER MAKE -LRB- AFTER ACCEPTING CHRIST -RRB- !
 Ranging from the initial `` Space Oddity '' -LRB- a bare bones simple video -RRB- to the wild rocking `` Boys Keep Swinging '' , this collection is soon to be unavailable -LRB- at least on VHS -RRB- . DVD will be it 's quick successor eventually , but if you can grab this collection , it 's worth it . I 'd say that half the videos are bland , boring and self-concious . However , there are a few , `` China Girl '' , `` Let 's Dance '' , `` Fashion '' and `` Boys Keep Swinging '' which are fun to watch and well directed . `` Look Back In Anger '' is a riot with it 's self-important mockery , but that 's the whole point . It 's just fun .
 David Bowie did n't have as many videos in this visual companion to his Ryko double disk The Singles Collection 1969-1993 , brimming with songs . However , nine of them predated MTV as much as nine years . Bowie made performance clips of `` Space Oddity , '' `` John I 'm Only Dancing , '' `` Life On Mars , '' and `` Jean Genie . '' Here are the highlights.The first few videos are mainly performance clips without any trickery or conceptual story . Of those , `` Jean Genie '' could fit in MTV , as it combines a studio performance by the Spiders and a live performance , even a blonde who first appears on cue when he mentions Monroe . But in `` Life On Mars , '' Bowie 's paled makeup , blue makeup around eyes , and blue suit is an interesting study in colour contrast.The three videos promoting the singles from Lodger -LRB- 1979 -RRB- was a preview to MTV , all shot on video camera as opposed to film . `` Boys Keep Swinging '' is amusing and camp as Bowie sings and dances around the mike , while three women -LRB- Bowie in drag -RRB- sing the chorus and the `` boys '' refrain . And what could be more kitschy then two of the women sashaying on a fashion show platform , removing the wig , and smearing their lipstick in outrageous fashion ? Only the Garbo lookalike Bowie , cane in hand , maintains a sense of decorum and dignity . `` Look Back In Anger '' combines the story of the angel of death coming to take someone away and the Portrait of Dorian Gray , as the right side of Bowie 's face becomes painted like the painting of the angel . And `` DJ '' is silly nonsense of Bowie in a pink suit playing a DJ tossing records over his shoulder and wrecking the playing booth.Then the next triptych of videos , from Let 's Dance , which did much to promote him and album sales in the era of MTV . Bowie 's usual performances is intercut with some Australian aborigines , particularly a young couple , in the title track . The most controversial one is `` China Girl , '' which culminates in Bowie and his Chinese girlfriend emulating Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr in From Here To Eternity , only without clothes and with pronounced ecstasy . `` Modern Love '' taken from the Serious Moonlight Tour demonstrates Bowie 's comeback , and he still dresses well , the beige suit complementing his bright yellow hair.The videos for Tonight are visually entertaining . `` Blue Jean '' has Bowie in two roles , rock star Screaming Lord Byron in beige makeup and dressed in Indian style blue turban and baggy shirt , while he also plays a nerd trying to impress a bored and unimpressed girl that he knows Byron . `` Loving The Alien '' uses the motif from the album cover of a blue-painted Bowie against stained glass , praying fervently through clenched teeth , while a chador-clad Arab woman appears throughout.Three videos are taken from movies Bowie appeared in and incorporate movie footage/motifs . `` Absolute Beginners '' has him chasing the mysterious Zebra Woman while scenes from the movies are shown . My favourite as that 's what I first saw regularly . The others are `` Underground '' and `` As The World Falls Down '' from Labryinth , the latter featuring quick speed drawn animation like a-ha 's `` Take On Me '' but white on black . And what to make of the lonely love-stricken young girl printing off pictures of Bowie on her personal copier in `` Falls Down '' , intercut with movie scenes and performance footage?The videos from Never Let Me Down are a mixed bag , with `` Day-In Day-Out '' being a grim story of a single mother who 's led a rough life , her lover stealing from stores , and she getting into quite a rough adventure when she goes streetwalking . `` Time Will Crawl '' has Bowie being manhandled and thrown like a ragdoll by a set of dancers while Peter Frampton plays guitar . He was probably glad to watch them do their nonsense from the refuge of nearby scaffolding . Marathon dancing from the 30 's is the inspiration for the title track , which despite the disclaimer `` never before released '' , I saw a couple times on MTV back then.The screen is split into a center square and many tiny squares all around in `` Fame 90 '' has Bowie cavorting with some blonde in the center while clips from his old videos and other footage is shown in the tiny squares , bringing this collection full circle .
 This video is really awesome ! I am sooo happy that my sister has it ! It is really good and has 2 unreleased songs such as
 Bowie is an artist who has worked in many media . Painting -LRB- Lorenzo Salazar -RRB- , music , motion pictures , the stage , all done with pizzazz . The music video was one of his strongest suites . Just look at Ashes to Ashes , Loving the Alien , Life on Mars , Jean Genie , Dancing in the Streets . These are a beyond superlatives . They are awesome . And they were totally new at the time . So he made the template for 80 's rock videos . Got to give him that due .
 If you are a David Bowie fan , this is a must have video . I watch mine often and it never fails to impress .
 Hello . I have gone as far to write the David Bowie information center in London England to get this video . I really would like to add it to my collection . If you have one you are willing to sell I would be willing to negociate a price . Email me At = BowiTVC15@aol.com thank you
 Please contact me if you have this video . My dear nephew has asked it for a grad . prsent . Contact me at anais-n@excite.com for arrangements .
 IT 'S GREAT TO WATCH ALL THOSE CLASSIC VIDEOS BY THE GODFATHER OF NEW ROMANTIC.FROM `` HEROES '' TO `` BLUE JEAN '' WILL TAKE YOU BACK TO THE PRE & POST-MTV ERA .
 IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO ACKNOWLEDGE THIS VIDEO COMPILATION AS PERFECT DUE TO A NUMBER OF INCREDIBLE OMMISIONS . ALONG WITH IGNORING THE TELEVISION PERFORMANCES FOR ` STARMAN ' AND ` REBEL REBEL ' , THERE ARE NO VIDEOS BETWEEN THE YEARS 1973 AND 1977 , A TIME IN WHICH BOWIE HAD MANY FANTASTIC SINGLES INCLUDING ` FAME ' , TVC15 ' , ` GOLDEN YEARS ' AND ` SOUND AND VISION ' . HOWEVER , IT REMAINS A MUST FOR BOWIE FANS . HIGHLIGHTS
 This collection of videos -- or mini-movies , if you like -- is proof positive that Bowie really was one to START trends , notfollow them . -LRB- ` Fashion ' is the best example that comes to mind ... both song and video . -RRB- The presentation is odd , though ; songs arenot necessarily in chronological order OR the versions seen onmusic-television channels . -LRB- ` China Girl ' is not the `` Director ` sCut , and ` Blue Jean ' is snipped down to song-performance only . -RRB- But maybe it 's best not to nitpick , as a two-hour study of Bowieas artist , this is a valuable item .
 Oh yeah , this one 's an overlooked gem alright . As with most various-artist compilations , there are low points . -LRB- Medieval 's `` Medieval '' comes to mind . -RRB- However , if you 'll look at the liner notes , you 'll see that , aside from Lizzy Borden , the disc 's strongest cuts come from Midwestern -LRB- Ilinois to be exact -RRB- bands . CASE IN POINT
 This is one of the better Stylistics records that came after there fantastic work with Thom Bell , the Van McCoy production is strong . . this was an overlooked record when this came out back in the 70 's , now reissued on cd here 's a chance to rediscover this hidden gem , cd also features two newly recorded songs that are wonderful also -LRB- ` Because Of You ' & ` Lovin ` Proof ' -LRB- also recorded by Dusty Springfield -RRB- .
 Music from the 60 's and 70 's were amplified by the associated dances of the music and of course by the individual groups that performed their various hits.I bought this particular album , Fabulous , just for one song in particular ... `` Because I Love You Girl '' . Danced alot to this one , and made alot of Female friends because of it . Soul is one of my favorite !
 GOT TA REVIEW THIS ONE AT A LATER DATE ... CA N'T GET PASS `` BABY DO N'T CHANGE YOUR MIND '' , GREAT SONG , BEEN PLAYING IT ALL DAY .
 Listening to this album is like is like taking drugs
 I picked this CD up used and on-the-cheap -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- , and I was expecting it to be a solid effort , but I certainly was n't expecting it to blow me away . But blow me away it did.I 've been a Slayer fan since `` Reign in Blood '' and though I respect Dave Lombardo , I suspected his reputation stemmed from an album that was recorded 13 years ago . Well , I was dead wrong . This is one of the few heavy metal albums on which I think the drummer makes a huge difference and actually elevates the group beyond what it would be without him . It 's amazing.What 's most impressive about this album is that it 's quite diverse . All the songs sound different , and you can tell a lot of thought and care went into composing and recording them . I truly enjoy this CD , and I definitely plan on picking up Grip Inc. 's other two CDs shortly .
 Dave Lombardo is the best drummer in the world . BAR NONE !! His band Grip Inc. delivers a powerful line up of what you would expect from the former Slayer timekeeper
 After drummer Dave Lombardo got fired from Slayer in 1992 , he would end up hooking up in 1993 with guitarist Waldemar Sorychta who was wanting to put together a band with vocalist Gus Chambers . Waldemar felt that Dave got a raw deal with what happened with his dismissal from Slayer and decided to design their new band as a vehicle of sorts for Dave 's considerable and legendary drum talent.And so , Grip Inc. 's 1995 debut `` Power of Inner Strength '' was born.To put it bluntly , this album completely beats Slayer at their own game in some ways in comparison to what Slayer was doing from 1994 to 2001 . There is more variety here and Dave is given much more of an oppurtunity to stretch out with his drumming . The 1st track actually is a multitracked percussion showcase for Dave Lombardo that really sets the tone for what 's to come.Also in compaison to Slayer , the songwriting is much stronger and more nuanced . This also has a lot to do with the guitar and vocal work which is most excellent . Gus Chambers has quite a venomous vocal style that in some ways can bee seen as kind of similar to Testament 's Chuck Billy , but with much better range & dynamics.The band is n't afraid to slow down and sometimes breaks out acoustic stuff as well when they need to.While there are a couple of songs that have kind of a thrash element , this is much more mid paced type metal of a most excellent variety.Grip Inc. would put out 3 more albums to date that have seen them somehow get even better.Any fan of Dave Lombardo or just great , well written and smart metal would do wise to pick this up .
 If you like Slayer then this is a must album . The drums with Dave Lombardo are once again simply perfect . The songs are very rhytmic and aggressive . The sound of the guitars and the vocals are really great . Just buy this album .
 At the time , I had bought this CD , like most of us , because it was Dave Lombardo 's project . Then I found out that Tiamat ex-guitaris and producer Sorychta had a central role in it too ... oh boy , I was n't asking for so much!Ten years later , I still consider this one of the most creative and original metal albums of the 90 's . We 're speaking about mature artists here , not a teenage band . There 's some natural flow through the whole album that will make you tend to listen from beginning to end rather than this or that song.Lots has been said about Dave 's drumming . I 'd like to add the beautiful simplicity of the guitar lines . Yet there 's this raw power that became more progressive , more intricate , diverse , complicated in Grip Inc 's next albums . This one is the ` simple but beautiful ' album . Definitely underrated when released , and still underrated today . Grip Inc. nor another band will make an album like this again , so here 's your chance to get it .
 as a guitarist I am humbled at how awesome the guitarwork on this CD is . It 's probably some of the best and most inventive riffing I 've ever heard . The drumming is awesome also . But the only problem is that the singing is n't all that great . If they could have better executed and more well thought out lyrics and singing , then this band would be GREAT instead of mediocre . But since the guitar and actual music is so kick *** , I 'm giving it five stars .
 dave lombardo knows what he is doing . he knew what he was doing when he came up with this new band grip inc. they formed in the tradition of classic metal blade bands
 Writing a review for one of THE most influencial albums I 've ever obsessed over is nearly impossible for me . . This is one of the most creative , technically impressive , original , atmospheric , paranoia-inducing , and hallucinogenic albums that came out of black metal 's second wave ... and it 's one of the darkest albums ever released.Ved Buens Ende truly defied convention in terms of what 's acceptable for metal , and especially for black metal . For those who have n't heard this , expect macabre , unsettling jazzy/progressive metal with an overall black metal vibe.The compositions here are fractured and strange ... with an atmosphere not too unlike that of an organ-grinding turn-of-the-century creepshow . The guitars are splayed , dissonant and deceptive , while the bass is monumentally macabre and perfectly woven into what the guitar is doing ... often becoming half of the melody itself . The drumming is precise and intricate . The vocals switch from oddly unnerving deep bravado to throat-killing screeching.I apologize for the influx of adjectives , but this is the only way I can begin to describe this release . I dare say this is one of the most if not THE most interesting metal release of the 90s . If this album does n't grab you at first , give it some more time . I guarantee that it will germinate inside your head , rotting away corrosive , esoteric , haunting ...
 This album was way ahead of its time . It seems like some black metal bands , like Deathspell Omega and Negative Plane , are finally catching up to it , but it took about 10 years . Listening to it today , it still has a unique sound that is completely unlike anything else out there . Weird chords and drum patterns , a strange jazzy feel , bizarre melodies , all submerged in a very sinister black metal atmosphere -- there really are no points of reference for this , like it was conjured out of thin air . The vocals are completely original , and are probably an acquired taste -LRB- which maybe I have n't quite acquired , since I still find them mildly annoying at times -RRB- . They mostly consist of a sort of odd crooning or moaning , with occasional black metal screeches thrown in there for good measure . Very avant-garde . This pushed the boundaries of black metal into uncharted territory -- I only hope a few more bands will follow their lead . Probably not for the conventional black metal fan -- many people probably would hesitate to call it black metal -- but I think it is for anybody who is open-minded and likes forward-thinking metal with some weirdness to it .
 What can someone say about this masterpiece?Ved Buens Ende ... -LRB- R.I.P. -RRB- have released along with Fleurety , Arcturus & Ulver a cult album , pretty difficult to understand ... Combining elements of norwegian black metal , avant-garde -LRB- check out the accordeon ... :-RRB- -RRB- dark mesmerising metal -LRB- Czral -LRB- Carl-Michael Eide -RRB- almost cries singing his parts -RRB- , jazzy drum rythms , melancholic-technical bass lines , high pitched vox , `` Written In Waters '' is a cult masterpiece for all the lovers of x-treme and strange guitar oriented music ... Buy or Die -LRB- if you find it ... :-RRB- :-RRB- -RRB-
 Ved Buens Ende were built on the black metal hotbed of Norway , the same place that spawned the likes of contemporaries such as Arcturus and Dodheimsgard -LRB- Ved Buens Ende also consists of members of both bands as well -RRB- . However , while these bands have executed the style of avant-garde black metal , it was Ved Buens Ende that basically crafted the style with their only album , `` Written in Waters '' , released in 1995 . And incredible it is . The band takes the trademark atmospheric black metal sound and decides to experiment around with it , adding elements of jazz , folk and progressive rock to make it all their own . The way the band also structured these songs is amazing as well , and the drumming , bass lines , and atmospheric guitar take great part in creating this extraordinary masterpiece.A highly essential album for the avant-garde listener .
 i bought this cd about 2 years ago and i found it kind of weird in a good way the first time i heard it , but then listening to it more and more i began to like it even more , i had never heard anything like that before and still have n't heard anything like that . The over all feeling i get when i hear it is a `` frightening '' , haunting , and even depressing feeling.The bass work is killer and really a standout it is what gives this album it 's atmosphere . Highly recommended to those who like black metal .
 Featuring members of Ulver and Dodheimsgard , but having very little in common with either of those bands . This is hands down , the most creative album to ever come from this country and it 's explosion of black metal . Sharing more similarities with Swans and Dead Can Dance than Darkthrone or Immortal , this album will show you the mesemerizing comfort that can be found in the deepest depths of sorrow . From start to finish this album just explodes with creativity and passion , sounding unlike anything you have ever heard before . Wrest from Leviathan has cited this album as one of his main inspirations , and when you listen to it you can totally hear it . Any fan of creative metal would be a fool not to buy this .
 The album that got me hooked on the WP about 15 years ago.Great jangly power pop with caustic lyrics primarily about being betrayed in love.Not as much fuzz and distortion as soon of the later albums like Seamonsters and Bizzaro -LRB- which are equally brilliant , but in slightly different ways -RRB- . Some really classic songs that I never get tired of after years of listening.I have the album on vinyl but after years of playing -LRB- and not enough TLC -RRB- , it 's too scratched . I think I 'll buy the CD simply to have this album last a lifetime and to get the extra tracks.If you even remotely like the WP , thisis a great album to own and love for years .
 A true classic of an album containing `` My Favourite Dress '' one of the most painful outbursts of heart-broken angst.No record collection should be without this - the finest album to come out of mid-80s Britain .
 What can be said , this album has it all , catchy tunes , a touch of every style of music that matters and the sound of David Gedge laughing when he fluffs his big whistling line in the opener . One of my favorite albums of all time !
 This was one of the best of the `` alternative '' albums in the 1980s . Listening to this again makes me smile . You have that fantastic hyper-guitar sound , breathless vocals , grinding beat , sheer energy . Man , oh man , this was just a classic of the era . Still sounds great , and this CD version even has some delicious bonus cuts . If you liked anything you heard by the Wedding Present , do n't hesitate to get this jewel . It contains some of their very best material .
 The Wedding Present were far less sophisticated both musically and lyrically than the Smiths but nevertheless they could make grown men cry into their beer and never more so than on this superb debut album . From the bitter , insecure yet defiantly feelgood Everybody Thinks He Looks Daft songwriter David Gedge turns an unerring eye on that most sticky and painful of subjects - true love gone bad . Gedge 's lyrics are suffused with authentic Northern small town melancholy - all chips going cold at the bus stop in the rain - but their true focus was always the agonizing minutiae of those addictive but destructive relationship games we 've all , at some point , denigrated ourselves to play . The songs were crude , fast and blustery guitar-heavy affairs but never so crude as to disguise the pretty , affecting melodies invariably tugging at their hearts . This winning thrash/pop constrast modestly prefaced grunge which was still four years away but more importantly it gave us such devastating classics as My Favourite Dress and A Million Miles - the latter being the best song ever written about the unrivalled thrill of meeting a pretty girl at a party when you 're sixteen .
 Forget what you 've heard and listen !! this band is right up there with the Pixes , Husker du and Sonic youth for greatest indie bands of the 80 's just try and listen to your indie rock records after giving the Weddoes a spin and you 'll see how far their influence reached .
 This album , though includes Wedding Presents favorites as `` My Favorite Dress '' and `` Nobody 's Twisting you arm '' as well as bit so popular gems such as `` All about Eve '' and `` Anyone can mistake mistake '' more so showcases how important they were to development of band such as blur in later years .
 This 3 CD album is a wonerful collection of the `` best '' of Motown , in which the Holland/Dozier/Holland tagline under the title of the record meant high quality R&B ; , and almost always resulted in a mega-hit . The collection begins with the very earliest hit -- Eddie Holland singing `` Jamie '' , and proceeds through most of the major early hits of The Miracles , The Supremes , Martha and the Vandellas , Mary Wells , The Marvalettes , The 4 Tops , the Isley Brothers , and more.This CD replaces my old collection of 45 RPM recordings , and has allowed me to enjoy the Motown Sound without haaving a huge number of CD 's to collect . The one downside about this wonderful collection is that the 3rd CD contains mostly less well-known tunes , with the exceeption of two Diana Ross/Supremes cuts
 These guys are outstanding . I did n't know that these guys wrote so many great songs from the Motown era . I am finding out more and more about Motown all the time like the infamous '' Funk Brothers '' and their contributions .
 The careers of Brian Holland , Lamont Dozier , and Eddie Holland , Jr. are the stuff of legend , resulting in well over 100 hits ranging over the four-decade span from 1962 to well into the 1990s . HDH helped shaped and molded the sound that put Detroit 's Motown label on the map , and a multi-label salute to their work is long overdue . `` Heaven Must Have Sent You
 Fisrt of all -- the packaging is excellent and it includes a booklet that tells of the history of HDH . Eddie Holland was also a singer in his own right and I wish I could find his record LAST NIGHT I HAD A VISION , and I love Brian 's rendition of DO N'T LEAVE ME STARVING plus Lamont 's WHY CA N'T WE BE LOVERS . This was worth the wait and I recommend it highly especially if you liked I GOT TA DANCE TO KEEP FROM CRYING and QUICKSAND etc. .
 If you 're not familiar with the names Holland/Dozier/Holland as in Eddie Holland , Lamont Dozier and Brian Holland , it 's certain you 're familiar with the hit songs they wrote . As the liner notes put it best , `` This is the story of American popular song . '' This songwriting team is as famous as George and Ira Gershwin , Lerner and Lowe , and can be considered in the ranks of Brits Lennon and McCartney . Perhaps I should just cut to the chase and name some of the songs they 've written and the artists that have performed them . The Supremes ' `` Where Did Our Love Go '' and every other one of their dozen # 1 hits , including `` You Ca n't Hurry Love , '' `` Baby Love , '' `` Stop ! In The Name Of Love , '' and `` You Keep Me Hanging On . '' Other groups that struck gold with their magic , and that are included on this set , are The Four Tops , Martha & The Vandellas , Smokey Robinson & The Miracles , Marvin Gaye , Mary Wells and Michael Jackson . And those are just the Motown artists ! Remember favorites such as Freda Payne 's `` Band Of Gold , '' The Chairmen of the Board 's `` Give Me Just A Little More Time '' and hits by Dusty Springfield , The Doobie Brothers and Simply Red ? Those artists and recordings are also represented on this amazing collection . This is one of the finest box sets from one of the most prolific songwriting teams in American history . All in all , there are three CD 's and 65 songs accompanied by a gorgeous 27 page booklet that will be cherished by any collector of this music and anyone who appreciates some of the best pop songs ever written and recorded . If you have special memories of these songs and still groove to the beat of these treasured recordings , this collection is a must . Whenever I listen to this set , `` I Hear A Symphony . ''
 Motown 's composing team Holland/Dozier/Holland , AKA H/D/H , is being saluted in two boxed sets . For the avid H/D/H fan , there 's the three CD set `` The Holland/Dozier/Holland Story , '' the first set to include their work as early Motown recording artists , as Motown staff writers/producers and their work as record moguls at Invictus Records . For that , this is a must buy for the collector.This compilaton does not include all their Motown hits and are in mono , except `` Reflections , '' and the Invictus hits . For the audiophile , twenty two of the same songs , and seven excluded from the HDH story , can be found on the Motown Box set , in stereo . Buy both !
 The finest pop songwriters get a piece of their due with this three disc set . There were no finer writers than HDH during the second half of the twentieth century and this set is testimony to that . Sadly , most of these songs are available elsewhere and avid Motown fans will find this redundant . Great mono versions of a good chunk of their biggest hits but a second volume is called for with more of the post Motown output and a deeper look into the vaults for demos of some of the literally hundreds of top shelf songs these guys wrote . How did they do it ? Do n't have a clue but I sure do love these songs ...
 This overview of the trio 's songs is excellent , although if you own the Motown Hits anthologies , you already own 75 % of the songs . Has rare mono mixes of Freda Payne 's &#34; Band Of Gold &#34; and the Chairmen Of The Board 's &#34; Give Me Just A Little More Time . &#34; Informative liners notes .
 Long-time fan of Motown , this collection encapsulates the best of the best and besides , Holland is my last name , so I may be partial ; you 're halfway through and you realize , they wrote that one too ? WOW . A great batch of singers and the songs which made them famous .
 Motown 's Famous trio Songwriters ! Wrote Major Hits , for the Supremes , Four Top 's , Temptations , Marvin Gaye , Stevie Wonder and More!This is there best Collection EVER ! I ca n't hardly wait for there 2009 Broadway Play Music of up coming `` FIRST WIVES CLUB '' !
 London-born violinist and conductor John Georgiadis is in charge here , exhuming and enlivening long-forgotten dance music from the pen of Josef Strauss . After he was bulldozed into joining the family dance-music business , engineer-trained Josef -LRB- 1827-1870 -RRB- proved to be the most industrious of all the Strauss family during the remainder of his short life . I reckon , having collected and listened to all the volumes so far issued in this Marco Polo Josef Strauss Edition , that inspiration and innovation did not always keep up with his gruelling work schedule . Reliance on the family formula seems evident in most of the items on this CD , where you 'll find a spanking little march , three waltzes , a quadrille and a variety of polkas , heard best at concert hall volume so that subtle lifts in rhythm and phrase and the skilful orchestration are heard to best advantage .
 These CD is very good , and the Josef Strauss ' fans , like me , must not listen it ! The waltz Nilfluthen can be taken besides to The Blue Danube . The other masterpieces , in this CD , are very delightful too . You ca n't loose them !
 It would be very interesting to compare Sullivan 's music for The Merry Wives with that of Verdi , Niccolai , and Vaughan Williams . Sullivan does not come out last by any means . His King Arthur selections are wonderful , showing the Celtic strain in his musical DNA ; and his Macbeth is as good as Verdi 's -- but there does not seem much one can do with translating that brooding play into music . A very good choice even or especially for those who prefer not to hear Gilbert 's lyrics for the millionth time .
 This disc is one of five Andrew Penn recorded for Naxos/Marco Polo , though not perhaps the most satisfactory . I would give that title toVictoria and Merrie England , Penny 's excellent 77-minute traversal of Sullivan 's 1897 one act ballet . This disc contains music for two Shakespeare plays , Macbeth and The Merry Wives of Windsor , plus for King Arthur , a blank-verse drama by Joseph Comyns Carr.Macbeth contains , in my opinion , the best music in this program . The Overture , recorded a number of times over the years , demonstrates Sullivan 's talent for dramatic settings . If it is just a tad too merry it is , nevertheless , very excellent . The choruses are inventive and pleasantly executed by the RTE Chamber Choir.King Arthur was , on the whole , a missed opportunity . Arthur Sullivan had the knack of creating instantly memorable tunes . The Chorus of the Lake Spirits , however , borders on being annoying -- too memorable . The May Song does n't strike my fancy either.The Merry Wives of Windsor is better . The fairy music , if not quite Purcell , is nevertheless very good indeed . The last dance is a merry way to finish the disc.The performances are very good if not the best imaginable . I find Margaret MacDonald 's mezzo a bit plummy -LRB- rather like Frances McChafferty -RRB- , but still fine . Penny coaxes some nice music-making from everyone . His account of the Macbeth Overture , while not the best , stands up well next to the recordings by Nash -LRB- on Decca -RRB- and Mackerras -LRB- on BBC -RRB- . On the whole , this disc , while pleasant , is probably going to be satisfactory only to the extreme Sullivan fanatic -LRB- which I am - almost -RRB- . The timing is also a bit on the short side -LRB- 50 ' 41 '' -RRB- , making this a nonessential purchase for the general collector .
 Hallows Eve were a standard thrash band . If you enjoy good grooves and moshing beats this is an ideal album . The production is not great but the spirit behind the music helps make up for this . What Hallows Eve lacked in originality they made up for in intensity . Not as strong as Death and Insanity -LRB- previous album which featured a song on the Rivers Edge Soundtrack -RRB- this album still has excellent riffs and rhythym . `` Rot Gut '' and `` Monument '' are examples of the mid tempo grooves that permeate this album . Not as slow as Celtic Frost or as fast as Slayer , Monument is a good example of a grinding , mid-tempo thrash album . The lyrics are not particularly inspiring but they do cover other issues besides the standard death and demons lyrics of most thrash albums . A cover of Queen 's `` Sheer Heart Attack '' is included on this album and a playful parody of Elvis - type music at the end of the album reveals a sense of humor often missing from thrash bands . Check these guys from Georgia out if you have n't already . This is classic thrash .
 Welcome back to the classic heavy metal songs , with a great doze of speed . Although i liked better death & insanity ; this album holds the mind thrilling success of `` speed freak '' , great guitars and as a plus `` Monument '' and `` Rot gut '' and `` no sanctuary '' will lead you to a headbanging experience in the confort of your car -LRB- you must drive in order to enjoy speed freak -RRB- GREAT memory to bring back , or a big step into classic heavy metal for younger audiences .
 Very gald these guys are back , this is the third album by Hallows Eve and it 's brutal , hard edged , pure thrash the way it was ment to be . When I think of the pure 80 's thrash metal sound I always think of Hallow 's Eve and their first three glorious albums . Solid release , Worth every cent ! \ m / \ m /
 This is an awesome CD from a well-underrated thrash band from the 80 's . If you liked the early Metallica/Megadeth/Overkill / Testament/Death Angel CD 's , , then this is a MUST for any old thrash fan . I wish they put out more CD 's and would love to know what happened to them . Also check out Death and Insanity and Tales of Terror . True/Classic Thrash at its best !!!!
 I will keep this brief , Please foward to Tommy Stewart , If i spelled something wrong-Who Cares.I give the review 10 starsthe reason because , I have been there and im still a lost soul.But the bottom line is some of the greatest Writeing every tillthis day . Steven Rude Dawg Hofer .
 The title track is a testament to most great heavy metal bands that never achieve the commercial success they deserve
 The title track is a testament to most great heavy metal bands that never achieve the commercial success they deserve
 Like the famousMetal Massacre , Vol . 1 , which is noteworthy for introducing the world to Metallica , Metal Massacre III 's major claim to fame is that it unleashed thrash legends Slayer.The early Metal Massacre compilations are the best reflection of the American metal scene at the time , as such this 1983 release is full of power , traditional , and proto-thrash metal bands that are all clearly influenced by the NWOBHM scene . In addition to some of the `` name '' bands like Slayer , Virgin Steele , and Bitch , Metal Massacre III featured bands like Snowhite -LRB- later Znowhite -RRB- and Warlord that developed a cult following , as well Medusa , Test Pattern , Sexist , Marauder , and La Mort , who appear only on this album and were never heard from again.A lot of these bands and songs are raw and unpolished , but that was part of the charm of the early 80 's metal scene . These Metal Massacre albums are a great way to revisit that era , and are a must-have for all old-school metalheads .
 Bob Martin was a total unknown to me . However , when looking at the CdBaby website this CD came up on a search when I looked up various more established artists who 's music I liked . So I sampled the tracks and knew it was something for me right away.I do n't recall specifically which artists I was looking up when this gem popped up-I believe it was some of the artists who record for the ECM label , though I would n't compare Mr Martin to anyone specifically that records for that label , apart from perhaps some very early Pat Metheny -LRB- around the `` Watercolors '' and `` New Chataqua '' era -RRB- . If you like those 2 recordings , then I highly recommend this.Martin uses primarily acoustic guitars along with occasionally very clean sounding electric guitar -LRB- a very warm and beautifully jazzy sound -RRB- . Theres also at times an abundance of hand percussion-and since no other players are credited it appears that the percussion is possibly from a software computer program , though very acoustic and human sounding for sure . I 'm not sure where the bass sound is from-either Martin playing an electric bass himself , using samples , or maybe even a bass setting on a guitar synthesizer.The notes do n't make this real clear.As i 'm writing this , for some reason Amazon has this CD labeled incorrectly as a `` Single '' - which it is not . It has 6 tracks and runs at just over 60 minutes.At times you have long pieces of jungle percussion and acoustic guitars which sound like an epic journey through a rainforest . Other selections are beautifully quiet-like something that you might hear on a really good Windham Hill recording from the early 1980 's - but actually better -LRB- at least to me -RRB- and more evocative than the artists that label featured back when it was new and only featured `` New Age '' music . Once in awhile , a jazzy piece comes using scales and chords closer to some more mainstream jazz artists . This is ALL done quite amazingly . Martin never makes a misstep here-and this album covers a lot of ground without losing a unified vision . There some beautifully quiet , ethereal pieces , and i 'm very glad to see that Martin is not afraid to lay down very long pieces that allow the listener to lose oneself in the music without it ending prematurely.The date on this appears to be from 2002 . Well it took me nearly a decade to discover it , but it really is timeless . There 's nothing dated on this that would ever prevent me from enjoying it just as much 30 years from now.If only Mr Martin would do some more recordings ...
 I picked this CD up used and on-the-cheap -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- , and I was expecting it to be a solid effort , but I certainly was n't expecting it to blow me away . But blow me away it did.I 've been a Slayer fan since `` Reign in Blood '' and though I respect Dave Lombardo , I suspected his reputation stemmed from an album that was recorded 13 years ago . Well , I was dead wrong . This is one of the few heavy metal albums on which I think the drummer makes a huge difference and actually elevates the group beyond what it would be without him . It 's amazing.What 's most impressive about this album is that it 's quite diverse . All the songs sound different , and you can tell a lot of thought and care went into composing and recording them . I truly enjoy this CD , and I definitely plan on picking up Grip Inc. 's other two CDs shortly .
 Dave Lombardo is the best drummer in the world . BAR NONE !! His band Grip Inc. delivers a powerful line up of what you would expect from the former Slayer timekeeper
 After drummer Dave Lombardo got fired from Slayer in 1992 , he would end up hooking up in 1993 with guitarist Waldemar Sorychta who was wanting to put together a band with vocalist Gus Chambers . Waldemar felt that Dave got a raw deal with what happened with his dismissal from Slayer and decided to design their new band as a vehicle of sorts for Dave 's considerable and legendary drum talent.And so , Grip Inc. 's 1995 debut `` Power of Inner Strength '' was born.To put it bluntly , this album completely beats Slayer at their own game in some ways in comparison to what Slayer was doing from 1994 to 2001 . There is more variety here and Dave is given much more of an oppurtunity to stretch out with his drumming . The 1st track actually is a multitracked percussion showcase for Dave Lombardo that really sets the tone for what 's to come.Also in compaison to Slayer , the songwriting is much stronger and more nuanced . This also has a lot to do with the guitar and vocal work which is most excellent . Gus Chambers has quite a venomous vocal style that in some ways can bee seen as kind of similar to Testament 's Chuck Billy , but with much better range & dynamics.The band is n't afraid to slow down and sometimes breaks out acoustic stuff as well when they need to.While there are a couple of songs that have kind of a thrash element , this is much more mid paced type metal of a most excellent variety.Grip Inc. would put out 3 more albums to date that have seen them somehow get even better.Any fan of Dave Lombardo or just great , well written and smart metal would do wise to pick this up .
 If you like Slayer then this is a must album . The drums with Dave Lombardo are once again simply perfect . The songs are very rhytmic and aggressive . The sound of the guitars and the vocals are really great . Just buy this album .
 At the time , I had bought this CD , like most of us , because it was Dave Lombardo 's project . Then I found out that Tiamat ex-guitaris and producer Sorychta had a central role in it too ... oh boy , I was n't asking for so much!Ten years later , I still consider this one of the most creative and original metal albums of the 90 's . We 're speaking about mature artists here , not a teenage band . There 's some natural flow through the whole album that will make you tend to listen from beginning to end rather than this or that song.Lots has been said about Dave 's drumming . I 'd like to add the beautiful simplicity of the guitar lines . Yet there 's this raw power that became more progressive , more intricate , diverse , complicated in Grip Inc 's next albums . This one is the ` simple but beautiful ' album . Definitely underrated when released , and still underrated today . Grip Inc. nor another band will make an album like this again , so here 's your chance to get it .
 as a guitarist I am humbled at how awesome the guitarwork on this CD is . It 's probably some of the best and most inventive riffing I 've ever heard . The drumming is awesome also . But the only problem is that the singing is n't all that great . If they could have better executed and more well thought out lyrics and singing , then this band would be GREAT instead of mediocre . But since the guitar and actual music is so kick *** , I 'm giving it five stars .
 dave lombardo knows what he is doing . he knew what he was doing when he came up with this new band grip inc. they formed in the tradition of classic metal blade bands
 Sandwiched between Raff 's monumental 1st , 3rd , and 5th symphonies , we find 2 works which are much shorter in length , scope and vision.Symphonies 2 and 4 are , however , no less enjoyable than their towering neighbors.Of Raff 's 11 outings in the symphonic genre , numbers 2 and 4 are unique in the fact that they are the only 2 without an accompanying title . They are also similar in the fact that the influence of Beethoven can be keenly felt throughout . It 's almost as if they are in a sense Raff 's homage to the great master.And what an homage they are!Don ' t get me wrong , the writing is unmistakably Raffian through and through , but Raff makes no bones about the fact that Beethoven was a major influence . In fact , the opening of the final movement of symphony 4 has a DIRECT QUOTATION from the choral movement of Beethovens 9th . It is not meant to be hidden , and is guaranteed to bring a smile to your face.Now , as for this recording of Symphony 2 , there is much to love.Chalk full of dynamite melodic and thematic material , every movement is an absolute winner . No favorites here , and that is a rare statement for me.The 2 overtures on this disk are very good , but to be honest , I 'd rather stick with the main course.A stunning , brilliant performance , excellent recording quality and equally good liner notes earn this CD my highest recommendation.Enjoy.PS-Don ' t lend it to a friend . You may never get it back .
 Certainly this 2nd symphony should have shown the world Raff was a rising star . The opinion of his contemporaries that Raff was one of the greats is borne out here . The 2nd movement is so lyrical , it is worth the price of the disk by itself . The orchestra , though perhaps not well known , gave an outstanding performance . It is a pity that my CD from Amazon contained no program notes unlike what another reviewer reported . However , I 'm very pleased with this very fine disk and strongly recommend it to anyone who enjoys hearing Romantic era works that ought to be better known !
 This is one of those albums that , despite the album 's title , make you wonder if there is a God after all . . Created over a 5 year periode , this CD is the love-child of perfectionist Roberto Mammarella -LRB- Who also runs the label Avantgarde Music -RRB- , and it seems as if he intended to create the perfect gothic album . . . And I think he suceeded to ! The blending of dark-wave and indo-european/eastern folk influences with the more traditional gothic sound works optimal , and the guest-vocals of Ataraxia 's Franciesca Nicoli on a couple of tracks is just icing on the cake . The track `` On perspective of spiritual catharsis '' is one of my favorite tracks of ANY music !! This is a MUST have ! -LRB- ... and the David Serni cover-artwork fits the music perfectly ... Awesome ... -RRB-
 I know that this wonderful band delayed five years to launch this album , however was compensatory . The quality of this material is surpreedente . The style of the band is gothic/atmospheric . In some passes of the CD , we perceive the influence of the Dead Can Dance . For who it does not know , the songestress of the band , Francesca Nicoli , is the same songstress of the band '' Ataraxia '' . The vocal masculine is for account of the Andrea Zanetti , where the gothic style predominates . All the CD is excellent , the instrumental part is sufficiently melancholic , but gorgeous . The bands prettiest of the CD are , instrumental : `` Battesimo
 lifeless nad scar
 Charest is quoted as saying his primary inspiration for this soundtrack was the music of Django Reinhardt . The great gypsy 's wry sense of playfulness permeates the entire movie and is never absent in the soundtrack , even in the more sombre pieces . The title track alone makes this effort worthwhile , especially after having been nominated for a best song oscar .
 I always know a film is great when I replay scenes in my mind and view the world through the lens of the film for many days later . The animation was terrific . The scenes were artistic in their rendering and the limited dialogue was true to the tradition of European animation . The sound track has kept me humming and singing the tunes ever since . Definitely five stars in my book .
 As well as the animated movie , the soundtrack is just wonderful . From the Oscar nominated `` Belleville Rendez-vous '' -LRB- versions in French and English by M -RRB- to Madame Souza 's horrible performance -LRB- which is not listed , but you can listen after the last song -RRB- , a CD you have to own !
 I bought this CD because it was recommended by a friend ; I have n't even seen the movie yet . What a surprise ! I absolutely love this CD ... It 's delightfully quirky and sure to put a smile on your face . Jazz fans will love it but so will alternative music lovers ... really , anyone who loves good music.My only complaint is that the CD is copy-protected . While I fully appreciate the importance of intellectual copyright , I would have liked to make a copy for my car and downloaded some tracks into my mp3 player.However , that 's a minor quibble ... buy this CD , you wo n't be sorry .
 for the modern era of music making magic , Ben Charest does an amazing job at capturing the true adventure in song that is portrayed paralell in animation . Five stars to Mr. Charest . Hail Sinfonia .
 Decided to get the CD after I watched this French animated movie . The music is outstanding as is everything else in this movie . So go see it first and then you 'll come back to grab this cd tooo : -RRB-
 I bought this Cd after watching the movie . I thought the movie was amazing , this CD is quite literally out of this world . The music is hot yet playful , it 's sultry yet cool . This has done what most albums do n't - sound good .
 Wonderful movie ... the music was outstanding and the characters believable . The animation was like watching a well drawn picture come to life.I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys seeing the fruits of very creative people .
 I love the soundtrack , but was disappointed that the songs are not ordered as they `` appear '' in the film . The order on the CD then seems to be completely arbitrary . Still a great CD , but I think that it could have been better if the tracks were ordered properly .
 First , you have to see the film . REPEAT
 great soundtrack that stands alone even if one hav n't seen this amazing movie .
 this is a different kind of movie and I love it . so very glad I found and ordered it . it 's amazing . this came securely wrapped , great delivery , and quality dvd satisfied with service , and movie
 If you 've seen that strange and wonderful movie , The Triplets of Belleville , then you should order the soundtrack . If the triplet 's song plays over and over in your head , then you need the cd , because not only is it there three times -LRB- twice in French and once in English -RRB- , but the French Mafia ' s theme shows you those horrid clones perfectly . If you 've ever wanted a recording of music by a vacuum cleaner , a newspaper , a bicycle wheel and a refrigerator , this is the cd for you .
 What a brilliant movie . Throughly enjoyed everything from the beautifully drawn animation , the music , the plot , and the humor interwoven throughout the film .
 I asked for regular shipping and the goods arrived two days after I ordered . A-MA-ZING !
 My children love this movie even though there were no words . It was all music done with the simplest man made instruments . Every child should get a chance to see this movie .
 I just love this soundtrack . It 's urbane , entertaining to listen to repeatedly , and professionally written and arranged . Ben Charest is obviously a great talent . Every few months I google to see if he has produced any new music , and am terribly disappointed to find that he has n't . I ca n't believe that a writer would be nominated for an Oscar on his first soundtrack attempt , and then drop utterly out of sight . The quality of this soundtrack is so good , and Mr. Charest so elusive , I 'm starting to wonder if he is a figment of my imagination , or if he 's using a nom de plume .
 This was such a sweet movie and I just had to get the soundtrack from the movie ! I was not disappointed at all . I had searched other web sites for the soundtrack and even ordered it elsewhere , but it never arrived and after a month of trying to get a refund . I checked on Amazon and found it !!! I immediately ordered it . Of course , I also got my refund from the other location . Once it arrived , I immediately listened to it and it just brought me back to the movie , frogs and all .
 What can be said ? A fantastic score that provides excellent , cohesive ambiance out of context and filling a room . Very pleasing . Fans might enjoy Paris Combo , Pink Martini , Squirrel Nut Zippers , other pop hits by `` M '' , etc. - k
 From the opening sounds of `` Under the Bridge , '' featuring car horns and bicycle spokes , you realize that this is no ordinary soundtrack album . It 's full of French-flavored jazz , such as `` Jazzy Bach '' and `` Belleville Jungle , '' with a pop song called `` Attila Marcel '' -LRB- sung by the incredible B&eacute;atrice Bonifassi -RRB- , some catchy , kitschy songs such as '' ` Cieco Cieco ' Barber '' and `` Pa Pa Pa Palavas , '' and the infectious , 1920 's - flavored `` Belleville Rendez-Vous . `` Written by Benot Charest , `` Belleville Rendez-Vous '' is the most recognizable song from the film , having earned a deserved Oscar nomation and appearing on the album in numerous versions
 It 's a great surprise to go to a movie with absolute zero Kelvin expectations and be completely blown away . It 's also as rare as mutual physical attraction . Here 's what happened
 Triplets of Belleville soundtrack and Belleville Rendevous are the same disc . The first is the USA version and the second is the UK version - the playlists are identical . They are being offered here as a two disc deal , but unless you 're some sort of completist , this is no deal . I advised Amazon of this .
 The Triplets of Belleville is a very eccentric movie which I loved . It takes a mature audience to not be completely overwhelmed by the film 's sheer genious . But do n't let thet scare you ! The film is funny , exciting , and totally unlike anything you 've ever seen . The soundtrack is even better.With a cool combination of Django Reinhardt guitar , cabaret singing , and french surf music , Ben Charest has managed to create an original collection of music that satisfies all kinds of listeners.The title song of the soundtrack is one of the best -LRB- it was deservedly nominated for an oscar -RRB- , and all the rest of the tracks centralize around it . Sung in tight three part harmony with catchy lyrics -LRB- in both french and english -RRB- , ` the triplets of belleville ' songs -LRB- there are four total on the cd -RRB- , are enough to make anybody want to get up and start dancing . Another fun thing about this soundtrack is the presence of source music coming from vaccum cleaners , refrigerators , newpapers , tire wheels and more ! -LRB- I admit , the vaccum makes more sense if you 've seen the movie - so do so ! -RRB- The singers in the vocal pieces are fantastic , and make up for the lack of dialogue in the film . The instrumental pieces completely set the mood for the wide range of sences the film has - from the tour de france to a gangsters hideout.This is the perfect kind of music for a person wanting to expand their music intake . While listening to this , you get a taste of all kinds of music that are unfortunately underplayed . Hope you enjoy !
 We received the `` Triplets of Belleville '' soundtrack as a late addition to our March in-store play . About thirty seconds after I put the CD into our carousel player , I was dumbfounded
 Play one of the three versions of the Academy Award nominated -LRB- hopefully winning -RRB- title track , `` Belleville Rendezvous '' and tell me it is not the most unique and inspirational song of the year . I ca n't get it out of my head ! The film is a knockout and Ben Charest 's magic in the music is worth every dime .
 Higher Octave presents a cool , fun and a very upbeat soundtrack `` Triplets of Belleville '' , featuring the music of Ben Charest and frog eating Triplets of Belleville , former scat singing jazz prodigies turned experimental musicians -LRB- Charest
 I first heard the Belleville Rendez-vous while watching the Academy Awards , and I have hardly stopped listening to this fantastic soundtrack since I got it in the mail yesterday ! Jazzy , organic and original it 's fun to listen to.But you should note that the CD has some sort of copy control technology on it -- it says in small print `` On some equipment , for example car CD players , playback problems may be encountered '' . Well , my Sony stereo -- not entry level , at least according to the money I paid for it ! -- does n't recognize the CD at all , so I can only listen to it using my computer CD player . I 'm not quite sure what to do about this glitch , and I 'm not willing to part with the soundtrack , but this aspect of the CD sure is annoying .
 Triplets of Belleville is a great movie , but this album is even closer to perfection than the film . Great hot jazz music abounds , dominated by the `` Belleville Rendez-vous '' -LRB- wonderfully performed at the 2003 Academy Awards -RRB- , which is reprised several times , including a demo and an English-language version . A few tracks are perhaps better in service of the film than they are as stand-alone compositions , but that is a minor point . This is perhaps the most essential soundtrack album in decades . I think I would have to go back as far as Ragtime to think of an original soundtrack album of such achievement . See the film , then get this album .
 I bought this disc solely based on the trailer to the movie . I fell in love with it instantly . I have n't even seen the movie yet . It is eclectic , rambunctious , and brings to mind a cabaret show . If you 're a fan of French music from the first half of the last century and/or older jazz pick this up . I truly enjoyed it . Also check out the reviews for the import version of this disc for more opinions .
 It is utterly impossible for me to listen to this album and not be blown away . This jazz/scat/blues / gyspy explosion that takes place within the fifty minutes or so that this cd lasts has to be heard to even be imagined . If you 're reading this and even considering buying it , or not , add this to your cart -- it 's the reason recorded sound exists !
 What a delightful work of art . I was enchanted with the film and the music definitely caught my attention . I 'm always looking for a little `` off beat '' music , i.e. , Chocolat was my last favorite CD , but now this has moved up to first place . I highly recommend it for ecclectic music lovers who like that `` off beat , out of the way , different '' sound .
 I love this movie and the dvd was cheap and had no scratches or problems with it , I could n't find it anywhere else .
 `` Les Triplettes de Belleville '' n ' a pas reu le Jutra de la meilleure bande sonore , puisqu'il n ' &eacute;tait pas en nomination . `` Gaz Bar Blues '' l' a remport&eacute; .
 ... and a lot more fun too . This is a gem of a soundtrack garuanteed to put a smile on the face of all who listen to it . I heard the title track during the Oscars for 2003 , and I think the Oscar should have gone to this song instead of the LOTR song . I think this soundtrack will sound great to anyone regardless of if they 've seen the movie or not , it is reminiscent of Parisian Jazz a la Django Reindhart and Josephine Baker , with some scat and a fast piece or two thrown in . However , the movie should be scene to better appreciate the soundtrack.I bought the music using Realplayer , so I downloaded the album rather than buying the CD . I guess that means I can use the CD i burned from it to make MP3s , since I can only use Real Player to listen to the tracks . I agree with other reviewers who say the track order is messed up.Highly recommended .
 `` Other Side of Love '' was never released on either of Yazoo 's albums . It was released as a single between the two albums . After years of searching I finally found it on CD !! `` Other Side '' is a happy upbeat tune that has a bit that sounds like `` Just Ca n't Get Enough '' which after all Vince wrote for Depeche Mode.If you have both albums get this single and complete your Yazoo songlist !
 Known to the Yankees in the US as Yaz , Yazoo had 2 albums when Vince Clark departed from Depeche Mode when he wanted Depeche Mode to go one way and Martin Gore said no.Teaming up with Allison Moyet , this was the last single no put on any CD album by them , however this was the last before Vince Clark left to join Erasure . You can tell by the style of this song that the `` happy , fluffy '' style that makes Vince Clark a key to the sound of Erausre was just forming , this is a `` Rare Find '' to any Yazoo/Depeche/Eraure fanactic .
 Takes you to another mind of jay-Z and other popular rap artist it lets you know thier inner thoughts and what they see in thier future Ya got ta get it
 This is one of the best of Marco Polo &#8217; s Josef Strauss Edition . Mika Eichenholf allows to quick polkas to gallop fleetly , the march has plenty of swagger , the polkas mazur have poise , and there is a lilt and a joy in the waltzes that make you welcome rather than dread the many repeats . Josef Strauss often succeeded in creating dances in the minor key , but there are none of them here . What is here is his last composition , the &#8220; Hesperus-Bahnen Waltz &#8221; , published as Op 279 , after the forty-three year old composer &#8217; s death .
 I watched The Velvet rope tour on HBO and it was the bomb , it was the greatest tour that I have ever seen , everything was choreographed pefectly , the music was slammin and Janet really communicated with her fans . When she sang `` I get Lonely '' , `` Nasty '' and `` You '' , it sent me Crazy . I love you Janet !
 The little sister of the Jackson family has done it her brother 's way . U will find her doing theatrical moves , modern dancing moves , and sexy moves . It 's worth buying , because it 's something u will want to watch over and over again instead of once only . so be smart and buy it cause it 's worth it all !
 Not only I was able to see this concert in person , now i am able to view this outrageous concert over and over again . From the time the curtain opened , it was a non-stop Janet song fest ! I did not stop dancing for almost two hours . From her old songs like `` If '' and `` Control '' , to her most recent songs like `` Got Til It 's Gone '' and `` GO Deep '' , the crowd was entertain in every which way possible . The best thing of all is that Janet shows her fans so much love throughout the show , it is really sweet of her . But make sure you all get this video , it is worth every last second !
 Janet goes is catapulted to a new level with this tour ! No artist can match the theatrics and the emotion that Janet produces with this show ! Janet performs all of her hits with perfection ! From the opening of `` Velvet Rope '' to the closing of `` Together Again '' , Janet sings and dances the best of her career . Watch this video to see why no other artist can top Janet 's live shows !! Everyone must own this video ! The staging , dancing , and singing are brilliant and it showcases Janet 's tremendous gift for performing . Janet is truly the greatest artist to have ever lived !
 Janet 's Peformance of her tour was fantastic !!! It was the best concert special I have ever seen , and I have waited very impatiently for its release ! To be honest , I was expecting a little less from Janet , but was astonished at her stage presence and singing ablility . I have to admit that I am a fan , but even my friends who are non-fans loved this special . The stage presence , theatrical setup , lighting , fireworks , special effects , costumes , and that high note she during ` Again ' made this concert even better than Garth 's performance from Central Park . Janet gave a performance that would turn anyone 's head , especially when she did that lap dance ... You 'll understand what I mean , IF YOU BUY THIS TAPE ! PLEASE ! Do yourself a favor and get The Velvet Rope Tour ... now !
 Janet 's Peformance of her tour was fantastic !!! It was the best concert special I have ever seen , and I have waited very impatiently for its release ! To be honest , I was expecting a little less from Janet , but was astonished at her stage presence and singing ablility . I have to admit that I am a fan , but even my friends who are non-fans loved this special . The stage presence , theatrical setup , lighting , fireworks , special effects , costumes , and that high note she during ` Again ' made this concert even better than Garth 's performance from Central Park . Janet gave a performance that would turn anyone 's head , especially when she did that lap dance ... You 'll understand what I mean , IF YOU BUY THIS TAPE ! PLEASE ! Do yourself a favor and get The Velvet Rope Tour ... now !
 Even if you 're not a Janet fan , you 'll appreciate how wonderful she is in concert . She is very athletic , beautiful , and has extremely powerful vocals . Her sets have to be the best in the business , with playful scenes , dark scenes , and even a scene where she brings an audience member on to stage for a special performance . Janet changes outfits so many times , you 'd think she pass out from exhaustion , but she keeps on pushing out all those wonderful high/low notes till the end . The sound track is also great , there may be audience roars , but JJ can be heard VERY easily over them ; actually , the crowd 's yelling is sort of a bonus in that the viewer can see & hear what the audience is feeling about those same pieces -LRB- they 're always applauding for more -RRB- . The DVD is well assembled with a great track listing , sound recording , and the video is excellent as well ; if you have or have n't seen Janet in concert , it wo n't matter , because this is a great DVD for the novice and experienced .
 I first saw the HBO Special , and looked forward for the DVD to come out with Dobly 5.1 . Fun to watch , and dance too . They did a great job on this DVD .
 I went to that taping of that show . All you felt was pure love for the one and only Miss Janet who puts on a excellent show . I watch the tape everyday and everytime she proves that she is the best and there will never be another like her !!!! The Queen of Pop # 1 forever !!!!
 I saw this concert twice ; once in Camden , New Jersey and once at Madison Square Garden in New York City . I also saw the live telecast of The Velvet Rope Tour on HBO . I was amazed by Janet 's performance along with her dancers ' performances . This is definitely one woman that knows how to put on a show and keep the audience entertained . She is , without a doubt , one of the best female performers in the world . I have seen all 3 of her tours ; Rythym Nation 1814 , janet. , and The Velvet Rope , and I think that she has out done herself with The Velvet Rope tour . Good job , once again Janet !!
 HEY WHAT CAN I TOTALLY SAY , THIS CONCERT WAS OUTSTANDING , JANET IS AT HER BEST EVER ... THIS VIDEO IS A MUST , GOT TA SEE . ONCE YOU PUT THIS VIDEO IN , I GUARANTEE YOU WONT MOVE . AND I MUST GIVE TOTAL PROPS TO JANETS CHOREOGRAPHER TINA LANDON SHE 'S THE BEST . . THE DANCING IS MORE THAN OUTSTANDING . GO-GET-THE-VIDEO . A-MUST-SEE .
 I saw the show live in Houston on Halloween night 1998 and I am here to tell you that JANET is nothing but raw talent so refined that she actually makes you belive that everyone 's need to feel special is what you are at that show for . You must see this show . . you have to let her take you inside her VELVET ROPE to satisfy the one need everyone has ...
 To sing and dance and keep your composure and the attention of many devoted fans , JANET works it ! The costumes were colorful and the dancers were great .
 I AM LIVING IN IRELAND , AND THOUGH JANET HAS NEVER PERFORMED IN IRELAND I ALWAYS LONGED TO SEE HER PERFORM LIVE.I FOUND THE VIDEO BY ACCIDENT AND PURCHASED AT ONCE.I WAS NOT DISSAPOINTED.BEING A HUGE FAN OF HER BROTHER , IKNEW THAT JANET LIVE WOULD NOT DISSAPOINT CHECK OUT THE SHOWS OPENING , AND ALSO THE `` ESCAPADE '' MEDALY . VELVET ROPE IS ALSO HOT .
 Janet 's show was unbelieveable.She has incredible energy and an amazing stage presence.It was really cool how she incorporated so many songs into just two hours.Seeing the show was definetly the highlight of my summer.If you unfortunetly missed her tour , and your a fan , then you 'll really appreciate this video.The best thing about the video is that it captures alot of the excitement and magic of the show.Usually , a taped concert is n't always that fun or entertaining to watch , but this show was so full of life and Janet 's amazing energy and effort really shows through.Janet ... you out-did yourself again ! : -RRB-
 Janet did lipsynch parts of the show but what do you expect , she was was dancing up a storm . With some of the busier dance numbers she did use pre-recorded vocals but that is only because dancing and singing is the equivalent of singing while running a marathon . On songs like `` Again '' , and `` Go Deep '' , Janet did sing live . The concert was the best ever and that person is probably just jealous that they ca n't dance like Janet !
 Janet Is Truly Amazing . I Went To See Her Concert Here In Johannesburg , South Africa . It Was Unbelievable . I Bought The Vhs Tape Of The Velvet Rope And Now I Am Back To Buy The Dvd Version . I Can Watch The Tape Over And Over Again . Janet Is Truly Entertaining . I Actually Did Not Expect The Concert To Be That Great , But I Would Really Stunned . The Choreography Was Really Out Of This World . I Recommend This Movie To Everybody . For 2 Hours , You Are Transformed To A World Of Magic And Excitement . I Can Guarantee That You Will Love It . Thank You Janet For Your Outstanding Performance , It Will Honestly Remain A Part Of Me For A Very Long Time ! !
 Janet 's VELVET ROPE tour began in Europe in April 1998 , and lasted well into the fall of 1998 , hitting various countries to support her album THE VELVET ROPE . THE VELVET ROPE is Janet 's most personal offering , with songs about acceptance , personal pain , etc. . The tour is a must see . Janet takes on various personas through different costume changes , that symbolize her songs . Not only does she sing songs from THE VELVET ROPE , but she digs back , all the way to CONTROL and RHYTHM NATION 1814 with songs the fans have always loved . As tiring as the tour is , this party does n't stop , as she entertains through and through during this concert . There is a charisma with Janet on stage , between her and the fans , her and the dancers , anyone she wants to make contact with . This is a show for the fans , and a show that does n't disapoint . Highlight performances include the Control Medley , the Escapade Medley , If , Rhythm Nation , What About , and more . Give this one a whirl if you want to be entertained !
 but I gave it a 4 because of the audience . I would have assumed that after it being aired live on HBO and set for VHS and DVD availability-that they would drown out the crowd more , particularly the first song `` Velvet Rope '' and `` If '' . It got better as the show went on , except in some parts , where again they drowned Janet 's voice by the audience.Other than that , as I said very fun and energetic . All the great hits , fantastic stage sets and awesome costume changes . Especially the Escapade Medley stage set and costumes.Those who like Janet and those who like concerts on the screen , I recommend it .
 It 's JANET ! And what a DVD this is . Killer sets , great dance numbers -LRB- my only complaint is that not all the dancers can be seen all the time , and they 're working as hard as Miss Janet . I think more on-screen time next go ` round should be afforded to these talented , energetic individuals . -RRB- And Janet sings her heart out - all your favorites , from `` If '' to a medley of `` Control '' hits , to a razor-edged rendition of `` Black Cat '' . The emotional song , however , is `` What About '' , with dancers in the background enacting various scenes of violence between men and women , with men being the aggressors . A powerful song , `` What About '' only speaks more eloquently with its visuals . This DVD is never leaving my collection ! Ca n't wait for Janet 's new CD ! -LRB- And there is one awesome seduction number in the song `` Rope Burn '' . You know that guy onstage will never forget THAT experience ! Turn that track on when you curl up with your honey one evening ! -RRB-
 This DVD is one of my all time favorite musical DVDs . Miss Jackson proves why she is the highest paid singer in the industry . With a combination of costume changes , great choreography , Janet 's greatest hits , and a sold out crowd at Madison Square Garden , the DVD makes for an excellent night of entertainment . I only regret that I was not able to see the concert in person here in my home town due to a cancelation of the concert ; however , the DVD is definately a suitable substitute . I highly recommend this DVD to any fans of Janet , lovers of music , and owners of quality DVDs .
 If you missed seeing Miss j on HBO , I recommend you buy the DVD/VHS ASAP ! Janet knows how to throw one hell of a show ! The dancing is excellent , the staging is remarkable , and the dancers are great and then of course , there is Janet , the queen of Pop ! If your seriously looking for Out-of-this-world entertainment , I fully recommend you purchase your on personal copy of The Velvet Rope !
 This video is defintely the best live tour music show there is . I have never seen such live action during a show . Tina Landon definitely out done herself as for the tour 's choreography . Janet looks so great and the sets and props for the show were amazing . I thought that her brother Michael 's Dangerous tour was the best until Janet 's Velvet Rope Tour . I 've seen it about a million times already . I really suggest buying the video for those who have n't already . This video is da ' bomb and will never be ejected from your VCR .
 this tour was very person and as janet represented from the start of the concert , an open book of HER story of her life , music , feelings and so forth . The concert begins with a big book being opened and then seperated into two screens then comes janet . She sings songs from velvet rope which are perfectly mixed with classic dance hits of hers over the years . A lot of the control and rhythm nation songs were made into medleys though some of the ones with intense choreography like If , Rhythm Nation and so forth were performed wonderfully . Janet also created great new chorography for what about , you and i get lonely which could have also been singles . I wish Everytime was sang on this show though that ballad is just so beautiful . It was great to see rope burn and special included .
 This is a very good live concert VHS tape with high energy and lots of colorful lights . Janet Jackson gives a 2 hour , non stop , performance in a 1998 release with Janet at her peak performance . The majority of her songs she sings live , not lip-synching . The experience of watching the video is close to being at a live concert in one of the front rows .
 In 1998 , I got the rare opportunity to see Janet Jackson in concert held in Minneapolis , during `` The Velvet Rope '' tour . The show was amazing . All of the physical features and her performances were breathtaking . Though nothing beats the live experience , this DVD wonderfully commemorates the tour.Months before , she released an album of the same name that was unusually different than her previous . She was always known for her positive songs . However , the album entirely explored her painful turbulations , including abuse , loss , depression , and others . These songs are based on thoughts she endured during her two-year depression , 1995-1997 . Many listeners were shocked . Some of these songs gave this tour a new outlook . Despite revisiting many classic songs , audiences can feel her new style.The elaborate stage direction gives the concert a more enjoyable experience . The three different backgrounds and the three different costumes add to the spectacular pleasure
 Multi-talented Janet Jackson has pulled it off again . If you want to be taken to a different level of a quailty stage show this is the concert to see.Best veiwed on dvd format , with a Dolby Digital 5.1 A.C-3 Audio system `` you will feel like you are actualy there '' . Just kick back and enjoy the show ! ... The more the merrier
 I watched this concert on HBO all three times they aired it . It is truly amazing . Janet 's performance was incredible . I 'm a musician , band leader , writer , producer ... etc. . To say that I love all kinds of music would be a HUGE understatement . Every time I watch this concert , I 'm blown away by how much energy Janet and her whole crew put into the show . All the singers , dancers , musicians , and the audience was so hyped ! Plus , the fact that her band got to strut their stuff from time to time , made my day . I also run sound -LRB- PA -RRB- for bands so I know how incredibly hard it is to mix for a live event . I thought the mix could 've been a little better . At times , you can barely understand Janet or her background singers . Some songs are a little clearer than others . However , I ca n't wait for this concert to come out on VHS , Laserdisc , or DVD . Being the music enthusiast I am , I ` lll probably buy all three formats . The overall show was -LRB- is -RRB- really awesome . Everyone should own it .
 I have no complaints , the dvd was as described & worked perfectly . Delivered early prior to projected arrival date . This concert is n't as visually breathtaking as the Janet Hawaii concert , but still one of my favorites.YES would purchase from this vendor again .
 of Janet 's . Love the choreography and I have a slight crush on her main choreographer in this tour
 I am a Janet Jackson fan . This video is entertaining . &#34; Got Til It 's Gone &#34; is my favorite . She is real !
 I originally watched this concert on HBO as a child and I was blown away with the entire production and Ms. Jackson 's stamina . To this day , this is simply one of the best concerts I have ever seen produced on DVD . She sings all of her hits and gives so much of herself on that stage . I also love that the crowd at this concert was very receptive and full of energy . This is a treat for your ears and eyes .
 I am a die hard Janet fan and I must say that I am very pleased with this DVD . It was packaged carefully and the seller even sent a little cute note . I love it !
 this tour is like a representation of janet as a person what she feels and what she wants in life and what she is looking for and basically happiness i personally enjoy janet in everything she does because she does it so well !
 I was so excited when I found out my DVD made it in the mail . I tore it open and watched it immediately . The real scoop
 I love it I love It I love it , Janet is the queen there is no other , I went to the Velvet Rope concert and it was da bomb diggity , I am now going to see her again on the All for You tour , in NYC and that 's just gon na blow me away . I ca n't wait , hope it comes out on video too .
 I decided to buy this tape after seeing the show here in Hawaii . Janet Jackson is an extraordinary performer and watching her , her dancers , her crew , and her band work so hard to put on a show is so amazing . She and her dancers really rock and the concert is incredible . There is never a boring moment . This tape is exciting to watch , especially if you loved the concert and are a big fan of Janet 's work . I really recommend it . Janet Jackson is an admirable performer , whether or not you are a fan of her Velvet Rope work -LRB- which I happen to love -RRB- . She works very hard and appreciates her audiences . This tape is cool ; buy it .
 Besides the fact that I am IN this video -LRB- 3rd row back from stage -RRB- I LOVE IT !! I believe this is Janet 's 1st concert released to video and should not be missed . The song ... the dance ... everything is great and DVD technology makes it crisp to hear and watch !!
 Janet is sooooo sexy and look at those abs
 This is single handedly Janet 's greatest touring achievement . Yes , the usual medleys are there . Yes , there 's quite a bit of lip-synching . Yes , some of the sets are similar to that of the janet . tour . But , what truly shines through in this performance is Janet 's energy . Not to mention the near perfection of the setlist.Yes , this tour is filled with perfect pop confection , a few serious moments here and there , but most importantly , the ` fun ' element is uberpresent.Quite an impressive show , Ms. Jackson .
 Velvet Rope was one of the best albums of the 90s , it was personal and meant many different things . The tour was spectacular , where she sings many of the songs from Velvet Rope , as well as previous hits from janet. , Rhythm Nation and Control . She really puts on a show and involves the crowd as much as possible . She puts her all into it . The dancing is remarkable , dancing only Janet can produce . Highlights include Velvet Rope , If , Again , the medleys , Any Time Any Place , Rhythm Nation , hell the whole video is awesome . You must get this , you wont be dissapointed .
 This is a highly entertaining show that you can watch over and over again . It deserves an Amazon.com double five star rating , it is that good . Think , if you will , of the Velvet One 's rising to the top in spite of her talented and tabloid catching siblings and in spite of the emergence of girl groups who are flooding the airwaves and CD displays with soundalike claptrap which has only a catchy phrase or a man-slam to its merit . -LRB- Pay some dues , girls . -RRB- Look at the Velvet One 's performance in the concert showstoppers -- `` Alright/I Get Lonely/Rope Burn '' `` Black Cat '' `` What About That '' `` Rhythm Nation '' -- I mean ... is she great or what ? And look at how many of the Velvet One 's tunes you know by heart . There ai n't that many performers out there of Janet 's calibre at all these days ... well , maybe a few of 'em . They seem to be calling themselves `` diva '' . Oh well . Thanks , Velvet One , from saving us from an entertainment void .
 Her performance at Madison Square Garden is full of non-stop action . The singing and dancing come together perfectly , as does the scenery . I would rather watch her concert than any other . She makes you want to be up there with her . I highly recommend it !!
 This video showcases Janet Jackson as the equal of Madonna , Elton John , and any artist that has the big scale concert productions . All the costumes and theatrics are first rate , and why should n't it be ? There 's no need to `` kid glove '' her , Janet is at the top of her game . I have friends , you know , Aerosmith fans , or others that call themselves rock and roll `` purists '' . They have always laughed at the mention of Janet Jackson as a peer to the Rolling Stones of the world . To each his own , I guess . Who needs them . Janet never needed to go begging for validation.If you do not have a stereo VCR plugged into a room sound system by now , you ca n't get the real pleasure of this or any concert video . It 's the only way to appreciate the depth of the sound . And finally , what man does n't envy the guy that was chosen to be the on-stage object of Janet and the girls ! I can not sing `` My , My , My '' as good as Johnny Gill , but this is as close as any man could hope to get to Ms Jackson . There would have been no hope for me even if I was there at the concert . I would have been in the cheap seats trying to make out which one was Janet .
 Janet is one of the best artists in music and she knows how to get a crowd going , even when it 's home viewers with their DVD 's . I saw Janet in concert as well and it 's really this much fun . This is also a great DVD as well . Great motion menu 's and animated chapter selection . Get the DVD now !
 Ms. Jackson - is definately nobody 's little sister she is a woman , and a very beautiful one at that - I think that it is an insult to say she is the little sister of Michael - I believe she has proven that time and time again - she is her own person . I have viewed this video each time it has aired on HBO and I must say - I have been totally mezmarized -LCB- so have my children -RCB- ; her stage presence is totally awesome , she gives her all and then some - her background singers and her dancers are equally incredible - the performance they all gave was heart-pounding . I have been a Janet fan since the real early days `` come give your love to me '' and even earlier than that -LCB- she and I are the same age -RCB- ; - no matter what you think of her or her performance you have to give the girl her props - let 's face it out of all the children her parents had she 's the only girl that is doing something with the gift GOD gave her , not downing her sisters but I 've heard them both sing and well - I 'm gon na leave that alone , anyway my personal opinion is that Ms. Jackson is the BOMB , and even though I 'm a woman I would have loved to be where that guy was sitting when she gave that lap dance to `` Rope Burn '' of course that is my favorite part of the concert . Thank you Comments
 Being an avid Janet Jackson supporter I must say that her live jaunt `` The Velvet Rope live '' was one of her best tours ever . . For those who think she is trying to be like Madonna , they should do some homework . THIS WAS NOT THE FIRST TOUR THAT JANET JACKSON TIED UP A MAN LIVE ON STAGE ... This was also not the first tour that had many of the Broadway and theatrical elements that , Madonna has in many ways made famous . Madonna is not the end all of live performing and just because she may have done something first does not mean she did it best.Now this is not to say that Janet 's live show is 100 percent `` never been done '' but nothing in her show is exactly like Madonna ever did , and anything close to what Madonna did , is totally mixed in with Janet Jackson 's genius and taken to another level , as only Janet Jackson can take it.The show begins with a storybook opening and with one big BOOM , JANET JACKSON IS UPON US . The pop diva slowly comes to the stage to perform the title track `` THE VELVET ROPE '' and then BURSTS into the high charged `` if '' . other stunning moments through the 2 hour jaunt included a beautiful medley of her slower hits `` let 's wait a while '' and `` again '' and a cute `` wonderland '' medley of her hits . . Another issue that many find a problem is lip-synching . Although Janet does not sing songs like `` if '' or `` r.nation '' . over half of her live concert is just that , live ... from the slow songs of `` let 's wait a while , and again '' to trob , and the entire wonderland medley , Janet sings live song after live song . the song `` black cat '' is live as well , and the final set , of `` go deep , together again , got till it 's gone and that 's the way love goes '' are all live ... she gives a 2 hour , non stop , high charted performance with elements ranging from Broadway to break dancing.This Madonna / Janet thing is really childish . They are both pop divas and although many times it may seem as if one is gleaming ideas from another . Janet Jackson 's entire career and especially this career defining VELVET ROPE CONCERT , is 100 percent Janet ...
 This is a must have for all Janet Fans . . I love the show i was there by the way . . If you wasnt there or had the chance to catch The Velvet Rope Tour when it hit your city ... this is the next best thing the show was great . . the song selection , the outfits , dances , Stage Settings . . The band was jammin . . Pick it up fans
 THIS CONCERT WAS SO HOT . I REGERT NOT SEEING HER WHEN SHE CAME TO HOTLANTA . WE DO HAVE THE BEST SEAT IN THE HOUSE . WHEN I SAW IT ON HBO I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE MY PERSONAL COPY . THANKYOU JANET FOR PUTTING IT ON DVD .
 I do n't know how many times I 've watched this video . It 's like I 'm drawn to it . I love when she pulls the guy out of the audience and dances for him . That was my favorite part of the whole show . The dance moves were hot and there is no other artist out with this choreography . I recommend this to any Janet fans , and if you are n't already , you will be after viewing this video .
 I reviewed the concert special . Janet wwas really good . I loved the choreography on Rhytmn Nation the best ! and also YOU which was suppose to be a song dedicated to Micheal . Her dancers were remarkable ! . The Rope Burn song is really hot I 'm sure the guy from the audience felt the same . Janet has many moves like Micheal part of her show even remind of Madonna . Janet definitely has alot to show for her success .
 It desrves a tousand thumbs up . The dancing like in the song `` You '' is spectacular . Janet puts on the BEST show ever . Sold over 33 million tickets in the world . GREATEST PERFOMANCE EVER .
 Although nothing beats experiencing ` The Velvet Rope ' live and in person , Janet 's HBO performance proved that she can conquer any territory . Having conceptualized , produced , directed and starred in this spectacular show she has proven that she is a powerful artistic force . Her stamina is amazing and her sincerity which clearly comes across to her fans everywhere is genuine . She is the best at everything she does and this production is a visual testament to that fact . She is one entertainer/artist who wo n't ever lose her Midas touch .
 Janet Jackson is at her absolute best in this recording of her October 1998 concert at Madison Square Garden .
 The Velvet Rope World Tour is H-O-T !!! I saw it live in person 4 times and I have to tell you that it is amazing . This video is as close as you can get to watching the concert and almost feeling like you are there . It 's excellently shot and has beautiful singing , dancing , and class . Janet 's amazing . She does n't stop singing or dancing once in this whole 2 hour concert . Janet 's the original , the talented , the innovator .
 She is very much full of life and her singing is what made me become a singer . The way she moves and spins is totally killer !!!
 MUST SE
 I TAPED THE SHOW THE NIGHT IT AIRED WHILE IT WAS TAPING I WAS AT THE SHOW , TOO HOT , MISS JANET TORE IT UP . EVERYONE WAS SINGING WITH HER . IT WAS SO LOUD , SOMETIMES YOU COULD HARDLY HEAR IT , BUSTA WAS THERE , T-BOZ , AMONG ALOT OF CELEBS WHO WERE THERE , LISTEN , ENOUGH WITH THE TALK , JANET IS TOO FIERCE , GET THE TAPE , YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED .
 Janet , just let me say that you are da bomb ! I saw this on HBO , and I went to the Concert in San Diego in August . Both were the best . I finally can have a permmanant copy of the greatest memory of my life so far ! Thanks Janet and all for relasing this increadible video !
 This concert is all about the music and art with a little bit of sex , but after this she became way too sexual in a classless way . Although janet 's career is suffering right now , she will bounce back . Hey , even Velvet Rope started out slow and started picking up once Together Again was released , Damita Jo should too once the new single All Nite becomes a hit . So buy this DVD today , it 's all about the music
 the music , the choreography , the book concept , the costumes , the dancing , the singing are all amazing . Luckily I was able to catch the concert when it came to my town and it was the best concert I have ever attended and this DVD helps me relive my memories of the Velvet Rope days . This is for every music lover , and so much better than the All For You in Hawaii DVD .
 Please , trust me . Trust me when I say that this is an EXCELLENT concert . Honestly , I can only wish that I was in NY for it . Janet has achieved the status of `` SEXY . '' Not just any singer/actress/celebrity can reach that level . Sexy means Class , Maturity , Beauty , Strength , Poise , Sincerity , and an ever-so-slight sense of Intimidation . To iminate all of those traits at the same time , one achieves `` SEXY . '' Many try , and fail . Not , Ms. Jackson . Many men will agree with me when I say , `` I wish it were me who was brought up on stage for '' `` RopeBurn . '' '' Take Care .
 I had the immense pleasure of seeing this extravagantly amazing stage show live and I must say , it is JANET ECSTACY . Oh my god , the concert was SO ACTIVE . I was up in the Forum CRYINGGGGGG !!!!! I was standing up cheering and shouting and screaming when she would sing such hits like `` What About '' with such conviction and emotion . I WAS IN JANET ECSTACY AT THAT CONCERT !!!!!!! Oh my god , I 'm staring the shed tears right now , that concert was off the umph ! I will never forget it . Janet put it down so hard at that concert . I give her so much props because she had the whole arena in euphoria ! VELVET PRIDE !
 The sound is clear , the video shows it all . . ita a bomb . I guess the right show has been chosen for the DVD . Janet J is my girl . . I ai n't gon na part with this DVD
 This was so good . Janet is very talented and she is very good in what she does . She has alot of things that she can do but singing is one of her best ones . This was very good for her to do . I give it five stars . There was lots of enjoying parts in this concert . There was alot of excitement in this concert . This was very good . I loved this alot and I love Janet . Shes my role model .
 The DVD could have been better if the audio was as good as the video and that is not too much to ask . When compared to the Eagles ` Hell Freezes Over ' one has the impression that a lot is left to be desired . Janet on stage presence however covers a lot , after all this is Michael 's sister .
 Get this dvd . It has been a long time coming to see some janet on dvd !!!!! the wait is over , and I can enjoy it over and over now !!!! not only is she beautiful , but she is talented and can dance , dance , dance ! She is electrifying in concert , and she is very graceful on the stage . -LRB- wish they could have casted her in Blade -RRB- . anyway , buy this DVD , especially if you like janet jackson ...
 I love all the performances , but the one that got me wilding was the lap dance . Before Britney and Rihanna ever thought of it , there was Janet . The guy was having a total meltdown . He could n't stop yapping while Janet was just looking at him like she was enjoying every bit of it ! She then hushed him , move a lil here and there , and THEN kisses him in the end !!! I do n't think I would have the courage to do it with some random guy , but Janet takes risks . I really like the Special performance . Seeing all her childhood photos on the screen . I wish I was there to experience that . Seeing how big the crowd was back then , it makes me wonder where are those people now ? Those were the days when Janet was the HOT thing . I really miss that . She 's such an underrated , forgotten artist that does n't get the credit she deserves . They need to release janet . and the Rhythm Nation tours . Those were great tours as well . Ohh . . and on the side , she also proves her haters wrong that she can SING live ! That is all ... good day !
 I love this concert dvd of Janet . She sings all her chart topping hits . I am so glad that I purchased this DVD . Anyone who is a Janet fan this is a must have .
 NOBODY can do a show like Janet Jackson . If people THINK that Madonna and Michael are better , they have NOT seen this show yet ! This IS a must see !
 I Love Janet !! I really enjoyed her concert in Hawaii better than this concert but The Velvet Rope Tour is indeed another great concert to watch Janet do her thang -LRB- not thing -RRB- . You will enjoy her live singing , so when she takes the mike away from her mouth there is n't a record playing in the background NO WAY this is all Miss. . Janet from beginning to end . All I can say is sit back and enjoy 2 hours of fun .
 Originally bought this for my wife , the minute it was delivered we played it and my wife just loved it !!! This is definitely a must have !!!! Get it !
 Janet is coming to Rodeo Houston this year so I bought this live concert dvd to aquaint my children with her music and style ... . OK , I 'm lying ; this one 's for daddy . This is an awesome concert , hit after hit rolled into a visual explosion . I love Jan. . . , er ah excuse me , Ms Jackson , cause I 'm nasty .
 Janet is at her best in this excellent concert ! I love this video and have seen many concerts ... This it top entertainment !! I recommend it highly.Janet Jackson - The Velvet Rope Tour -LRB- Live in Concert -RRB- -LRB- DTS -RRB-
 I remember being 11 years old and seeing this concert when it first aired on HBO . I was n't exactly a huge Janet fan at the time since I was too young to really get into her , but I was immediately captivated by the colorful sets , Janet and her dancers ' tight moves , and the smooth flow of the show . Janet starts from the beginning by inviting us inside her velvet rope -LRB- great concept -RRB- and revealing her sensual side with classics like If and That 's the Way Love Goes , her vulnerable side with Again , Every Time , and Special , her playfulness on Go Deep and Escapade , and shares her views on societal issues on Rhythm Nation and the aggressive anti-domestic violence of What About . The I Get Lonely performance as well as Rope Burn 's striptease are highlights . You go through so many emotions by the end , but feel happy and carefree by the time Together Again closes the show . All the classics are performed as well as some of the best songs on The Velvet Rope . It 's a theraputic rollercoaster that 's entertaining from start to finish .
 This concert makes me feel like even now artists have got to step their game up.If were gon na pay our money for your concert you 've got to give us your best . Janet does just that with the Velvet Rope . The album sings like a discovery of one 's self and examination of who and where you are in life -LRB- something we all must do at some point in life -RRB- . The video visually gives you a very very nice retrospect and walk down the musical memory lane of Janet 's top hits . Its nice that she always pleases the fans . I 'm impressed with this video . After recently listening to this album I had to have the video and I was not disappointed . I felt like rediscovered an artist whom I had not really appreciated before and I 'm quite impressed and happy with my discovery of how she has influenced music and the music industry ...
 I consider this one of the greatest concerts , beautifully done by the one and only Janet Jackson . My wife and I have been looking for this dvd ever since my original recording of this was taken -LRB- borrorwed -RRB- by our nephew . Now we finally got it back . Without Janet Jackson there would be no Beyonce Knowles ! Janet Jackson still rules !!!!!
 The Velvet Rope tour is probably Janet 's best show . If u are a big fan and enjoy watching her perform , this DVD is a `` must have . '' Janet definitely paved the way for all of the present day female entertainers . This DVD proves it !
 I bought this DVD a year ago , and when I first watched it I was a little bit disappointed because I really expected more of it.They were n't very frequent with the costume changes , and they were n't as much creative as the All For You Tour as far as the settings consern.But as a true Janet fan and a inspired dancer , I bought `` The Velvet Rope '' album -LRB- I 'm a huge fan since a little 4 years ago -RRB- and thought it was an amazing peace of art.The more I listened to it , the more I fell in love with it.And after beginning to be totally obsessed with the album , I watched the show , and I thought it was AMAZING.The show was more about the cheography and showing us the great talent Janet posseses.She has this great energy on stage , which she always has of course , but what I have n't noticed the first time I saw THIS DVD.Overall , it 's a great show and y' all should really check it out , love you janet !!!!!!
 Janet has come a long way folks and this concert proves she is/was at the top of her game . I can clearly see her influence in other artists such as Destiny 's Child and Britney Spears . Janet might not be a great vocalist , in fact thats her weakness but her performances make up for what she lacks . Her dancing and her ability to rarely rely on a backing track makes her a great performer.I was probably no more than 10 or 11 when this concert was shown and it was good then and great now.Janet 's energy and determination can be seen and felt throughout the show . She seems more focused than ever and it shows . Aside from that , her band and dancers were on point with every key and step . All of her top hits at the time are performed ; `` IF '' , `` Control '' , `` Miss You Much '' and `` I get lonely '' , they are all here.If you want to see a great LIVE concert with great sets , vocals , dances , costumes and props then pick this one up . Its worth the money . If your a Janet fan or a fan of Pop/R & B ; music then get this DVD because its a classic .
 Before her recent decline from the last couple of years , Janet was sexy but made her performance top priority before showing flesh ! True , she was suggestive here as well but nothing like the blantant shows that she makes now.She performs mainly from Velvet Rope but she also performs a lot of the songs that made her an ICON such as Rhythm Nation , Alright , Love Will Never Do Without You & Black Cat.This is an electric concert and between this and the Hawaii concert , I would recommend this one the better of the two . Get this to see Janet before her decline .
 janet looks like she 's immulating her brother michael a bit , because she has these angry \ confident exxpressions on her face . i remember when it first aired on october 12th , 1998 on HBO , it was the end of her world tour promoting her `` velvet rope '' album . `` for the past 2 tours , and the only 2 that i 've done it 's always been the states first and this time i 've made a decision to start in europe '' , she said in an interview back in early '98 when her tour was on the brink of begining . the show was unbeliveable !!! she collaborated with some dancers she danced with on her last album project , `` janet . '' - tina landon -LRB- choreogorpher -RRB- - tyce diorio -LRB- lokkin ' good , lookin ' really , really good !! -RRB- - shawnette `` BUCKY '' -LRB- what was her last name ? -RRB- - and others ... the way she transformed from the `` circus-like \ fun-fair '' vibe of `` escapade '' , to the `` erotic \ striptease '' of `` rope burn '' , all the way up to the `` closing \ farewell '' performance of `` together again '' was truly insparational . i do n't think we 'll ever know how ms.jackson -LRB- `` if you 're nasty ! '' -RRB- does it !! she works so damn hard and this show proves it!P.S .
 This dvd is amazing ! Janet is off the hook ! However , I must say that I ADORE THE HAWAII dvd just released recently , and would recommend that one over this one ... Janet looks so fab in the Janet in Hawaii dvd , and I love `` All for You '' and all the songs on that same cd that the Velvet Rope tour does n't provide . Also , All for you has so many hit songs , not just her most recent cd to promote . I am only to be trusted if you have my same taste in `` Janet '' experiences ! :-RRB- I know `` The Velvet Rope '' is one of her most -LRB- if not the most -RRB- critically acclaimed work of her career , but for me , it is too dark . I like some of the songs like `` Go Deep '' but for me , sexy Janet aka Janet . and `` All for You '' are the cds for me.Let me preface what I said by saying that ANYTHING Janet is worth owning , and I did give this 5 stars which says that anything beyond this DVD -LRB- for me -RRB- is just out of this world !!! Janet is a true performer , and she knows how to work it , and after seeing Miss Janet live , her dvd 's come close to reliving the magic!Standout performances on this disc are `` What About ? '' the haunting domestic abuse song , as well as `` If '' the classic song , as well as medleys of her best songs . If you get a chance , why not pick up Janet in Hawaii and add this on to your `` Velvet Rope Tour '' purchase ! : -RRB-
 THIS CONCERT IS AMAZING !! I ENCOURAGE EVERYONE TO PURCHASE THIS CONCERT.THE ENERGY IS JUST UNBELIEVABLE !!
 Okay , I 'll admit it ... I 'm a Janet fan . But you 've got to give it to her , Girlfriend is a fantastic performer . This video proves it . I 've seen her live twice and this video brought me back to the great times I had at those concerts . She gives so much of herself that you do n't mind the price you paid for the tickets . With that in mind , this video is a bargain at any price . Madonna who ?
 I saw Janet in concert but did not have good seats so this DVD is a revelation for me . The sound quality is better than being at the show , since you can actually hear her and the band perform over the screaming crowd . With a combination of camera cranes and Steadicam shots , you get a great on-stage perspective of her show .
 The Janet Jackson 's Velvet Rope -LRB- Live in Concert -RRB- was excellent . There was something for everyone to appreciate ; superb singing , dancing , various depiction of life demonstrated -LRB- i.e.playful circus , gambling , strip-club , violence in homes , military ensemble etc. -RRB- I must say the choreograph was exceptional .
 I absolutely LOVE the concert ... the choreography , the set , the vocals , the costumes . I actually felt like I was watching a Broadway play . It was so well put together and included ALL of her best hits ... A must have !!!
 I saw this concert when it aired live on HBO several years ago . The show is full of wonderful visuals -LRB- costumes , props and sets -RRB- . Much more than you would expect from a concert . The dancing is out of this world and Janet looks like the true diva-performer extraordinaire that she is . I recorded this show on VCR and the audio on this DVD could stand to be a little bit better . Also , they cut one small scene out , it 's where Janet brings a guy up on stage and the first guy doesnt suit her taste , for whatever reason , then she has him taken off the stage and recruits another . On the DVD you never see the first guy who is brought onto the stage . If you like Janet you 'll want to add this to your collection and if your not a Janet fan you will be after seeing this show !
 The concert was her best . Great twists and turns on the concert , kept my attention most of the time .
 I say this after seeing ` All For You ' live and on DVD . The visual elements , costumes , and the video board integration to the set are artful and perfectly implemented . The opening song -LRB- `` The Velvet Rope '' -RRB- is directed , choreographed , and presented just perfectly , and made me proud to have loved Janet Jackson since the ` Good Times ' and ` Fame ' days . Janet actually directed the show from the stage , she 's the greatest . One thing missing from the VHS version is the first guy brought to the stage during ` Rope Burn ' . I loved how she dismissed him . Her and Tina 's choreography on this album was flawless too.Tina Landon , I sure do miss you ...
 This tour was so cool . The songs she sang were great , and most of them are from her latest album at that time , which was The Velvet Rope . In my opinion , it was also her best album . After seeing the All For You tour , I really think that The Velvet Rope Tour was MUCH better and her most mature effort . She is so talented and has a lot to offer . The show and DVD are great ! It 's a MUST HAVE !
 Janet is one of those artists that makes you love her cds and completely mesmerizes you in concert . I was fortunate enough to see her Velvet Rope tour and was pleased to see it released on dvd/vhs . Janet does n't skimp on the songs , dancing or costumes ... she delivers on all accounts building the audience 's excitement with each set of songs . From her first big hit `` Control '' to `` The Velvet Rope '' , Janet charges the stage and , with her dancers , whirls you through the last decade of chart makers she has accumulated . I would like to have seen some extras on this dvd but that is a minor complaint . The concert itself is worth every penny and if you are a Janet Jackson fan , you need this in your video collecton
 Oh my God ! Yes you Ms. Jackson . Can THIS be real ? You deserve every single award possible . I 'm looking forward to seeing you dance again . I was too intimidated last time -LRB- not so long ago -RRB- to dance with you . I wo n'tever pass up that chance again .
 I was lucky enough to get to see this tour live in Memphis , Tennesee . Anyone who saw the tour will have to agree with me that you ca n't just see it once . This video allows you to watch Janet over and over again . This was the best tour I have ever seen . I have been looking for this video ever since the night of the concert . It was one of the BEST experinces of my life !!!!!!! Thank you Amazon for providing great movies !
 Even the Media and entertainment industry said that Janet is the Queen of Pop and Best Female Performer in history and they 're right . Of course we all know that Madonna fans were gon na diss Janet but there just jealous that Janet is better than Madonna . In front of more than 22,000 fans and live on t.v. for the first time ever Janet seemed unfased . She did n't mess up once . Maybe Mariah , Whitney , and Celine 's voices are stronger but Janet can sing so sweet just like she held that long note in `` Again '' ... but in performance no other female entertainer can dare come close to Janet . And in my opinion she is a better performer than Michael . Michael does the same robotic moves but Janet can hit you with a different style everytime like `` I Get Lonely '' , `` Rhythem Nation '' , `` If '' and `` That 's The Way Love Goes '' . Over 15million people say Janet 's HBO concert in America and it was the number one network for that night . Her tour has grossed over $ 33million in the U.S. -LRB- including the sold out show in Hawaii in which over 40,000 people showed up for and that was the highest attendance for a concert there ever and generated over $ 2million dollars -RRB- . It also made over $ 150 million worldwide . If your a fan of Janet visit this Janet site missjanet.xs4all.nl Janet goes there and chats in the chatroom sometimes . Also join the Janet mailing list . By the way Janet 's Tour video is number one on the music video sales charts .
 Their will be no moonwalking here . Janet sets the stage on fire with energy and dancing that madonna could n't come close to . Janet is the premeire female entertainer . She commands the stage like no one else can . And yet she still is in contact with the audience -LRB- Somthing michael fails at -RRB- . Madonna could n't stage a show like this if her life depended on it . Janet stands alone as Queen of the stage .
 Simply an awesome 20 song blues collection by 20 classic artists -LRB- Muddy Waters , Willie Dixon , Hound Dog Taylor , etc. -RRB- from an Austrian label called Wolf Records .
 This is an amazing original gem . You will not be disappointed . I base my opinions , and they are mine , on the originality and quality of the songs on this cd . The quality of the songs is just mind boggling . The man has such a fantastic smooth voice that can take you away . The songs are pure and his voice resonates with charm and sincerity , which is rare to hear these days . The music represented here has also that very beautiful feeling of intimacy . I say this because some of the songs have that certain `` recorded with a tape recorder '' quality , which brings forth thatcertain closeness with the artist and the feelings he projects . Highly recommended ! Best reggae music that I have heard in a long long time . Very honest and beautiful music here . Reggae or not . It feels like discovering something new again ! Right on .
 I have been a Buddy Holly fan since I first heard him on the radio in my home town of Sydney , Australia.Whilst we heard all his songs , the main songs that is , it took many years , over 50 , for me to be able to access a detailed visual history of his life and times and friends.It was great to see the other players who worked with him in those days eg a very young Waylon Jennings.A brilliantly put together documentary , even my wife found it very interesting ! Although she got a bit sick of me falling asleep with the DVD player on and it defaulting to `` That 'll be the Day '' , in the early hours of the morning.A great contribution to those interested in the history and pioneers of Rock n Roll !
 I was very pleased with this DVD , my wife watched it with me and even though she is not as big a fan of Buddy and his music as I am , she said it was very good , and entertaining , and she learned a lot about Buddy and his music.I am pleased to add it to my collection of DVD 's and CD 's by Buddy Holly and the Crickets.Would highly recommend it to the loyal fan or someone just discovering Buddy!Rave ON !!!!
 This DVD contains an excellent set of interviews with key figures in the Buddy Holly story . There are one or two obvious omissions in terms of personnel , but with the perennial legal issues surrounding the Buddy Holly legacy , that is not surprising . The stories told by some of the participants are very familiar , but they lose nothing in the re-telling and others add valuable new glosses . To this reader , the most unexpectedly interesting is Charles Bunch , now no longer with us but here describing eloquently what it meant to be asked to play drums behind Buddy Holly . All in all , a welcome addition to any Buddy Holly/Crickets addict 's collection . My one criticism is the misleading way Amazon lists the DVD
 Very good nearly 2 hour documentary on Buddy Holly which interviews various participants in Buddy 's life with many photo 's to illustrate Buddy ` sstory as there is precious little film footage of Buddy in existence . 3 TV performances are included as a bonus-They are That 'll Be The Day - Peggy Sue From Ed Sullivan and Oh Boy from another show.Also included are an additional 20 minutes of interview as a bonus . Makes a good companion to the Real Buddy Holly Story DVD.A definite must for the Buddy Holly fan ,
 If you are a totally out of control Buddy Holly fan -LRB- like I am -RRB- , then this book is a `` must have '' for your library ! It adds a great deal of information about Buddy and his performances in England and is well written and researched with some great bibliographic information !
 The band `` Overkill '' listed on this album is not New York 's Overkill of Megaforce Records fame as the first review indicates . It is LA 's Overkill who were signed to SST Records in the early 1980 's .
 The second Metal Massacre compilation did n't introduce a legendary band like Metallica -LRB- Metal Massacre , Vol . 1 -RRB- or Slayer -LRB- Metal Massacre , Vol . 3 -RRB- , but it still unleashed a wave of impressive artists from the developing California metal scene.The biggest names featured on Metal Massacre II are Armored Saint and Overkill , both of which are -LRB- more or less -RRB- active to this day . The compilation also introduced cult metal favorites Obsession , Savage Grace and Warlord . The rest of the artists featured here either had one-album careers -LRB- 3rd Stage Alert , Trauma , Hyksos -RRB- or never released an album at all -LRB- Surgical Steel , Dietrich , Molten Leather , Aloha -RRB- . Trauma , of course , was Cliff Burton 's pre-Metallica band and Aloha -LRB- later Hawaii -RRB- featured Marty Friedman , pre-Megadeth . It 's not the game changer that Metal Massacre I was , but Metal Massacre II is still an important release in metal history . Between the bands that made it , and those that were never heard from again , Metal Massacre II is a great snapshot of the early 80 's power and thrash metal scene that Metal Blade played such a large role in establishing .
 Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov -LRB- 1859-1935 -RRB- was a pupil of Rimsky-Korsakov and his music shows the unmistakable imprint of his teacher . Colorful , cleverly orchestrated , exotic , Romantic music that is very easy on the ears is what Ippolitov-Ivanov composed in abundance . His music is rarely deep but is always a pleasure to listen to . This CD features a number of his best works that are not available elsewhere . The first two tracks feature his Opus 1 -LRB- Spring Overture -RRB- and Opus 2 -LRB- Symphonic Scherzo -RRB- , respectively . What 's not to like about these light and colorful pieces ? The Three Musical Tableaux from Ossian -LRB- tracks 3 , 4 , 5 -RRB- are wonderfully atmospheric and evocative ethnic works , true masterpieces of this genre . Ivanov 's masterful composition skills are amply demonstrated in this work , which even Rimsky-Korsakov himself could not have done better . The Jubilee March -LRB- track 6 -RRB- is an exciting romp , while the Armenian Rhapsody -LRB- track 7 -RRB- for violin and orchestra is a lovely piece of musical nationalism , given a very urgent performance by violinist Victor Simcisko . The final work , An Episode from the Life of Schubert -LRB- track 8 -RRB- , which features a tenor towards the end , is the closest you will get to emotionally compelling music by Ivanov , dealing with the death of Schubert so soon after that of Beethoven.All the works on this CD are performed splendidly by the Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra conducted by Donald Johanos . The digital recordings from 1993 sound great -LRB- if not quite `` demonstration '' quality -RRB- and the fact that this is a CD-R does not in any way detract from the sound quality . Given that this long out-of-print CD is now available brand new from Amazon at a cheap price , you would have to be foolish not to get it . Make sure you also pick up the recording of Ivanov 's Symphony No. 1 -LRB- Singapore Symphony/Hoey , a reissued Marco Polo CD -RRB- and the Naxos CD featuring the two Caucasian Sketches Suites plus other orchestral works -LRB- NSO of Ukraine/Fagen -RRB- . When you own this trilogy of Ippolitov-Ivanov albums , you will begin to appreciate just what a neglected master composer he was . Hopefully , we will soon see a revival of his other neglected works . Enjoy the music !
 I 've read countless reviews of this disc that claim that it is the worst disc Fates Warning has put out in their long and distinguished careers . My ears still do n't hear what everyone else is telling them to hear though ... The CD opens with the great dual guitar lead of Frank and Jim -LRB- Frank 's last album with the band -RRB- in _ Outside Looking In _ . This is one of the more typical prog songs that the band has written and , as an album Inside Out really does n't have many of those . _ Face the Fear _ has a similar sound but the only song on here that matches the progressive aspect of _ Out Looking In _ is _ Monument _ -LRB- which is a classic FW piece -RRB- . Now I 've stated that the album is not chock full of progressive goodness , so why does it get 5 stars ? Because every song on this disc is well written and performed at the highest level . The songs are cohesive -LRB- with little meandering like most progressive metal bands tend to do -RRB- and very tight . The lyrics , as with anything Jim Matheos touches , are great!The one thing that this album showcases that some FW fans miss a lot on the later releases is the dual guitar attack of Frank and Jim and while I also enjoy that style , in this reviewers humble opinion , Fates Warning has become a beast of a different kind that no longer requires that type of playing.If you dug Parallels you should also enjoy this album as long as you do n't believe every great album requires time changes and odd time signatures
 Fates Warning will -LRB- if they have n't allready -RRB- go down in history as one of Americas bets metal acts of all time . Forget about lables -LRB- prog , power , ... etc. -RRB- ... These guys can do it all . This album is a prime example of the ability of this band to always evolve and have it be an enjoyable experience.Commercial sell out ? NO WAY ! What are you all that say this -LRB- 15 years old pretendiing that good music needs to fit with in some kind of immature box -RRB- . The great thing about this band is that you can not fit them into any kind of box . If you like Fates Warning you will love this album . Let 's face it , Fates warning has the midas touch . Anything they have touched so far has been gold . Do yourself a favor and buy all things Fates Warning .
 Originally released in 1994 , Inside Out was the seventh album from progressive metal pioneers Fates Warning . The band , perhaps in response to the commercial success of Queensryche and Dream Theater at the time , seemed to go for a more accessible sound with this album . It 's still very progressive and technical , but the songs are more melodic and if not quite radio friendly , they 're at least easier on the ears for the non-initiated . You see that especially on songs like `` Outside Looking In , '' `` Shelter Me '' and to some extent `` Monument . '' I think the shift in direction works really well , especially as an introduction to Fates Warning.I 'm not going to spend too much time talking about the album itself . It 's old enough that most people know what it is and what it sounds like , and several other reviewers have covered its artistic merits quite well . I mostly wanted to weigh in on Metal Blade 's 2012 reissue of Inside Out , since no one else has touched on that aspect yet.This new version of Inside Out has been expanded to a whopping three discs . The first disc features the main album , newly remastered -LRB- and sounding freaking amazing -RRB- . The second disc features a dozen bonus tracks - five vintage live tracks and seven demo recordings . Disc three is a DVD with live clips of most of the Inside Out songs , the promotional videos released from the album and a whole host of extras . It 's a really nice addition to an already impressive reissue , and normally would be more than enough to push this 4-star album solidly into 5-star territory.The only complaint I have with this reissue is the packaging . It 's the seventh Metal Blade Fates Warning reissue , and already there have been five different packaging styles , this one the worst . It 's essentially a thin cardboard sleeve that not only looks cheap and disposable , but has the potential to scratch the discs when you try to remove them from their too-tight slots . A jewel/slipcase combo like they did forAwaken the Guardian -LRB- W/Dvd -RRB- would have been much better , and even the foldout digipack used forPerfect Symmetry -LRB- W/Dvd -RRB- -LRB- Exp -RRB- would have worked . Does n't Metal Blade realize that the people most interested in these reissues in the first place are serious collectors who want something durable and attractive on their shelves ? I guess not . Maybe for the A Pleasant Shade of Gray reissue -LRB- you know that one 's coming -RRB- they can just use a rubber band .
 I remember it like it was yesterday ... the summer of 1994 , and I was at my peak of Fates Warning worship . I knew they had just released a new CD , but had n't picked it up yet when I read the current issue of `` Metal Maniacs '' Magazine where there was a review of Inside Out ... The ` Metal Maniacs ' Inside Out review was VERY harsh , to say the least -- hurling insults mostly towards Jim and his abilites and badgering the band for their increasingly commercial sound.I reluctantly went and bought Inside Out anyway , thinking in the back of my mind ` it 's going to suck ' . When I popped that CD in ; from the word ` go ' it instantly became one of my all time favorite CD 's by ANY band and I just rebought a brand new copy of it almost 12 years later.Yes , compared to the previous Fates CD 's , there is a noticeable and deliberate mainstream approach to the songwriting -- but WHY IS THAT A BAD THING ??? I 'm not of the befief that bands should spend their whole careers catering towards 15 year old angry Metalheads or snooty Prog snobs.Not only that , but Jim 's songwriting is TOP NOTCH on this CD . The CD itself has a great flow from song to song also . If Inside Out would have received decent promotion , it could have competed with ANYTHING that was out in 1994 . It goes beyond how heavy it is , or how technical it is ... it 's a collection of great songs . People always praise `` Monument '' because it 's the most ` Fates Warning sounding ' thing on Inside Out ... but , I like the other tracks more -- the tracks that made me go `` I did n't know they had that in them '' . I also think that this is Ray 's finest vocal performance to date . He has power and tone for days , and even has enough control in his vocal technique to add some soulful ad libs . Good stuff.I still get a little annoyed when I look back on that Metal Maniacs review . It 's pretty clear to me that the reviewer was a fan of Awaken The Guardian/No Exit era FW and was bashing them for straying away from that sound . To make matters worse , the band members themselves -LRB- Jim and Mark in particular -RRB- eventually started bashing `` Inside Out '' in the press , as if they could n't stand behind their own work ... I found that very dissappointing.Anyway , if you want a bunch of headbanging noise , screaming vocals and evil riffs , then this is n't for you . If you want a bunch of long songs , with a bunch of odd time signatures , instrumental interludes and guys playing a lot of notes , then this is n't for you either ... But , if you like good music and great , solid Rock songwriting with Progressive tendencies ... Give Inside Out a shot .
 I believe the constant criticism this album gets is very unjust . Many fans do not even give this album a chance because it is accepted as their worst album by others and they just assume that it is not worth their time or money , I even doubt most of them have heard it . Yes , we do see Fates Warning taking to a slightly more `` commercial '' sound , completing what they hinted at with Parallels , but dont try and group this with other prog-metal commercial disasters like Savatage 's `` Fight For The Rock '' or Dream Theater 's `` Falling Into Infinity '' . Yes , we do see standard song structures here , but I do not see this as something that limits the band . Like always , the lyrics are very well-written and Mark Zonder gives a truely astonishing performance . We also see Ray Alder coming into his own as well , which is a good thing unless you liked his mexican version of Geoff Tate from the previous three albums.The album starts with the brillant progressive piece `` Outside Looking In '' , then moves to the catchy , straight forward , but awesome `` Pale Fire '' , next we hear `` The Strand '' which sounds almost like some sort of early 90 's alt-radio rock songbefore the ... odd chorus sets in . `` Shelter Me '' is much in the same vein as `` Pale Fire '' , then the epic `` Island In The Stream '' sets in . One could consider this a Silent Lucidity -LRB- Queensryche -RRB- clone if the song didnt run so long . `` Down To the Wire '' and `` Face The Fear '' are quite good although nothing really new . The instrumental `` Inward Bound '' was the highlight of the album for me , and after that is the triumphant `` Monument '' , one of the bands greatest artistic achievements ever and certainly the most acclaimed cut from the album . The record ends with the beautiful `` Afterglow '' . All in all , my only problem with the album is its length , come on guys 40 minutes of music is not enough especially considering some prog metal bands of today are releasing albums absolutely filled to the brim with almost twice this much material.If you enjoy Fates Warning albums like `` Perfect Symetry '' and `` Parallels '' I see no reason why you wo n't cherish this album as well . If you are a prog rock purist that cant go for anything that doesnt have 96 time changes and 57 notes per second I would avoid it and instead go for `` A Pleasant Shade of Gray '' or `` No Exit '' . Dont get me wrong , this is definitely a great progressive metal release , but it is without a lot of the musical wankery most prog metal fans have come to expect . I dig it , you should too .
 One of my favorite fates warning . Its much different then the others . Catchy tunes , like pale fire , shelter me . All in all , every song is good . Another good one is the parallel cd . Check it out
 Coming just after the much acclaimed `` Parallels '' album , `` Inside Out '' has gone under several comparisons with its predecessor . While not as groundbreaking and original as `` Parallels '' , `` Inside Out '' is not the dissapointment some people have accussed it to be . There are so many beautiful songs in here like `` Pale Fire '' , the opener `` Outside Looking In '' the progressive delerium of `` Monument '' which surprisingly enough is the most well known song on this album . Sure `` Inside Out '' has a much more easy feeling and a sense of lightness compared to `` Parallels '' but I would suggest people to view it as a different album and see it as a different musical offering . As such I consider it to be a fine album and a very rewarding buy .
 If you like the Parallels cd , then you will probably like this one too . Inside Out contains songs that , I think , could have easily been included on the Parallels disc , released three years previous . The production on this disc is kind of lacking in bass and depth , but the songs are just as beautiful as those on Parallels .
 I just had to write a review for this album since it only had an overall score of 3.5 stars . If you actually listen to this album , you can hear the meticulous structure of each song . This album is full of classics . I agree that the songs sound sometimes rushed but that only adds on to the beauty of each song . Take Pale Fire , Shelter Me , and Face the Fear for example . Those songs are the most powerful songs I have ever heard . I definitely rank this as an excellent album everybody needs to hear since it gets overlooked all the time .
 I had to write this review when I saw the average stars for this cd . I can not imagine why people can not enjoy this cd . It has some of the best drum work Mark Zonder has done with the band , and by far if I had to pick just one Fates song to listen to with out a doubt it would be MONUMENT !!! Do not even for a moment think this cd is a funk for the band . It was just as good as Parallels . Please I beg you listen to this CD before judging it , if you must listen to it again .
 Yeah it got a lot of radio friendly tunes but still this album is real good.Songs like the opening track , Monument & The Strand are the highlight of this album , FW never let down .
 A lot of people hate this album . I guess is because is of the softer more retrospective style . For me this album is great , far better than Paralles . As a painter and graphic artist is one of the albums a use to get in the mood to paint and create . You can find here some of the most personal and beautiful of the band 's songs like , Pale fire , Shelter Me , and Island in the Stream . Plus you get one of Fates 's most awesome progressive tracks - Monument . Overall an excellent production .
 This band once again pulls together great lryics with smooth flowing chops and full progression sound to rival your musical senses . This album is strong in the realm of proressive technical style ... gutsy rock with intraversed dynamic form and flow . . All around good song writing . This album was well comprised and produced ... I would recomend this to anyone who says they are a fan of progressive rock !
 -LRB- 3-1/2 stars -RRB- As 1994 approached , Fates decided to capitalize on the more commercial direction that _ Parallels _ took them -LRB- which had led them to their greatest commercial success yet -RRB- and put out this album , a moody , reflective , more balladic approach to the same pop-prog that Queensryche had briefly re-introduced into the mainstream on _ Empire _ . Indeed , its hard to separate the majestic `` Islands in the Stream '' from `` Silent Lucidity '' - complete with its orchestral strokes , its delicate acoustic arpegiated opening riff , and dreamlike tenor . Despite its derivative nature , its one of the best cuts on the album . The hooks on `` Shelter Me '' and opening cut `` The Strand '' are filling but somewhat empty , while awfully trite lyrics doom `` Down To The Wire '' from the very start . Unquestionably the triumvirate of `` Face the Fear '' , `` Inward Bound '' and the thrilling `` Monument '' -LRB- one of the best cuts Fates Warning ever wrote -RRB- indicate where this album could have gone without all the obvious commercial restraint . `` Afterglow '' is a nice finale , a moody piece of musical contrasts that ends rather abruptly , along with the album .
 Fates Warning 's Inside Out is hailed by a majority of their fans as one of the band 's weakest , if not the weakest album . I dont agree with this feeling.Inside Out is similar to Parallels , but generally lighter . The lyrics are more focused on euphoric feelings . Its a light progressive fans dream . If you like the melody and passion of No Exit , and the lighter feel of Parallels , this is the Fates Warning CD for you . But do not buy this CD if you expect Fates to bring the Metal , because they dont.Inside Out is my second Fav Fates , next to No Exit .
 Good lyrics , well written songs . I felt that some of the songs , such as `` Shelter Me '' , `` Pale Fire '' and `` Face the Fear '' were written for the mainstream , or more commercial audience . Certainly such tracks such as `` The Strand '' and `` Afterglow '' are moody , and better for it . A true classic is `` Island in the Stream '' . It starts off slow and when the bass kicks in ... boom ! What a powerful song , will give you chills up your spine . I find a true deepness in most of Fates Warning 's music . `` Monument '' is truly the definition of progressive metal , and a good showcase for Ray Alder 's vocal range . Lastly , tied perhaps for first place with `` Island '' , is my favorite song on the cd - `` Down to the Wire '' . When I jog and listen to this song , I 'm tearin ' up the road . Anyone that listens to these songs will find something that triggers some sort of memory , or past feeling . Is n't this what the imagery of music is all about ? If you are a FW fan , you would not be reading this review . You would KNOW that when a new FW cd comes out , you just get it . You do n't borrow your friend 's cd and make a copy -LRB- sacrilege ! -RRB- , you get your own . I got mine , every last one . Every one is different , and every one excellent .
 I 'm a DT fan since I first heard `` Pull Me Under . '' However , I 'd never heard any FW until FWX , thinking no prog/metal could possibly be anywhere near DT , so I did n't expand much beyond . That said , this stuff is really good , especially `` Monument '' which has that quality that will have me listening to it over and over for a long time . Buy this !
 I have read mixed reviews about this CD , but I have to give this CD five stars . I feel that the song writing and performance is very solid . Monument is probably the finest progressive rock tune I have ever heard . Mark Zonder displays a talent on drums that I feel is unmatched by any other . The Strand is an awesome track that really showcases Ray Alders ' range and emotion . Jim Matheos shines as always ... Bottom line , This is a must have album for fans of Fates Warning and the progressive rock genre .
 I just had to write a review for this album since it only had an overall score of 3.5 stars . If you actually listen to this album , you can hear the meticulous structure of each song . This album is full of classics . I agree that the songs sound sometimes rushed but that only adds on to the beauty of each song . Take Pale Fire , Shelter Me , and Face the Fear for example . Those songs are the most powerful songs I have ever heard . I definitely rank this as an excellent album everybody needs to hear since it gets overlooked all the time .
 Fates Warning continues to push the envelope . They blend melodic riffs with bone crushing symmetry for that just right mix . This albulm is miles ahead of shades ... If you like Dream Theater or Queensryche , this is a must for your collection ... Its your Fate ...
 THIS ALBUM RULE`S . ALL FATE`S WARNING MUSIC IS AWESOME , THAT GUY DOWN BELOW , WHO SAID THIS IS THE WORST ALBUM HE EVER HEARD ? WELL , HE OBVIOUSLY DOES N`T KNOW REAL MUSIC . -LCB- He must be a wan na be ? -RCB- RAY ALDERS VOCAL RANGE`S ARE INCREDIBLE !!! MARK ZONDER AWESOME ON DRUMS ... . JIM MATTEOS BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY OF STRINGS ... do yourself a favor buy this cd.and all the other one ` s Awaken The GUARDIAN ~ my favorite all time Fate ` s album NO EXIT another great one ! FATES WARNING RULES ...
 Much has been made of Mosaic 's dedication to marketing top notch products when it comes to audio restoration , documentation , packaging etc. . Well , let me tell you
 Thanks to Mosaic for bringing out this limited edition of wonderful music to keen Jazz fans plus great booklet full of photos and information .
 The Freddie Slack collection is especially well assembled . It 's great to hear these tracks again , particularly his work with Margaret Whiting .
 For lovers of Big Band Boogie-Woogie style music there is a great deal to savor here . But , there is some straight-ahead swing , blues and vocal pieces as well . Too bad it 's out of print and so costly now . Enjoy !
 I enjoyed listening to Big Wheeler . He played his harmonica and sang like the old Delta blues I grew up with . Thumbs up !
 This CD appears under at least two other entries on the present website -LRB- there is yet another one , but the labelling is very dubious -RRB- . See my -LRB- positive -RRB- review underMalipiero
 This CD is annoited . It is upbeat and it ministers . My favorite is `` Never Let Go Your Hand . '' When I first listened I was not impressed , but I went back and begin to listen to each song and fell in love with this CD .
 This CD was actually Better than I expected . i was actually expecting it to sit on my shelf for months until I feel like hearing it , but I like this CD . He has a very coulful style . A slight downfall for me was that there was a lot of rapping . i am not really into the rapping thing , but it was n't too bad . I think my favorite song is `` You Are '' A song where he 's expressing how he feels about Jesus to Jesus . it 's a nice song . This is a very worshipful song , and he brings some of his worship to a church atmosphere with just the piano playing in the background -LRB- and the piano player is BAD , boy ! WHOO ! -RRB- , so that added to something that I liked , most definetly . He did some teasing . In some of the tracks , they 'd start out with like a Spanish beat , and then he 'd mix it into a hip hop style . When I 'd be expecting the song to have a salsa feel , he switches it up . NOT FAIR ! lol . i was surprised at how well his voice was . And I was madd elated because some of the things he did , harmony wise , were things I would have done chillin ' in the backyard with my cousins . So i like him vocally , as well . i am glad I bought this CD . It was well worth the money .
 I was thouroughly surprised when I purchased this cd . I came across it as I was purchasing something else , and was not disappointed at all . Izzy covers all of the current genres of music from the easy listening to the ` Shakira ' thing ... It is a good listen ... I was especially impressed with is cover of Heaven by BeBe Winans.I recommend it to those who like a change from the norm in Inspirational/Gospel music .
 I had to priviledge to get to know Izzy while he was recording his album in orlando , FL . He is an extremely talented and anointed young man . Most of all he is a christian behind the scenes and in his real everyday life . His production is super hot and his lyrics are uplifing . I hope that everyone who listens to his samples will buy the album and support my boy . You did it Izzy !
 I think Izzy is very talented and I 'm glad he 's using his talent for Kingdom music . I did n't always feel like he gave his all in every song but the lyrics were great and a few songs really caught my ear . I ca n't say that it 's my favorite cd , but I think it 's a great way to round out any Christian 's cd collection . I hope to see more from this artist .
 wow - very cool voice , masculine & not sing-songy like most r & b - I love the texture of his voice & just the anointing that flows from the simple harmonies & melodies - this is a very cool c.d. makes me feel proud that so many Christian artists are steppin ' up their game like this ! GET THIS CD !!!
 I think this is a refreshing cd with nice versatility . Great Voice and great production .
 I 'd never heard of Izzy before but I am so glad that I found this CD . It is soulful and straight from the heart . You can hear his love and passion for God on every track . The musicians featured on the CD are also great . He has an awesome testimony , check out his bio on his site -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This cd was like a carpet that was pulled under me suddenly without warning . I was at first afraid to get this cd but my fears were swept away by this awesome debut . Like his cd cover it reveals alot about the cd COOL , SLICK AND LAYED BACK . . this Man can sing . his tracks are neo soul ... it kinda reminds me of DWELE ... the same style the only big diffrence is that IZZY can SANG makes it even more better ... but enough talk go get this rare cd ... YES . . BEG , BORROW and do n't give it back ... GO GET THIS CD ... NOW !!!!
 tracks are ; 1 . Into Each Life Some Rain Must Fall ,2 . To Each His Own ,3 . Blueberry Hill ,4 . With My Eyes Wide Open I 'm Dreaming ,5 . When The Saints Go marching In ,6 . I 'll Get By ,7 . I 'd Climb The Highest mountain ,8 . When My Dreamboat Comes Home ,9 . The Gypsy ,10 . You Always Hurt The One You Love ,11 . Whispering Grass ,12 . Making Believe ,13 . I Do n't Want To Set The World On Fire ,14 . It 's A Sin To Tell A Lie ,15 . I 'm Confessin That I Love You , .16 . There Goes My Heart ,17 . Marie ,18 . Love Is Strange ,19 . My Prayer ,20 . Just In Case You Change Your Mind ,21 . Little Coquette ,22 . Stone Cold Dead In The Market ,23 . Until The Real Thing Comes Along ...
 One of my favourite In the Woods ... album . Black Melancholic Metal at its best .
 If one were compiling a list of all-time greatest punk/new wave LP 's -LRB- or , if you prefer , CD 's -RRB- , `` Ghosts of Princes in Towers '' may not be an obvious choice . You have to dig a bit deeper to discover this underrated jem , but it 's well worth the search.What initially drew my attention to the band was former Pistols ' bassist/songwriter Glen Matlock . Unlike Sid , whose many talents included self-destruction , alleged murder , and dying young , Matlock was a skilled tunesmith who could actually tune and play his instrument . His contributions to the Sex Pistols are often overlooked . For that matter , so are his contributions to The Rich Kids . Hell , the band in general has been criminally passed over for years . But this was a collective effort , to be sure . Future Ultravox vocalist and solo artist Midge Ure and guitarist Steve New also helped with songwriting duties.You can hear a variety of styles here , including powerpop , new wave , punk and straight-ahead rock 'n roll . You 'd think that such a mixed bag would make for an uneven record , but such is not the case . If anything , it 's more consistent than alot of higher profile punk/new wave LP 's from the time . The comparassons to the later Damned seem pretty right on . The Buzzcocks also come to mind.I would n't say that Mick Ronson 's production is `` muddy '' . Perhaps `` overblown '' is a more accurate description . He goes a bit crazy with the reverb on many of the tracks , especially the drums . I would have preferred a dryer , punchier sound . But that 's just me . Regardless , this is a classic .
 The unfortunate reality for this fantastic album is that it was pretty much killed by the press labeling The Rich Kids as being a new ` super group ' - pretty much the kiss of death -LRB- take a look at Visage as well -RRB- . The Ghosts single was fantastic and with ` only arsenic ' as a equally strong B-side , many thought that the Kids were on their way ... but ... no matter how GREAT the album was , it was set up to fail by the hype . Is the sound muddy ? Yes it is ... the band sounds fairly ` loose ' on some of the tracks and there are a abundance of guitar overdubs that contribute to the thickness of the sound wall as well as to the muddiness ... It almost sounds to me like they did a lot of ping pong guitar overdubs -- a lot of doubling -- it can be difficult to mix , expecially with the available technology of the time -LRB- listen to how clean Catherine Wheel sounds with a dozen guitar tracks per song -RRB- ... . All this being said , this album belongs right next to your copy the Machine gun Etiquette and The Crack by the Ruts .
 Every track on this album is gold . It feels a lot like The Damned during their transistion from punk to goth , the Black Album era , to be specific . I 'd have to say this is the second best punk album to ever come out of Britain , if not the best.I do n't know what the other guy is talking about when he says that the production is muddy , I think it 's excellent , but perhaps he 's used to overproduced albums like Combat Rock.Fun fact
 This is a sadly underrated album , which is virtually unknown in America . Ghosts of Princes in Towers -LRB- the song -RRB- is by itself worth buying the C.D. for ... The music is power pop with a little punk thrown in for good measure ... Other highlights include Empty Words , Rich Kids -LRB- the song -RRB- , and Lovers and Fools . . Had a couple of U.K. singles on it ... Rich Kids , Marching Men , and Ghosts ... The production as the previous reviewer has pointed out has been cleaned up ... Well worth it . .
 Ever since I became hooked on the song `` Lovers and Fools '' from college radio back in the mid-80 's , I have searched for material from the Rich Kids . Although the original mix was muddy sounding , Cheery Red Records did its best to clean it up the sound of their debut album . This high energy material conjures up comparisons to the Buzzcocks and a bit of The Damned . Do n't worry , Midge Ure 's vocals are still able to penetrate the slightly muffled production of the material .
 After the Sex Pistols were thrown off EMI , Glen Matlock quit the Sex Pistols . EMI were so keen on Matlock 's songwriting abilities , they had to have him back and signed the Rich Kids . Some years ago , EMI had made a particular recording of the Beatles and lost it . Then they made a documentary on how they 'd lost it and won an award for the documentary . EMI made a wonderful live recording of the Rich Kids and promptly lost it too . No word as yet on the forthcoming documentary . Part of this live recording is available as one of the b-sides on this CD , ` Here Come The Nice ' , originally recorded by The Small Faces in the mid - '60s . This song was released as the b-side of the Rich Kids ' ` Marching Men ' single . Another bonus track on this CD , 'Em pty Words ' , was released as the b-side of the Rich Kids ' first single , ` Rich Kids ' -LRB- originally a red-vinyl 7 '' -RRB- . The final bonus track on this CD , ` Only Arsenic ' , was released as the b-side of the Rich Kids ' final single , ` Ghosts Of Princes In Towers ' , released as the band had all but split . To put the Rich Kids ' career -LRB- somewhat -RRB- in perspective , as the Sex Pistols were doing their 'S . P.O.T.S. ' tour of England , the Rich Kids were gigging and recording their album . As the Sex Pistols were touring America and spitting -LRB- and splitting -RRB- up , the Rich Kids were touring England and putting out another single . Before Johnny Rotten 's PiL had released a single or played a gig , the Rich Kids had split up for good . Some demos for a second album , which , after hearing them , would undoubedtly have been a pretty poor follow-up , have been made and are available -LRB- in part -RRB- on ` The Best Of The Rich Kids ' and -LRB- originally -RRB- ` Burning Sounds ' . One of the demos , ` Ambition ' , was -LRB- much -RRB- later recorded by Glen Matlock for The Philistines ' 2005 album ` On Something ' . This album is incredible and should be sought out immediately by those reading this . Glen 's '80s output was a bit irregular , due to short-lived bands , alcohol use and stints with Iggy Pop and Johnny Thunders . The '90s livened up considerably Glen 's 1996 solo album and singles , the on-and-off Sex Pistols reunion -LRB- which continues to this day
 Songs Include :1 . Strange One2 . Hung on You3 . Ghosts of Princes in Towers4 . Cheap Emotions5 . Marching Men - The Rich Kids , Ure , Midge6 . Put You in the Picture - The Rich Kids , Ure , Midge7 . Young Girls - The Rich Kids , Ure , Midge8 . Bullet-Proof Lover9 . Rich Kids10 . Lovers and Fools - The Rich Kids , Ure , Midge11 . Burning Sounds
 Great band . Great pop album . Produced by Mick Ronson . Midge Ure was the wrong choice for lead vocalist ; Glen should have had the confidence to carry this record ; I 'm sure it would have been taken a lot more seriously by the press as Ure 's last band was the horrible bubble gum POP band Slik . Never mind , its worth $ 17 of anyone 's money to be sure . Strange One is brilliant , and Marching Men is all over the world ... Rocking Russian design ... man , you ca n't go wrong . A real slice of London New Wave . GO . BUY !!
 One can never argue with great piano playing , performances inspired transcending the actual music , Beyond the Four Corners of the Page.What can one say for the modern piano and what has become of it ? The continuing violence of the century of the turmoils and deep rooted hatreds that still exist throughout the populace spills toward the productions of culture.Here we see mostly the pummeled piano , perhaps in its post-electronic manifestations , resounded just about to death , perhaps the repression of the aesthetic living in exile makes for the hysteric . At least Lacan would admit this ; -LRB- the subvesive is always a step from the hysteric -RRB- ; or is it the vigours of modernity itself never allowed to realize itself , co-opted , forced to jump through market hoops ? that forces composers to go after the juggler.The music here however is accessible , there are no alienation schemes at work , perhaps most of the music herein suggests some darkness that have yet to resolved themselves , itselves from the modernist , or after modernist paradigm . Viver 's `` Shiraz '' is quite powerful , Shiraz was the Persian capital at the foothills of the Zagros Mountains of the Zand dynasty . Here the music does n't let you go , rolling in encapsulated violence . You can not say it belongs to any school , perhaps Xenakis is the closest reference here . The piece packs a punch , not quite a professional boxer 's punch perhaps a composer 's . Likewise Elliott Sharp 's `` Suberrebus '' ; `` rebus '' is Latin for `` Things '' , so perhaps `` below things '' , the darknesses , tunnels of New York City. ; his is an incredibly free-standing work , full of raw combustible energy , unfinished scaling all the registers of the piano , yet again its musical language does not suggest anywheres to go , it is fully contained within itself.This is the best piece of Sharp I 've heard , Uusually his music scales too far into the self-indulgent side . Here the piano solo has its own sets of problematics that he realizes quite nicely . I 'd like to hear this work live , it would be even more powerful ; resonding , resonanting.The Gervasioni piece is very gently beautiful , deeply lyrical . He crafts and hones his music very well , lapidarian , like a diamond cutter , very sparce , threadbare , very Italian for his generation . The music begins in the upper tinckly register of the piano and slowly descends , yet it is not rushed it takes its own time of where it wants to go . But you become swept away by the evocations/invocations of the well-crafted selected intervals.And Kampela 's work as well , the `` Nosturnos '' owes nothing to the minimal cause although that might be your first impression , look a little deeper ; in that it/he finds his own voice , allowing the intervals to speak for themselves . The music takes the time necessary to convey this.The Nordschow engages gratuitously in an old pointillism that seems to be still with us , like a lingua franca , this could have been the young Boulez , but here there is less anxiety , and more freedom , like he is simply trying this musical language to see if it still holds something to exploit . Still the over all freedoms scouring all registers of the piano is thrilling , exciting in an unpretencious way.Ligeti , these three `` etudes '' are from the more reflective Third Book , the `` White on White is missing another one that took the break-neck speed of Book 2 to slow down the set ; All these Etudes are part now of the repertoire for all pianists.The indebtedness to Conlon Nancarrow is not always apparent , but Ligeti always had this affinity for `` musical automata '' , all his works exhibit this content . I suppose you need to learn all of them if you want to keep up with selling yourself as a modern pianist these days . I grow bored with these `` Etudes '' you hear them once and they exhaust their own constitution , long before the work is over . More pummeling again , deeply accessible . Ligeti is a genius enough to know his materials and does impart a means for their own longevity.This Book 3 Etudes redeems the others.All the playing is incredible , wonderful clean and energized piano playing , clean and precise , yet the irrational content of the music is given what it needs .
 This album is truely amazing . The songs are catchy , the lyrics are funny yet full of truth , and her voice is awsome . The songs are full of crude humor as she talks extensively about drinking and sex . Somehow though , even a more conservative girl like me can grow to loooove her music . The reason is because of how deep her lyrics can be , even though , at a first lisen , it might not appear that way . Her songs can range from very funny like , The World is Full of Bastards , which almost any girl can relate to , and guys laugh about , and Mata Hari , about a fake and slutty girl to more somber like Takes His Place , about relationships never working out . Her songs speak to everyone as she speaks about messing up in life and about bad relationships . Everyone needs to get this cd , support lil local bands ... also see her in concert , that is the most amazing experience !
 Mary Prankster is the best music I have happened upon in the last few years . Roulette Girl is tamer than Blue Skies Over Dundalk , but the MP magic is there . Buy this album . ^_^
 Ms. Prankster has proven to herself and the world that she is not a wacky one-CD wonder . She is a superb musician and a way funny lyricist . She smiles coyly as she sings on topics from Mata Hari 's men to her years in the Anne Arundel County public school system . And she lets her guitar do her talking . You Rock , Sister .
 After listening to Mary 's first release , Blue Skies Over Dundalk , I thought it could n't get any better than that . Well , Mary has proven me wrong . Roullete Girl is a half hour of deeply emotional yet still witty songs . Anyone with a pulse should own this album .
 I heard Mary `` ride shotgun '' as a guest on the morning show at Annapolis , MD alternative/modern rock station 99.1 FM - WHFS . A great music and very fun station in the D.C. area if you are ever in town.Mary was just hillarious . Her comments were good . She was funny , relaxed , and not out of control . But you had the feeling she could be , if she wanted to.They played a couple of tracks off her album and it was good.I bought her first album a short time later . It was easy to find for sale on the Internet . Much easier than driving to a record store and paw through racks for half an hour . When it arrived , I had the best time listening to it . Mary 's music sounds good , and her lyrics make you laugh.She has a natural ability to just spin out these songs like a story-teller just spins out their yarns . You get the feeling that if you went out drinking with her and her friends on a Saturday night , as you walked from bar to bar she would just start making up and singing these songs ... She sounds like she is really having fun and is really good at it.Probably because she really is having fun and is really good at it.The band has its own web site with the same name as the band and there you can always find the latest upcoming and recent performance information . I saw them perform May 5 , 2000 after midnight in Ocean City on my birthday.Mary was incredible . She was dressed in a sleeveless black top , tight red leather pants - and a matching red V-shaped guitar . She sang and played for almost a couple of hours . I have never had so much fun at a rock concert in my life - and I have been to quite a few.Her lyrics are pretty much the kind of language little kids use on playgrounds when adults are n't around , college kids use in their dorms , and we adults do n't use around either of them . : - -RRB- So do n't buy this album for any little kids because you will wind up hearing them sing the lyrics all the time ! It 's great to play at parties or when you are hanging with your friends or driving to work.When I played this at a party of a friend of mine 's , he played it 3 more times in a row - the whole album - right after that . I 'd never seen anyone do that with any album . But you know , it did n't get old . I thought he was going to make me leave it there . I escaped with it only after making the pledge to order him a copy of the album when I got home - and that is why I am on Amazon right now .
 I happened upon this group when I went out to see Jimmy 's Chicken Shack at the Chameleon Club in Lancaster , PA. . I was n't expecting much from the opening act , but was blown away by not only Mary 's powerful stage presence , but the wicked lyrics and wham-bam rock chords.In fact , I was so impressed by the band that I bought one of their CD 's -- not something I usually do at a show.Was I ever glad I did . And I 've been exposing Mary to every friend that I know -- friends who live everywhere from Toronto to San Francisco to Sydney , Australia.EVERYONE MUST TAKE A LISTEN TO THIS DISC!The lyrics , the variation of theme and musical sound , change from song to song , but there is a certain `` smartness '' about them that resonates from the first funky tune to the last goodbye.I 'm a big fan of smart people and this group is up there . Coupled with very groovable tuneage -- you 've got an explosive CD that will stay in your player for a long time.Buy this disc .
 Mary Prankster may offend the meek ... but they can go elsewhere , 'cause Mary scores another hit . It 's great !
 her CD is far from bitter trust me . The lyrics -LRB- language wise -RRB- are tamer then her last CD and the sound varies a lot more -LRB- mainly because they 've been together longer as a band now -RRB- but different definatly does NOT mean bad . This cd rocks .
 After listening to Mary 's first release , Blue Skies Over Dundalk , I thought it could n't get any better than that . Well , Mary has proven me wrong . Roulette Girl is a half hour of deeply emotional yet still witty songs . Anyone with a pulse should own this album .
 Roulette girl is the album of the year . The lyrics are catchy and you want to repeat them over again . Best of all , 10 new tracks for listening enjoyment . Mary has shown us that anything can be accomplished .
 Worry that Mary Prankster might be a `` one hit wonder '' is decidedly dispelled with the phenomenal creative diversity displayed in her new , `` Roulette Girl '' CD . She has weaved haunting strings , jazz , as well as gospel throughout her beautifully crafted lyrics and melodies . I loved `` Blue Skies over Dundalk . '' `` Roulette Girl '' ? I love it better !
 Roulette Girl shows why they are called the power trio with fast , powerful songs . Mary Prankster and the whole band are the GREATEST band still to be playing clubs . They are so good I am still surprised they are not nationally known . I will do my part and spread their music . Everyone I have let listen to my Mary Prnakster CDs have love them and I know you will too .
 In this CD , we can find eleven examples of gongeour music of Pepi Strauss . The three waltzes are amazing and very interesting masterpieces . The polkas are very charmimg and piquant -LRB- mainly Die Amazone , and En Passant -RRB- . Josef proved that he was , by far , more gifted than Johann . Aplause to him !
 As a sensitive person with eclectic tastes it 's easy to be impressed by Animal Dreams . It 's full of original , creative surprises that restore faith in the existence of musicians courageous enough to speak with their own voice , from something deeper and broader than a desire for popularity . You ca n't find this CD at the music store nearest you but fortunately it 's available here . I recommend Animal Dreams and Ron Newman as a musician worth listening to .
 I like this CD because when I listen to this I feel very much relaxed . The sound is not noisy or metalic but contains human feeling and natural feeling . The sound of some of music in this CD represents Americal culture to some extent . This indicates that this CD is also humanistic . Any art should have culture whether national or of tribe . Because this is more relaxing music I prefer listening this at night when I come back home from the work to doing in morning . I think that the composer will compose more variety of this kind of music .
 i am an austrian girl who got to know ron last summer in yellowstone . several times i had the chance to go for a hike with him , which i enjoyed every time . i got to know him as a very , very interesting , understanding , marvellous person . when i listened to some of his tracks now from his latest album , i was very impressed and recognised again that he is even a very , very talented musician - usually i do not listen to classical music , rather to seattle rock , hard rock whatever . so it is very impressing to myself that i really enjoyed this classical track . ron - you are my favourite -LRB- please forgive all my mistakes but as mentioned in the first sentence - i am austrian -RRB-
 Ron 's playful and probing musicality emerges in this album with the no-holds-barred clairvoyance I came to expect after he wrote and performed two film scores for me . I find him to be a certifiable , bonafide talent -- one of life 's genuine little treasures secreted away in the mountains of Montana . In a way I am -LSB- selfishly -RSB- sorry to hear his album is realizing such widespread success -- I was kind of hoping to keep him all to myself .
 Mysterious jazz that rolls into the imaginary worlds of a Native American dance , a smokey Nashville nightclub , a cruise with the whales ... hints of Paul Consort with a crisp and haunting classical foundation , a journey through the 20th Century ... and back again into the lonely Montana night where Ron strolls with star gazing abandon .
 I had been a Marc fan for some time , emphasis on the past tense because his output became so repetitively prodigious that somewhere circa Fantastic Star I threw in the towel . -LRB- I mean , who has that kind of room on their cd shelves ? And just how many albums can you release with the word Star in the title ? -RRB- I picked this up because I 'm a huge Antony fan and love `` Ballad of the Sad Young Men . '' M&A do a good job on it -LRB- although it 's nowhere near as focused or ultimately arresting as Anita O'Day 's read -RRB- , but I was even more pleasantly surprised with the unexpected excellence of the rest of the disc . The covers are surprisingly sharp , often unexpected and exceedingly well-chosen -LRB- love the resurrection of the Barry Ryan and especially the Dana Gillespie - perhaps he 's saving `` Were n't Born a Man '' for a b-side ? -RRB- . Best surprise ? The one original damn near outshines the lot . Welcome back , Marc !
 As a fan of Soft Cell , I 've always viewed Almond 's solo albums as hit or miss . He 's dabbled in many musical styles , always with mixed results . Naturally , I approached the new album with caution , unsure if I should buy it or not . I 'm glad I did . He returns to the sound he did so successfully on `` The Stars We Are '' and even updates it a bit here and there with the occasional synth or strange mixing effect . The album starts off strong with `` I Have Lived '' and even though he did n't write it , it seems poignantly personal after his motorcycle accident and subsequent recovery . In fact , most of the songs on the album cover themes that Almond has always been fond of which , strangely , makes it almost feel like an album of originals . There are only a couple of songs that I do n't care for , like the plodding `` London Boys '' and `` Backstage -LRB- I 'm Lonely -RRB- '' . I really , REALLY want to hate `` Kitsch '' but it 's so damn catchy I can almost forgive the over-produced , bombastic arrangement -LRB- complete with a bizarre `` Also Sprach Zarathustra '' ending -RRB- . Almost . I suppose if you 're going to do a song called `` Kitsch '' you might as well make it hammy . The album 's single original , `` Redeem Me -LRB- Beauty Will Redeem The World -RRB- '' is a fantastic song and , even though Almond has sworn to only record covers , shows that he 's still got great songwriting chops as well . His vocals are surprisingly in top form and I only noticed him going flat on maybe two notes over the course of the entire album . All in all a wonderful piece of work .
 Yes ! Britain ! You have a bona fide genius on your hands named Marc Almond . All of his stuff should be 5 stars . What a song cycle this talented person has produced over the decades . And this new cd containingcovers of mostly 60 's songs is another gem . One that a person will be returning to for a long time to come . Kudos Marc , for doing Happy Heart , Petula and Andy would be proud of you . The Ballad of All the Sad Young Men is out of this world with that backing vocal , psychologically profound . Let 's face it the kid knows how to do duets ... ie Gene Pitney , Jimmy Sommerville , Kelly -LRB- almost diamonds -RRB- Ali . . etc. . Then there 's Dusty Springfield 's I Close My Eyes and Count to Ten , need we say more . And were London Boys evermore bad and beautiful that in the Bowie cover ? Take Me ! Then there is Dream Lover Marc 's salute to the great performance artist Bobby Darin , how super . Hyperbien ! pardon my hillbilly French . One does not even need to Know who Charles Aznavour is to appreciate the opening cut . I ca n't believe I 've written all this and still have n't touched on the masterpiece , Strangers in the Night . Buy the cd and find out for yourself . You 'll be glad you did !
 this was by far their best and what true voivod was about , the best songs are voivod , blower -LRB- from a metal massecre comp -RRB- , suck your bone and nuclear war they all are good , get killing technology next then roooaarrr i met these guys they are all great the new album with jason newsted is good too but get the first three first in the order i said then get the others my first experiene of voivod was when i was nine and saw their video clouds in my hosue on the show liquid television back in 92 remember that plus voivod headed one of the best concerts of all time world war 3 with the likes of possessed , celtic frost -LRB- who are coming back -RRB- , destruction -LRB- who are still good live -RRB- and nasty savage -LRB- who are still great live -RRB- in 1985 wish i was there well get this album along with ones by the bands i mentioned earlier ones only now they have jason newsted of flotsam and jetsam and metallica in there note he was not on this album it was blacky and yes i knew about them before he was in check the first three out and then get the new one then get the rest with snake also check them out live they are still great suck your bone !!!!!!!!!!!
 From the openning shrieks of `` Voivooooooooodddd ... '' to the distinctive odd-beat of closing `` Nuclear War '' this is a great recording . Maybe its just me but I hear some musical influences from Motorhead to vocal nods to Rob Halford in the mix ... all wondrous stuff w/superb musicialship by the Players and well constructed songs with good hooks and distinctive rythms not all sounding ... lots of variety and tempo . Powerful raw production cuts like a razor . Excellent .
 The 1st release by this gut-chomping Canadian metal band establishes the boundaries of where this band is headed . While the sound -LRB- recorded primitively for next to nothing -RRB- could use some adjustments , it still serves the Motorhead-like , nihilistic mood of this atmospheric album . Bracing listening , no doubt . From the 1st screeches of blistering guitar on `` Voivod '' to the anthem-like crunch of the title track , `` War and Pain '' is a listening experience unlike no other . This band had nowhere else to go but up .
 wow i was having war and pain but i have buy it because for the demos and and of course the clip thanks to metal blade
 This is probably the best Voivod album ever . Being their first it is definitely a far cry from their later progressive work . It 's raw power is still enjoyable to this day , although it is a bit dated . Word on the street is that a 3 disc War and Pain box set is forthcoming . Long live Voivod !
 I must assume that if your interested in Voivod 's , `` War And Pain '' , then you must know something about real heavy metal.Their debut album way back from 1984 is an undeniable classic . Early Voivod was something completely different , but if you were into bands like Slayer , Venom and Kill 'em All era Metallica , You most likely would like Voivod . `` War And Pain '' is a brutal record . All the crazy riffs , the thundering bass , nuclear drumblasts and bloodcurdling vo-kills carry you into the land of the Voivod . A warrior vampire-lord with a lust for death . This album is all killer and no filler.But , do n't forget , there are 3 cd 's . The `` War And Pain '' album , a live demo recording from 1984 , which , if you appreciate real history , you will not mind the sound of the live disc . In my opinion , it 's one of the heaviest things I 've heard . And , a bonus disc for your computer which has a video , pics , art , lyrics and more.You can not go wrong by buying the first album . Hardcore all the way ! This 3 cd set is a good buy and I bet will be hard to find one day so get it while you can !
 Canada has a fine Rock and Metal tradition , but there seems to be something about the frozen North which seems to warp the minds of musicians a little . Canada 's greatest export , Rush , forged a reputation for producing highly imaginative Progressive Rock with a hint of the unusual , even for the experimental world of Prog Rock.Voivod did the same with Thrash Metal . These four twisted musicians produced one of the oddest albums of Thrash 's early days . While Metallica and Slayer were content to play it straight and fast , Voivod seemed to make things deliberately difficult for themselves on ` War And Pain ' , opting for a complex and choppy songwriting style . Playing at a speed where it would be easy to trip and stumble , the band does n't miss a note . Think it sounds easy ? Check Possessed or early Celtic Frost for examples of bands playing too fast for their own good then.Title track `` War And Pain '' for example mixes up several riffs , which seem to tumble past like a rockslide , and are bridged together by guitar solos or rumbling drum fills , all the while Snake shouts blank verse lyrics of the horrors of war over it all . Sounds complex ? It 's the most straightforward song on the album.Piggy was an incredibly underrated guitarist . Most bands of the time went for a twin guitar line , either to cover for lack of ability or to fill in holes when playing fast . Piggy carried all the guitar duties on his own . He possessed a killer chainsaw tone which cut red raw to the bone , and was able to slip effortlessly from rhythms to solos and back again . This album avoids double tracking the guitars , so during solos the rhythm drops out and is picked up by Blacky on bass . The galloping rhythmic pattern of the final track `` Nuclear War '' features countless guitar/bass interchanges , and it is difficult to keep up with who is playing what.It 's not just the music which is unusual . Vocalist Snake invented the Voivod , a creature that lives in a violent , dark cyber world , and is fond of torture and killing . The Voivod continued to pop up on subsequent albums . Snake 's lyrics use simplistic words to express complex themes , probably because of the band 's French Canadian heritage , where English is only a secondary language.At a time when Speed Metal bands were stealing Iron Maiden and Judas Priest riffs to impress their fans , Voivod blew them all away with a raw and truly original Thrash creation . Unfortunately , most Metal fans in 1984 were n't prepared for such experimentation , and ` War And Pain ' remains a forgotten pearl cast before undeserving swine .
 I managed to pick this up when it was brand new , first released for the rediculously low price of $ 11.99 factory sealed from a large chain store . I have owned this album on cassette for years , and boy did I snag this at the right time . This box set is awesome , and one heck of a value . The difinitive War and Pain set.Disc one contains the 9 tracks of war and pain-remasted and sound just as crisp and raw/fresh as the day they were layed down.Then-Voivod added live songs from their first show ANACHRONISM-tracks 10,11,12 . Next , they added the Metal Massacre 5 sessions for track 13 , 14 , and 15 . Disc two
 Canada has given the world three of the most phenomenal musical acts
 It took me quite a while before I realized that I liked this album . What at first seemed like a completely haphazard blur of thrashing guitars , drums and screams , grew over several listenings into a coherent whole . I think the reason that they sounded so raw and unfocused at the time was that they were helping to pave the way , and there were few other bands to compare the sound to . The best cuts are probably the title track , Voivod , Blower and Warriors of Ice . If you enjoy any sorts of thrash or death metal , give this album a couple of listenings , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed.If you enjoyed later Voivod albums this may not be your cup of tea . There are few similarities between their early stuff -LRB- War & Pain , RRROOOAAARRR , Killing Technology -RRB- and their later stuff -LRB- Nothingface , Angel Rat , etc. -RRB- several of which I have not even listened to .
 I 've never been a huge fan of Voivod , but I was pleasantly surprised by this album . Very raw and over-the-top , with raspy vocals and plenty of energy . I 'll definitely be checking out some of their other stuff as well , as this one is really growing on me ...
 Voivod has always seemed to be a bit strange to me . When I was younger I could n't stand this album . In fact , I did n't know why I got it . About a year ago I placed this album in my truck and I was blown away . This album is thrash in its rawest form . The way the singer growls and snarls is amazing ! They could almost be qualified as early death metal based on this album . Favorite tracks are Voivod , War and Pain , Nuclear War , Live for Violence . A unique debut but good . Later these guys would go on to pioneer the genre of prog metal . These guys were way ahead of their time .
 1984 was the year that speed/thrash metal became the new black , and in Canada , the label Banzai was imprinted on the spines of many of the cassettes filling my metal collection . Among the many bands such as Exodus , Slayer , Kreator , Celtic Frost , Metallica , Venom , Destruction , and so on , Voivod was a band whose style stood out for me as one of the more remarkable . Years later , I gave away most of my cassettes , but War and Pain soon came back to my collection in the form of a CD . I could not forget some of the tracks that had impressed me as a young teen and to this day -LRB- now 2012 -RRB- I still love those tracks.What made Voivod stand out for me was their use of tempo changes within their songs and the heavy use of distorted bass . In `` Black City '' there is a cool bass break and the bass figures prominently and is clearly audible in most of the songs . `` Warriors of Ice '' is a ripping speed metal tune with a beat like a juggernaut charging down a cracking , crumbling highway . After the solo , just when it seems the battering ram chorus is about to pound away again , there is this instrumental break of bass , heavy guitar and drums that are the audio equivalent of being beaten up by a mafia thug at a foggy wharf late at night . `` Live for Violence '' has a rhythm break that turns a galloping song into a full cantor - complete with that Voivod pounding rhythm section . And `` Nuclear War '' with its spacy psychedelic delay guitar and a beat and riff that work together to crack your skull 'til your tongue is lolling uselessly and your eyes are swollen and blind will make you blissfully stupid.In addition to this music that works like a marauding metal works hammer in a nuclear blast , vocalist Snake seems to growl , scream and roar out the lyrics as if he is about to vomit up a muffler . There are times when he almost seems to suck in a roar as much as push it out before volleying a strained growl in the form of a word . He uses his abilities very effectively to suit the mood of the music . For a 13-year-old , this was very interesting and cool . For a 41-year-old metal fan , I can perhaps appreciate better from a more analytical perspective the approach this band used on their first album.What 's not to like about it ? The production is pretty raw and a bit muddy . And if you do n't like aggressive , ominous , thumping music with lots of delayed guitar or the vocal style , then this album will not be to your liking .
 A must-have for any fan of Thrash Metal . Blacky 's meat-grinding bass sound and Snake 's Venom-like vocals will make you wish you were born a Voivodian . However , the production sounds somewhat inadequate . Having seen Voivod live this past summer perform two of these tracks -LRB- `` Nuclear War '' and `` Voivod '' -RRB- , I thought they sounded MUCH better in concert than on the album . Still , it 's WAR & PAIN !
 If you want a pure hardcore 80 's thrash sound then this cd is for you.It sound like they locked the producer out of the studio and then recorded . It 's pure , raw , agressive and -LRB- for the time when it came out -RRB- nasty.The fore-runners of the 80 's thrash scean . Taking the best from both the thrash and punk genra . Unfortunate for all that they did n't recieve the recomendation that they deserved .
 Wonderful , wonderful music . Any Adiemus fans should get this.Three classical pieces arranged for singing -LRB- Beethoven , Villa-Lobos , Rakhmaninov -RRB- , all nicely done . The two last are some of the most beautiful melodies ever written - it seems almost logical that Adiemus should make their own versions of them . Maybe we can expect more of the same.The singing
 As a long standing Adiemus fan and having purchased every Adiemus album , I 'm pleased to say that I was not disappointed with Vocalise . For the most part , the absence of Mariam Stockley is something I can live with . What disappointed me was Jenkin 's new `` innovations '' , i.e. using the saxophone , improv. , etc -LRB- although this is not really new , as it was on the LIVE album , its just not Adiemus for me -RRB- the only real gem in this for me was `` Donna Nobis Pacem '' Part I , which is sung beautifully . Bendigedig was also OK , `` Mysterious Are Your Ways '' is hauntingly enchanting , as is `` Vocalise '' `` Mi Contra Fa , Diabolus in Musica '' and `` Boogie Woogie Llanoogie '' , in the eyes of this fan , is nothing short of a DISASTER , they really RUIN the CD . They are the reasons , along with Jenkins `` innovations '' that cause the CD to be 4 stars .
 As vocalist for the lead track as well as Aria and several other tracks throughout this album , I am dissapointed that I did not get the recognition I was promised by Jenkins . However , I think the album is beautiful and I am pleased that I was involved .
 From the very first note , unmistakably the composer , the music and the impact on today 's listeners ~ Karl Jenkin 's `` Vocalise '' , featuring Adiemus with an original sound that has all cultures working together in perfect harmony . More radio stations preview many of their selections , even commercials feature some of their works . You ca n't take this talent for granted , once you experience one track you 're hooked ~ discover all of joy and mysteries that prevail.Each performance stands own its own merit `` DONA NOBIS PACEM PART I '' , `` MYSTERIOUS ARE YOUR WAYS '' , `` ARIA '' , `` VOCALISE '' and `` BENDIGEDIG '' , harmony beautifully excels , simply captivating your heart and soul within each melodic theme ~ for my money these are the highlights and stand outs.Voices completely mesmerizing as Adiemus Singers thrill the listener with haunting almost breathtaking moments ~ ethnic rhythms , classical influences , chants and light catchy arrangements sets the mood and tone . A musical landscape takes you on a journey deep within the subconscious , you become entranced with their voices as another instrument . Karl Jenkins has brought fascinating lyrical and melodic textures to these compositions , weaving orchestral arrangements into a musical tapestry.Most of the album is a winner , there are a few cues that should not have seen the light of day . Recommend this be included in your vast and ever growing collection of ~ ADIEMUS ... got ta love it!Total Time
 I would have probably enjoyed this CD more if Sarah Brightman had n't used the same formula several years ago . There 's nothing wrong with making clever arrangements of classical themes , but that 's all you 'll find in this collection -- none of the exciting , original melodies for which Karl Jenkins is best known.Don ' t get me wrong ; I own and love Sarah Brightman 's versions of these same themes . I was just hoping for something new .
 In the hands of Karl Jenkins songs are different , much more beautiful and actually arranged with boldness and talent . I loved the CD . And more joy in playing music maestro Brazilian Heitor Villa-Lobos and the choir singing in Portuguese .
 I 'm surprised these are n't very well known . The music and songs are just interesting and leave me feeling uplifted . Also interesting in that they traditionally do n't use any real words - just sounds that sound like they could be words .
 New vocal and orchestra arrangements for old classic and modern songs , including Beethoven , Villa-Lobos , Mozart and other . Vocalizes are amazing !
 I think this album is brilliant -- awesome music !! Ca n't turn it off !!! Especially love Allegratango !!! Adiemus could sing to the sound of a washing machine and still sound good ! Kudos !!!
 Karl Jenkins strikes HOME BASE again ! Together with Adiemus , they 're giving the audience quite a treat , through ages , composers and most beautiful Vocalise you 've ever experienced .
 This CD is the best Adiemus has released ever . Only Adiemus V Live is best.I love the portugues and english lyrics , and the use of indian language and classical-african effects . Adiemus is gettin better with each CD
 The fourth Don Caballero record is another clear indicator of the amazing twists and turns the saga of this Pittsburgh-to-Chicago outfit has taken . Despite slimming down to a three piece , the band sounds that much more coherant . `` American Don '' hits with harder impact than their previous `` What Burns Never Returns '' , which was mired somewhat in the cyclical amorphisms of guitarist Ian Williams ' other band , Storm & Stress . Without a hint of distortion , Don Cab is back to the practice of interlocking cascading guitar riffs and bass chunks with the Herculean , gymnastic drumming of Damon Che . There are liberal instrumental references to King Crimson and perhaps even the hypnotic guitar layerings of West African music . One complex , intensive section leads seamlessly into the next , and the next , which is as it should be in the progressive order . One wonders how Williams will be able to reproduce the effect of as many as four simulentaneos guitar lines -LRB- such as on `` Have n't Lived Afro Pop '' -RRB- with a mere loop pedal , but that 's a dillema saved for the live arena . As proved by `` American Don '' and its crystal-clear Steve Albini production values , Don Caballero is definitely still the ultimate rock musician 's band , and a whole legion of perfidious formalists stuck in various stylistic dead ends , whether mainstream or under ground , could learn a lot by listening to this album .
 For those who have in the past had their ears spanked by the music of Don Caballero , expect more of the same fantastically bizarre , complex , extended compostions . Yes , in many ways , it 's more of the same , and yet the band continues to push into new territory . Let me explain ... For those who arent familiar with the sound , D.C. is basically about spectacularly odd grooves , built on the constantly shifting , yet rock solid drumming of Damon Che , and layered upon by the ever fluctuating arpeggiations , interlocking trade off patterns and geometric experimentations of the guitars . Past albums have been pretty scary sounding , D.C. 2 was perhaps the most mathematic and heavy , What Burns Never Returns was less about distortion and more groove oriented , and now with American Don , we 're treated to a greater degree of tonal dynamics . At several points , the music could even be described as `` pretty , '' providing greater contrast when they turn on a dime and abraise your conciouness with their trademark sound . I also noticed they 've added a certain bit of electronics in certain parts , they seem to sample a line , then layer it back into the mix at a faster pace . It 's a cool , unobtrusive way to introduce some new technology instead of going off the deep end like some artists are prone to do ... I gave this album only four stars -LRB- and not five -RRB- for two reasons
 thats what the band had said just prior to this albums release , and though there is not more than 4 seconds of distortion in the entire album , it is intense , furious , and confusing . many of these indie rock fools do not , CAN not understand this , as this is much more in the jazz-rock fusion vein than the typical breadwinner meets jesus lizard formula they relied on for some of their previous works . obviously , if your idea of avant-garde is the the power chord minimalism of shellac , youre not going to understand this . what really irks me is some of these morons claim the drumming is not up to par . are we listening to the same album ? damon che 's drumming is the most ferocious its ever been , had i not seen them live i wouldve found it hard to believe its just 1 man behind the set . f**king incredible , from the intricate waves of guitar noodling to the fury of an octupus on steroids manning the percussion rig , to the booming low end , this is beautiful , incredible musicianship that will be recognized years after theyre all dead .
 The world 's best math-rock group throw another curve ball at your expectations . Over four epic-length LPs , Don Caballero have become , if not the planet 's greatest all-instrumental rock band , one of the only such bands worth noticing . The group -LRB- essentially octopus-armed drummer Damon Che and a shifting crew of guitarists -RRB- started in the early '90s as a Breadwinner-inspired math-metal powerhouse , but they kept experimenting after that , both evolving and shedding players until they 'd nailed the sort of hyper-technical rock minimalism that 's become their trademark . At this point , no other mathematically inclined group can touch Don Cab-and if you think that 's just hype , well , then you have n't heard the band 's biggest head-scratcher of an album , American Don . Proving himself more capable of flying solo despite co-guitarist Mike Banfield 's 1999 departure , Ian Williams is now using a sampler pedal to play two-plus serpentine parts at once . Likewise for bassist Eric `` Emm '' topolsky-Williams ' foil in Storm And Stress-who uses his own sampler pedal to imply the beat while hammering out bizarre underlying textures -LRB- see `` The Peter Criss Jazz '' -RRB- . Add to these two the mega-polyrhythmic Che , and you 've got a power trio in the most literal sense
 Bit of a paradoxical album . While the crushing noise sometimes present on earlier releases is pretty much absent here , and the shimmering tones are often quite pretty , this is perhaps the most difficult Don Caballero album to `` get into '' . There are no catchy power-chord riffs to carry the listener through , nothing resembling standard rock song structures . And despite the paring down of the group to a trio , this is as musically dense as anything they 've done.Having lived with this CD for over a year now , I feel comfortable giving it a full 5 stars . After first getting it , I may have only decided on 3 or 4 stars , but this is an album with true staying power . Everytime I listen to it I now find myself drawn into it , and this is the kind of music in which you can keep finding new things to admire .
 If you 're looking to start out a good math rock collection , start out with this . It 's the most uplifting album I own . Compared to Don Caballero 's previous efforts , which were a bit hard rock , this is more subtle with intricate little indie rock melodies arising from the kinda odd offbeat yet sweet body of the song . This is a smooth jazz progressive indie post-rock album with some experimental parts . The band plays around with the drums , letting it loose sometimes . And there are some lavish string plucks with a gentle ring to the ear that comes out from nowhere . No track outshines the other . I listen from start to finish . That 's the thing with instrumental albums , they 're that easy to enjoy cause there 's no potential annoying choruses which could ruin a close to perfect song . Every song has its own distinct memorable parts you just have to hear gradually unfold when all the diverse instrumentation comes together .
 American Don is a fantastic album . In fact it is an album that I can listen to over and over again . I love the 3 songs `` The Perter Criss Jazz '' , `` Have n't Lived Afro Pop '' , and `` You Drink a Lot of Coffee for a Teenager '' . So far this is my favorite Don Caballero album.For my tastes this album has really good sensibilities for blending ethereal , meditative rhythms and sounds and even industrial elements with changes in tempo , evolution of melody with kinetics not found in many bands or songs . This album is very polished . Not overdone studio-wise , just masterful .
 Excellent album , a masterpiece of this guys -LRB- and the shipping was absolutely great -RRB- . A must in every music collection .
 This album is one of the best don cab releases in my opinion . The music is along the same lines as what burns , but it is much more solidified and focused . I also think this is one of Damon 's best performances on tape . I like every DC record , but I think this one is my favorite , well maybe DC II as well . The new one Punkgasm is also really good . Hell , buy them all , they 're all good !
 Of Don Cab 's previous albums , What Burns Never Returns is by far my favorite . -LRB- see my review -RRB- Ever since I first heard it , I hoped that DC would next record What Burns II . To my delight , they have delivered . But now I 'm left with a slight sense of disappointment that they did n't undergo a radical paradigm shift as they did between their previous albums . This is n't EXACTLY like What Burns , but it 's damn close ... close enough that it reminds me of Paul McCartney saying that Rubber Soul and Revolver almost sound like one double album . I 'm not complaining . These songs are Don Caballero at their best . I 'll get used to the idea that they 've found a nice comfortable niche to settle into , at least for the time being . Ca n't wait to see them live .
 don caballero is back , and true to form , this cd will leave the listener perplexed , shaking their head , wondering how in the world such music is written . that unmistakable don caballero sound is somehow intensified by the lack of distortion for the majority of the cd . and ` the peter criss jazz ' lulls you into a false sense of scrutiny , thinking this trio has wandered into radio-friendly territory . before you 're too hard on them , be sure you listen to the song in its 10:36 entirety . once again , the packaging is excellent -LRB- though minimalistic , in stark comparison to their music -RRB- , featuring vogtanORIginals . overall , this cd left me amazed and already anxious for their next release .
 The last couple songs on each album seem to hint at where Don Cab is going on the next album . The jump from What Burns Never Returns to American Don is most pronounced though , because of last year 's departure of guitarist Mike Banfield , the absence -LRB- again -RRB- of bassist Pat Morris , and the addition of Storm and Stress bassist Erich Emm.Recorded by Steve Albini , as was For Respect , this album sounds great . Erich 's bass really booms more than the bass on prior albums , where sometimes you had to strain to hear ANY bass . Erich 's playing compliments Damon 's drums well . Ian has taken over ALL guitar , so as you might guess this album sounds a lot more stormy and stressy than prior Don Cab releases . If Storm and Stress is too far out for you though , take heart . American Don has a lot more teeth than Storm and Stress.I like this new one a lot , but the band suffers from the loss of Mike . The dynamic interplay between the two guitars , and Mike and Ian 's increasingly different styles , is lost . -LRB- It was these things that made What Burns Never Returns their best , in my book . -RRB- While there is some effort to play Erich and Ian off of each other on this album , it 's mostly left to Ian and his many pedals to create the guitar sound . He does an admirable job , but only Ian and Mike together can sound like the Don Caballero we 've come to know.As for Damon Che , what can I say ? It is a joy to listen to his drums , and Steve Albini is the only person who should be permitted to record Damon 's drumming .
 I like this post-rock band . American Don moves the band from post-rock -LRB- metal -RRB- to post-rock -LRB- jazz -RRB- ; goofy titles like `` You Drink a Lot of Coffee for a Teenager '' or `` Fire Back About Your New Baby 's Sex '' mask complex jazzy math-rock with brilliant drumming , both spastic and tightly controlled . The sound is lighter , cleaner , and more accessible , but despite , or because of these shifts , American Don does not stand up to the earlier What Burns Never Returns . Excellent long pieces like `` Ones All Over the Place '' and `` The Peter Criss Jazz '' manage to get inside you and work their way out through your body almost without your realizing it ; this album is more physically transporting than mentally , unlike some darker post-rock like The For Carnation , or even earlier D.C. . Other tracks are less impressive ; `` Have n't Lived Afro Pop '' settles into an uninspiring repetition for minutes at a time , and draws close to noodling , and `` A Lot of People Tell Me I Have a Fake British Accent '' does n't rock nearly as hard as it should -LRB- compare this to some of the stuff from the feroucious Singles Breaking Up and you might conclude that Don has been neutered -RRB- , but D.C. are still a band to behold , and get your whole body moving , shaking , and twittering , even -LRB- especially -RRB- at work .
 I own severl DonCab albums , and have heard most of their other ones ... This is my favorite ... Singles Breaking Up , and older stuff ... . not as inventive on the guitars and bass ... . sounds like Tool without the vocals ... . not bad , but not great.This album though is truly unique . Peter Criss Jazz will blow your mind . I see this album as the band 's zenith between the older heavier stuff , and newer stuff which may not be as progressive .
 Ever heard the term `` math rock '' and wondered what it was ? Me too ! Well , my understanding of it , anyway , is KIND OF like the prog rock of the '70s -LRB- King Crimson , Gentle Giant , Yes , etc. -RRB- with the lofty pretentiousness thrown out , and with more of an Attention Deficit Disorder thrown in . Shifting time signatures , stops and starts ... I 've heard one other Don Caballero album and it is indeed much heavier than this one . Although this album has a lot of powerful moments and blasts of overdriven bass and distorted guitars , it is a more sedate affair , relatively speaking . That bass , by the way , reminds me of that meaty early - '70s bass sound that Chris Squire used to get . Sweet!Anyway
 While much of Don Caballero 's older material is on the heavy side -LRB- even metal at times -RRB- , this album takes a step in a different direction . American Don does n't recieve the critical accliam it deserves for one reason ... Context.Those who have followed the Don from the beginning have developed a taste for the heavier , more intense and over-the-top sound that so readily defined the band for most of their existence.A lot of listeners and fans were n't prepared for this type of release from Don Caballero ; as it is a far departure from their previous sound/material . This album was the last album released by Don Caballero . Mike Banfield -LRB- guitar -RRB- , one of the bands founding members , was out the door by this point . The band stripped down to 3-piece , and the music stripped down as well . There is no distortion on this album . There is no high-octane `` spazz '' rock present on this recording.What is here , is 3 extremely talented musicians playing some of the most incredible jazz/rock/experimental music that I personally have ever heard in my life!Layers and layers of lush guitar , incredible virtuoso drumming , and punchy jazz bass constitute the sounds you will find here . Now when I say `` virtuoso '' drumming ... I mean virtuoso drumming . The drummer -LRB- Damon Che -RRB- is easily one of the most talented and original percussionists ever to grace this planet . That is no exaggeration ! The drumming alone is reason enough to buy this ... twice!This album seethes with style & originality , & was not rushed in any way , shape , or form . The songs are allowed plenty of room to develop ideas and breathe . Something very rare in music today , and something non-existent on you local pop rock radio station.This album is easily better thank 95 % of the music out there period ! A must have if you are a fan of mathrock , jazz , avant garde ... whatever.Whether you are an old fan still discovering the many dimensions of Don Caballero , or if this is your first exposure to the band ... I would strongly recommend this incredible album ! It dually serves as a great introduction and as a suitable ending for one of the greatest bands of all time !
 It really deserves four and a half stars , but I like it enough to not bring the overall score down . `` American Don '' is pretty difficult to review . It 's sort of all over the place . It 's very intense and full sounding , yet incredible just the same.Imagine if Tortoise were angrier and more intense . That 's what you would have with this album . In fact , I would say that `` American Don '' is in the same ballpark as Tortoise 's `` Standards '' album . A little more progressive , though.I really enjoy `` The Peter Criss Jazz '' a lot . It 's probably my favorite song on the album . There are several others that are truly great . For example , `` Ones All Over the Place '' sounds very crisp with it 's Tangerine Dream-esque vibes . Hince the Tortoise comparisons.The only downfall is that after about five songs , you begin to get worn out . The music is so decadent that you can only take so much . Other than that , I strongly recommend this album . Do n't be misled by the cover . It looks like this album would sound something like Nick Drake or The Beachwood Sparks , but it 's far from that .
 ... but a very good pick anyway ! As usual Don Caballero manage to hover miles above the average indie-record . This time tough the music is less aggressive , the drumming less furious and the pace is overall calmer . Do n't get me wrong , they have n't limped , they still spark with energy and creativity , only the 've become more `` mature '' . For those who do n't know anything about the band I 'll just say that they find themselves between shellac and tortoise , between arty improvisation -LRB- which most people call post-rock -RRB- and noise-rock .
 I once read somewhere that for an album to be truly amazing , it has to sound like it could fall apart at any moment . While I do n't necessarily agree with that , it 's impressive that Don Caballero can pull it off . There are so many intense beats and frantic time signature changes that it 's a wonder these guys can pull it off . You keep expecting them to wear down , or miss a beat , but they just keep on pushing ahead.A lot of people compare this to tortoise purely because of the math-rock/jazz comparisons , but while tortoise relies on effects and post-production digital manipulation , Don Cab stick to basic instrumentation and a minimum of effects . while the instrumentation is simple -LRB- mostly just one or 2 clean guitars with the drums -RRB- the technical prowess of this band more than makes up for any lack of fullness of sound . Damon Che , the drummer , not only proves himself to be one of the greatest rock drummers in history , but he also gets some beautiful warm sounds out of his set . I wo n't give it 5 stars though . because most of the songs are basically the same , regardless of how phenomenal they are . but still , it 's great songs , with great titles . most people should enjoy this -LRB- unless you rely on vocals for your music -RRB- .
 Certainly this band has achieved the recognition of the epitome of math rock and their drummer has acquired the moniker of an octopus , but this album in particular breaks no new ground . It 's a pretty standard album that is a bit tuned down from `` what burns never returns . '' That 's not necessarily a bad thing but it does take away some of the awesome drumming that many of us have grown to love . The album has some great moments in it but it just does n't compare to w.b.n.r.It 's unfortunate that they 've broken up now and this mediocre album -LRB- a deflated finale -RRB- will be the last of what we 'll ever hear from them . GOOD ALBUM OVERALL , NONETHELESS
 ... when you get that jackhammer effect typical of a defective or dirty disc in a couple of numbers . But if you listen carefully , you will notice that the drums are unaffected -- apparently guitarist Ian Wallace has an effects box that simulates data loss . This introduces a techno aspect to what has in the past been this band 's relentless musical jeer at purism found in metal , punk , jazz and prog by crating a fusion of these mutually antagonistic forms . There are no vocals , but every number says `` we are n't here to follow rules , we 're here to make music . '' The lack of vocals is a liberating force here -- they do n't have to relegate themselves to the role of accompanists to some nihilistic diatribe from an equal-opportunity hater some idiot handed a mike to . It has been decades since rock has had an all-instrumental band -- you have to go back to twangy surf-rock or exit rock entirely to the R & B efforts of Booker T . But now we know it 's possible . Hardcore can be focused on playing instead of noise .
 I 've read countless reviews of this disc that claim that it is the worst disc Fates Warning has put out in their long and distinguished careers . My ears still do n't hear what everyone else is telling them to hear though ... The CD opens with the great dual guitar lead of Frank and Jim -LRB- Frank 's last album with the band -RRB- in _ Outside Looking In _ . This is one of the more typical prog songs that the band has written and , as an album Inside Out really does n't have many of those . _ Face the Fear _ has a similar sound but the only song on here that matches the progressive aspect of _ Out Looking In _ is _ Monument _ -LRB- which is a classic FW piece -RRB- . Now I 've stated that the album is not chock full of progressive goodness , so why does it get 5 stars ? Because every song on this disc is well written and performed at the highest level . The songs are cohesive -LRB- with little meandering like most progressive metal bands tend to do -RRB- and very tight . The lyrics , as with anything Jim Matheos touches , are great!The one thing that this album showcases that some FW fans miss a lot on the later releases is the dual guitar attack of Frank and Jim and while I also enjoy that style , in this reviewers humble opinion , Fates Warning has become a beast of a different kind that no longer requires that type of playing.If you dug Parallels you should also enjoy this album as long as you do n't believe every great album requires time changes and odd time signatures
 Fates Warning will -LRB- if they have n't allready -RRB- go down in history as one of Americas bets metal acts of all time . Forget about lables -LRB- prog , power , ... etc. -RRB- ... These guys can do it all . This album is a prime example of the ability of this band to always evolve and have it be an enjoyable experience.Commercial sell out ? NO WAY ! What are you all that say this -LRB- 15 years old pretendiing that good music needs to fit with in some kind of immature box -RRB- . The great thing about this band is that you can not fit them into any kind of box . If you like Fates Warning you will love this album . Let 's face it , Fates warning has the midas touch . Anything they have touched so far has been gold . Do yourself a favor and buy all things Fates Warning .
 Originally released in 1994 , Inside Out was the seventh album from progressive metal pioneers Fates Warning . The band , perhaps in response to the commercial success of Queensryche and Dream Theater at the time , seemed to go for a more accessible sound with this album . It 's still very progressive and technical , but the songs are more melodic and if not quite radio friendly , they 're at least easier on the ears for the non-initiated . You see that especially on songs like `` Outside Looking In , '' `` Shelter Me '' and to some extent `` Monument . '' I think the shift in direction works really well , especially as an introduction to Fates Warning.I 'm not going to spend too much time talking about the album itself . It 's old enough that most people know what it is and what it sounds like , and several other reviewers have covered its artistic merits quite well . I mostly wanted to weigh in on Metal Blade 's 2012 reissue of Inside Out , since no one else has touched on that aspect yet.This new version of Inside Out has been expanded to a whopping three discs . The first disc features the main album , newly remastered -LRB- and sounding freaking amazing -RRB- . The second disc features a dozen bonus tracks - five vintage live tracks and seven demo recordings . Disc three is a DVD with live clips of most of the Inside Out songs , the promotional videos released from the album and a whole host of extras . It 's a really nice addition to an already impressive reissue , and normally would be more than enough to push this 4-star album solidly into 5-star territory.The only complaint I have with this reissue is the packaging . It 's the seventh Metal Blade Fates Warning reissue , and already there have been five different packaging styles , this one the worst . It 's essentially a thin cardboard sleeve that not only looks cheap and disposable , but has the potential to scratch the discs when you try to remove them from their too-tight slots . A jewel/slipcase combo like they did forAwaken the Guardian -LRB- W/Dvd -RRB- would have been much better , and even the foldout digipack used forPerfect Symmetry -LRB- W/Dvd -RRB- -LRB- Exp -RRB- would have worked . Does n't Metal Blade realize that the people most interested in these reissues in the first place are serious collectors who want something durable and attractive on their shelves ? I guess not . Maybe for the A Pleasant Shade of Gray reissue -LRB- you know that one 's coming -RRB- they can just use a rubber band .
 I remember it like it was yesterday ... the summer of 1994 , and I was at my peak of Fates Warning worship . I knew they had just released a new CD , but had n't picked it up yet when I read the current issue of `` Metal Maniacs '' Magazine where there was a review of Inside Out ... The ` Metal Maniacs ' Inside Out review was VERY harsh , to say the least -- hurling insults mostly towards Jim and his abilites and badgering the band for their increasingly commercial sound.I reluctantly went and bought Inside Out anyway , thinking in the back of my mind ` it 's going to suck ' . When I popped that CD in ; from the word ` go ' it instantly became one of my all time favorite CD 's by ANY band and I just rebought a brand new copy of it almost 12 years later.Yes , compared to the previous Fates CD 's , there is a noticeable and deliberate mainstream approach to the songwriting -- but WHY IS THAT A BAD THING ??? I 'm not of the befief that bands should spend their whole careers catering towards 15 year old angry Metalheads or snooty Prog snobs.Not only that , but Jim 's songwriting is TOP NOTCH on this CD . The CD itself has a great flow from song to song also . If Inside Out would have received decent promotion , it could have competed with ANYTHING that was out in 1994 . It goes beyond how heavy it is , or how technical it is ... it 's a collection of great songs . People always praise `` Monument '' because it 's the most ` Fates Warning sounding ' thing on Inside Out ... but , I like the other tracks more -- the tracks that made me go `` I did n't know they had that in them '' . I also think that this is Ray 's finest vocal performance to date . He has power and tone for days , and even has enough control in his vocal technique to add some soulful ad libs . Good stuff.I still get a little annoyed when I look back on that Metal Maniacs review . It 's pretty clear to me that the reviewer was a fan of Awaken The Guardian/No Exit era FW and was bashing them for straying away from that sound . To make matters worse , the band members themselves -LRB- Jim and Mark in particular -RRB- eventually started bashing `` Inside Out '' in the press , as if they could n't stand behind their own work ... I found that very dissappointing.Anyway , if you want a bunch of headbanging noise , screaming vocals and evil riffs , then this is n't for you . If you want a bunch of long songs , with a bunch of odd time signatures , instrumental interludes and guys playing a lot of notes , then this is n't for you either ... But , if you like good music and great , solid Rock songwriting with Progressive tendencies ... Give Inside Out a shot .
 I believe the constant criticism this album gets is very unjust . Many fans do not even give this album a chance because it is accepted as their worst album by others and they just assume that it is not worth their time or money , I even doubt most of them have heard it . Yes , we do see Fates Warning taking to a slightly more `` commercial '' sound , completing what they hinted at with Parallels , but dont try and group this with other prog-metal commercial disasters like Savatage 's `` Fight For The Rock '' or Dream Theater 's `` Falling Into Infinity '' . Yes , we do see standard song structures here , but I do not see this as something that limits the band . Like always , the lyrics are very well-written and Mark Zonder gives a truely astonishing performance . We also see Ray Alder coming into his own as well , which is a good thing unless you liked his mexican version of Geoff Tate from the previous three albums.The album starts with the brillant progressive piece `` Outside Looking In '' , then moves to the catchy , straight forward , but awesome `` Pale Fire '' , next we hear `` The Strand '' which sounds almost like some sort of early 90 's alt-radio rock songbefore the ... odd chorus sets in . `` Shelter Me '' is much in the same vein as `` Pale Fire '' , then the epic `` Island In The Stream '' sets in . One could consider this a Silent Lucidity -LRB- Queensryche -RRB- clone if the song didnt run so long . `` Down To the Wire '' and `` Face The Fear '' are quite good although nothing really new . The instrumental `` Inward Bound '' was the highlight of the album for me , and after that is the triumphant `` Monument '' , one of the bands greatest artistic achievements ever and certainly the most acclaimed cut from the album . The record ends with the beautiful `` Afterglow '' . All in all , my only problem with the album is its length , come on guys 40 minutes of music is not enough especially considering some prog metal bands of today are releasing albums absolutely filled to the brim with almost twice this much material.If you enjoy Fates Warning albums like `` Perfect Symetry '' and `` Parallels '' I see no reason why you wo n't cherish this album as well . If you are a prog rock purist that cant go for anything that doesnt have 96 time changes and 57 notes per second I would avoid it and instead go for `` A Pleasant Shade of Gray '' or `` No Exit '' . Dont get me wrong , this is definitely a great progressive metal release , but it is without a lot of the musical wankery most prog metal fans have come to expect . I dig it , you should too .
 One of my favorite fates warning . Its much different then the others . Catchy tunes , like pale fire , shelter me . All in all , every song is good . Another good one is the parallel cd . Check it out
 Coming just after the much acclaimed `` Parallels '' album , `` Inside Out '' has gone under several comparisons with its predecessor . While not as groundbreaking and original as `` Parallels '' , `` Inside Out '' is not the dissapointment some people have accussed it to be . There are so many beautiful songs in here like `` Pale Fire '' , the opener `` Outside Looking In '' the progressive delerium of `` Monument '' which surprisingly enough is the most well known song on this album . Sure `` Inside Out '' has a much more easy feeling and a sense of lightness compared to `` Parallels '' but I would suggest people to view it as a different album and see it as a different musical offering . As such I consider it to be a fine album and a very rewarding buy .
 If you like the Parallels cd , then you will probably like this one too . Inside Out contains songs that , I think , could have easily been included on the Parallels disc , released three years previous . The production on this disc is kind of lacking in bass and depth , but the songs are just as beautiful as those on Parallels .
 I just had to write a review for this album since it only had an overall score of 3.5 stars . If you actually listen to this album , you can hear the meticulous structure of each song . This album is full of classics . I agree that the songs sound sometimes rushed but that only adds on to the beauty of each song . Take Pale Fire , Shelter Me , and Face the Fear for example . Those songs are the most powerful songs I have ever heard . I definitely rank this as an excellent album everybody needs to hear since it gets overlooked all the time .
 I had to write this review when I saw the average stars for this cd . I can not imagine why people can not enjoy this cd . It has some of the best drum work Mark Zonder has done with the band , and by far if I had to pick just one Fates song to listen to with out a doubt it would be MONUMENT !!! Do not even for a moment think this cd is a funk for the band . It was just as good as Parallels . Please I beg you listen to this CD before judging it , if you must listen to it again .
 THIS ALBUM RULE`S . ALL FATE`S WARNING MUSIC IS AWESOME , THAT GUY DOWN BELOW , WHO SAID THIS IS THE WORST ALBUM HE EVER HEARD ? WELL , HE OBVIOUSLY DOES N`T KNOW REAL MUSIC . -LCB- He must be a wan na be ? -RCB- RAY ALDERS VOCAL RANGE`S ARE INCREDIBLE !!! MARK ZONDER AWESOME ON DRUMS ... . JIM MATTEOS BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY OF STRINGS ... do yourself a favor buy this cd.and all the other one ` s Awaken The GUARDIAN ~ my favorite all time Fate ` s album NO EXIT another great one ! FATES WARNING RULES ...
 Yeah it got a lot of radio friendly tunes but still this album is real good.Songs like the opening track , Monument & The Strand are the highlight of this album , FW never let down .
 A lot of people hate this album . I guess is because is of the softer more retrospective style . For me this album is great , far better than Paralles . As a painter and graphic artist is one of the albums a use to get in the mood to paint and create . You can find here some of the most personal and beautiful of the band 's songs like , Pale fire , Shelter Me , and Island in the Stream . Plus you get one of Fates 's most awesome progressive tracks - Monument . Overall an excellent production .
 This band once again pulls together great lryics with smooth flowing chops and full progression sound to rival your musical senses . This album is strong in the realm of proressive technical style ... gutsy rock with intraversed dynamic form and flow . . All around good song writing . This album was well comprised and produced ... I would recomend this to anyone who says they are a fan of progressive rock !
 -LRB- 3-1/2 stars -RRB- As 1994 approached , Fates decided to capitalize on the more commercial direction that _ Parallels _ took them -LRB- which had led them to their greatest commercial success yet -RRB- and put out this album , a moody , reflective , more balladic approach to the same pop-prog that Queensryche had briefly re-introduced into the mainstream on _ Empire _ . Indeed , its hard to separate the majestic `` Islands in the Stream '' from `` Silent Lucidity '' - complete with its orchestral strokes , its delicate acoustic arpegiated opening riff , and dreamlike tenor . Despite its derivative nature , its one of the best cuts on the album . The hooks on `` Shelter Me '' and opening cut `` The Strand '' are filling but somewhat empty , while awfully trite lyrics doom `` Down To The Wire '' from the very start . Unquestionably the triumvirate of `` Face the Fear '' , `` Inward Bound '' and the thrilling `` Monument '' -LRB- one of the best cuts Fates Warning ever wrote -RRB- indicate where this album could have gone without all the obvious commercial restraint . `` Afterglow '' is a nice finale , a moody piece of musical contrasts that ends rather abruptly , along with the album .
 Fates Warning 's Inside Out is hailed by a majority of their fans as one of the band 's weakest , if not the weakest album . I dont agree with this feeling.Inside Out is similar to Parallels , but generally lighter . The lyrics are more focused on euphoric feelings . Its a light progressive fans dream . If you like the melody and passion of No Exit , and the lighter feel of Parallels , this is the Fates Warning CD for you . But do not buy this CD if you expect Fates to bring the Metal , because they dont.Inside Out is my second Fav Fates , next to No Exit .
 Good lyrics , well written songs . I felt that some of the songs , such as `` Shelter Me '' , `` Pale Fire '' and `` Face the Fear '' were written for the mainstream , or more commercial audience . Certainly such tracks such as `` The Strand '' and `` Afterglow '' are moody , and better for it . A true classic is `` Island in the Stream '' . It starts off slow and when the bass kicks in ... boom ! What a powerful song , will give you chills up your spine . I find a true deepness in most of Fates Warning 's music . `` Monument '' is truly the definition of progressive metal , and a good showcase for Ray Alder 's vocal range . Lastly , tied perhaps for first place with `` Island '' , is my favorite song on the cd - `` Down to the Wire '' . When I jog and listen to this song , I 'm tearin ' up the road . Anyone that listens to these songs will find something that triggers some sort of memory , or past feeling . Is n't this what the imagery of music is all about ? If you are a FW fan , you would not be reading this review . You would KNOW that when a new FW cd comes out , you just get it . You do n't borrow your friend 's cd and make a copy -LRB- sacrilege ! -RRB- , you get your own . I got mine , every last one . Every one is different , and every one excellent .
 I 'm a DT fan since I first heard `` Pull Me Under . '' However , I 'd never heard any FW until FWX , thinking no prog/metal could possibly be anywhere near DT , so I did n't expand much beyond . That said , this stuff is really good , especially `` Monument '' which has that quality that will have me listening to it over and over for a long time . Buy this !
 I have read mixed reviews about this CD , but I have to give this CD five stars . I feel that the song writing and performance is very solid . Monument is probably the finest progressive rock tune I have ever heard . Mark Zonder displays a talent on drums that I feel is unmatched by any other . The Strand is an awesome track that really showcases Ray Alders ' range and emotion . Jim Matheos shines as always ... Bottom line , This is a must have album for fans of Fates Warning and the progressive rock genre .
 I just had to write a review for this album since it only had an overall score of 3.5 stars . If you actually listen to this album , you can hear the meticulous structure of each song . This album is full of classics . I agree that the songs sound sometimes rushed but that only adds on to the beauty of each song . Take Pale Fire , Shelter Me , and Face the Fear for example . Those songs are the most powerful songs I have ever heard . I definitely rank this as an excellent album everybody needs to hear since it gets overlooked all the time .
 Fates Warning continues to push the envelope . They blend melodic riffs with bone crushing symmetry for that just right mix . This albulm is miles ahead of shades ... If you like Dream Theater or Queensryche , this is a must for your collection ... Its your Fate ...
 It is a great misfortune that this opera is little known . The music is vivid and colorful as well as dark and harsh , at tmes grotesque and nostalgic . The music of this work is replete with romantic beauty.A hematic and symphonic method underlines the music.Although Pfitzner follows the example of Richard Wagner , Das Herz is entirely original . The love theme is wonderful , it evokes a sensuous and noble longing.I always find myself listening to the operas of pfitzner often . All lovers of music must listen to this opera .
 This DVD on the HiQ label is a quirky release . It 's a UK produced DVD distributed by Voiceprint - which has been releasing the Tony Palmer films in the US this year . The DVD feature is a reissue of a 1992 Documentary on the Yardbirds produced by Delilah productions for Atlantic Records and released on VHS in 1993 by Warner Strategic Marketing -LRB- It still has the copyright notice at the end -RRB- . The 53-minute film features new interviews -LRB- at the time it was produced -RRB- with all the then living members . Vocalist and harmonica player Keith Reif died in the 1970s . The story of the short span of five years that the band was together is laid out with interviews combined with rare archival footage of performances in the US -LRB- Hullabaloo -RRB- , French and Belgian TV and the BBC . There are many full numbers -LRB- though I wish they had indexed these as separate chapters for repeated viewing -RRB- . The interviews are insightful , particularly the comments from Jeff Beck.There is also a `` Bonus Feature '' which consists of a FABULOUS performance of four numbers from the German TV show `` Beat Beat Beat '' from 1967 , with a seven-minute version of `` I 'm A Man '' that 's worth the price of the DVD alone . -LRB- There are more `` Beat Beat Beat '' shows coming early next year from HiQ and I , for one , am excited to see these . The crisp print and great camera close-ups are perfect.The DVD comes with a booklet of , supposedly , liner note but most of the 20-page booklet is devoted to an essay and liner notes for a new Yardbirds album `` Birdland '' recorded in 2003v with new members . These notes have nothing at all to do with the story here.I would give this DVD five stars for what 's on the disc - but dropped a star because of this strange packaging , which makes no sense.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 As one reviewer suggested this might be a bootleg as it 's not listed on the official Yardbirds website.Nonetheless this is worth every penny if only for the excellent quality of live music and TV show footage.There are plenty of band interviews with all of the living Yardbirds including some Clapton , lots of Beck and Page and Peter Grant even gets some camera time . There is one band interview in particular from sometime in the 90 's and Beck is straightforward hilarious with his behind the scenes stories and critiques of things like Blow Up.This is very well put together , tells the story and is entertaining.If it is a bootleg or something done without the band 's consent then whoever made this should be in big trouble right now.I have Googled for Yardbirds lawsuits against HiQ and could find nothing.People want to see this stuff , especially things about short lived , ground breaking , inventive and elusive bands -LRB- Hello Joy Division ! -RRB- . If the Yardbirds or any band that cares about it 's `` legacy '' wants make sure the history of their existence gets the correct treatment they should beat all others to the punch and do it themselves -LRB- Hello XTC ! -RRB- . Take the Beatles example and claim your history and stop your sobbing -LRB- Hello Kinks ! -RRB- Eventually someone cobbles together a video history of these bands , if not for the love of the music then for money , either way it will get done and we the adoring public will eat it up.Surely people who have been in this business as long as the Yardbirds know that.I 'll give it 5 stars just to annoy the `` guy who knows the band '' and that I really do enjoy it and will watch it repeatedly . Hey lighten up , it 's only Rock and Roll!Great stuff , Love it , Buy it now !
 The Yardbirds played a crucial part in the history and development of rock . The Jeff Beck Group with Rod Stewart , Led Zep , Clapton 's many excursions , and even Renaissance -LRB- ! -RRB- were all outgrowths of the band.This video tells the story very well . Lots of classic , though incomplete , live footage is included and almost all the original participants weigh in with facts and anecdotes . The video is well-edited and easy to watch . Not for fans only this piece is recommended to all rock/pop music lovers but probably essential for true Yardbirds fans.Additionally , this edition includes four complete live performances from the final incarnation of the Yardbirds - Jimmy Page , Chris Dreja , Keith Relf , and Jim McCarty - which is also sold separately . So it has added value .
 Very informative and fun to listen to for someone of my generation . I had heard bits and pieces of the Yardbirds story , but never the complete picture .
 I was born in 67 . So I have always enjoyed 70 s music but found alot of great music from the 60 's about 5 years ago . I play guitar and that always gave me reasons to learn more .
 Much of this DVD is documentary interviews that were fairly interesting . I found Jeff Beck 's interviews to be the most interesting because they were extremely frank and uncensored.Many of the performances on this DVD are frustratingly incomplete . SOME of the Video Quality is really poor . The clips from US television are all lip sync , unexciting and disappointing . The more complete genuinely live perfomances from NME Poll Winner concert and the Richmond -LRB- UK -RRB- Blues Festival with Jeff Beck are very rewarding . The sound quality is not great as can only be expected due to their age and crude recording techniques.The late Keith Relf comes off better than I expected . His showmanship was well highlighted in the DVD.The Bonus Track from German TV 1967 -LRB- Beat , Beat , Beat -RRB- with Jimmy Page is a real MONSTER . The audio recording is clean and undistorted . The Black and White Video is clean also . The engineers on this recording did an excellent job for the times . The camera work is good . You can really see Jimmy Page working hard . All the songs on the Bonus Track are among the very best of The Yardbirds repertoire . There is an extended version of I 'm a Man as it was performed live when I saw The Yardbirds in 1968 . Keith Relf puts on a good show here as well . You wo n't be disappointed by the Bonus Track , which is worth the price of the DVD itself .
 Essential for the completist . Lotsa info for those whe were not into the Yardbirds when they were together and have come to their senses or for those who were not here in the '60s .
 Excellant DVD . Had a lot of info I did n't know about the band . Highly recommended .
 This is an awesome CD . The title track will put you in a state of mind that makes other music become just noise.A truly talented man .
 This is one of those special moments CD . The music transends reality , to a place of peace . Those that have stressful lives will enjoy the moments of peace on this CD . My favorite is the Serenity of Heaven . You can loop this track to play over and over for the desired effect.Enjoy the music . I did .
 Jocelyn enriquez is a good singer . She has a good voice . When I get Close to you is a great song . And all the remixes are great too . She has a great life . I think .
 Haunting Melodies come from excellent Keyboard work and long songs allow them to linger in your mind . Sparse vocals throughout the album . Think of a dark forest at night during the middle ages when listening to this album .
 Although the music of this CD was just what I needed to teach a lesson on early jazz and it 's influence on the artist , Mondrian , I was disappointed that it did not have the cover sheet shown or any information about the artists . The CD package was broken ... Other than that , it was fun to play it as the children in my art class painted their own version of `` Boogie Woogie Broadway '' by Mondrian.Art Specialist -- Las Vegas , Nevada
 Finalizing my collection of vinyl and cassette to digital media . Amazon makes it very affordable . High ranked vendors not only have quality merchandise but ship quickly too .
 Split Enz made their second attempt at world pop domination on this album , the follow-up to `` True Colors . '' `` Corroboree '' -LRB- or `` Waiata '' for us Yanks who bought in on vinyl in 1981 -RRB- is not quite as strong as its predecessor , but still has some astounding songwriting from Neil and Tim Finn . But once again , American stardom eluded them , despite such strong contenders as `` History Never Repeats , '' `` One Step Ahead '' and `` Ghost Girl . `` It is interesting to me that , as the band lost their eccentric get-ups and stage shows , their music became more and more confident . The opener , `` Hard Act To Follow , '' had the kind of choral hook that most bands would kill for , and the crashing chords on `` History '' never fail to make me smile . The haunting melody of `` Ghost Girl '' has stayed with me for almost 30 years , and `` Iris '' gives hints of balladry to come -LRB- like `` Message To My Girl '' or Neil 's later Crowded House songs -RRB- . The bring down is the inclusion of two - yes two - instrumentals , which then reeked of filler , and today sound like synthed-out 80 's trifles . I have at times wondered if they were under pressure to put this out to capitalize on the US semi-success of `` I Got You . '' Especially after the legendary story that A&M ; retitled and recolored the album when they determined the title and the color brown would ` put off ' American buyers . Dopey marketing or not , `` Corroborre '' has enough good songs on it to overcome its weaknesses .
 Split Enz made their second attempt at world pop domination on this album , the follow-up to `` True Colors . '' `` Corroboree '' -LRB- or `` Waiata '' for us Yanks who bought in on vinyl in 1981 -RRB- is not quite as strong as its predecessor , but still has some astounding songwriting from Neil and Tim Finn . But once again , American stardom eluded them , despite such strong contenders as `` History Never Repeats , '' `` One Step Ahead '' and `` Ghost Girl . `` It is interesting to me that , as the band lost their eccentric get-ups and stage shows , their music became more and more confident . The opener , `` Hard Act To Follow , '' had the kind of choral hook that most bands would kill for , and the crashing chords on `` History '' never fail to make me smile . The haunting melody of `` Ghost Girl '' has stayed with me for almost 30 years , and `` Iris '' gives hints of balladry to come -LRB- like `` Message To My Girl '' or Neil 's later Crowded House songs -RRB- . The bring down is the inclusion of two - yes two - instrumentals , which then reeked of filler , and today sound like synthed-out 80 's trifles . I have at times wondered if they were under pressure to put this out to capitalize on the US semi-success of `` I Got You . '' Especially after the legendary story that A&M ; retitled and recolored the album when they determined the title and the color brown would ` put off ' American buyers . Dopey marketing or not , `` Corroborre '' has enough good songs on it to overcome its weaknesses .
 Split Enz was faced with following up their most commercially successful release , `` True Colors '' , and , on an artistic level at least , they did not disappoint . `` Corroboree '' -LRB- `` Waitia '' here in the USA -RRB- brims with catchy , hook laden pop dramas that resound in your head long after you put the CD away . It is a pity that it did n't sell as well in the States as `` True Colors '' . This was the album that should have sent Split Enz to superstar status . As things turned out , it stands as a creative peak for an underappreciated group .
 Corroboree -LRB- as the album is known in Australia -RRB- is the followup to Split Enz ' triumphant record `` True Colours '' . Like `` True Colours '' , `` Corroboree '' was produced by David Tickle . Although `` True Colours '' deliberately had different colour combinations on the cover , Noel Crombie was shocked when America decided to have their own colour combinations for `` Corroboree '' . Appropriately enough , the opening track for this album is called `` Hard Act to Follow '' . That famous phrase just about sums up the pressure Split Enz were under to produce something that matched the commercial success of `` True Colours '' . To satisfy the record companies , the band were obliged to make History Repeat.Two songs by Neil Finn , `` One Step Ahead '' and `` History Never Repeats '' became the singles , along with Tim Finn 's `` I Do n't Wan na Dance '' . Although `` Corroboree '' failed to achieve the same level of success as `` True Colours '' , this is still a good album . -LRB- It reached No. 1 in New Zealand . -RRB- For me the stand-out song is `` History Never Repeats '' . All the songs are good , really . `` Ghost Girl '' is kind of sad . The album concludes with a pleasant instrumental by Eddie Rayner called `` Albert of India '' . If Split Enz were not satisfied with `` Corroboree '' , they would surpass themselves with their next album `` Time and Tide '' .
 I wo n't get into the debth and with of this album , I just have to a write a few lines and say that this , to me , is one of the best albums of its time . I absolutely love Split Enz , the two Finn Brothers and the whole wibe and feel of this band , in it 's many incarnations . If you are new to Split Enz , but know of and have heard Crowded House , then this is a very good way to star appreciating Split Enz . The band was going very strong , incorporating more and more the extremly professional pop song sensibility of Neil Finn , merging it with Tim Finn 's weary melancholy , and not least both members quirky and at times superbly dark lyrics.An absolute joy , I ca n't recommend it enough .
 The follow-up to 1979 's `` True Colors '' , it is far better than that album . -RCB- Except for Mick Haggerty , s artwork of `` True Colors '' -RCB- . Even though it followed the same formula as its predecessor , it , s the one for me . Some of the group , s best material , is heard here . It is also better than 82 's `` Time and Tide '' . It represents `` Split Enz '' at the high point of their creative career.for me it is one of the most enjoyable albums they recorded . I think it was captured while the band still had lots of energy and spontaneity . Their creative juices were still flowing great.I think it is one of the best of thier albums . `` I think it , s a little weird in places , but all of the tracks are strong from beginning to end , including the two instrumentals on the album `` Wail '' , and `` Albert of India.The nucleus of the group was still in tact at this period , with producer David Tickle at the Helm . This classy art rock band from `` New Zealand '' perform at it , s best . The stylistic production shows through on the album and a few of my favourite cuts are : the slow brooding , `` One Step Ahead '' , `` Iris '' and `` Ghost Girl '' . I feel that this music is one way of perserving the early 80 , s.
 Split Enz at its finest!A remastering of the orginal release of Waiata/Corroboree -LRB- I have the Waita LP -RRB- with a bonus track written by Tim . In some songs one can hear , for the first time , full intros , outros and quite a few nuiances that can not be heard at normal listening volume on the original . The synth/keyboard/piano and vocals are brought to the forefront , sometimes at the expense of the guitars and bass , with the drums and various percussive sounds in the middle . This gives quite a number of songs a ` crisper ' feel where other songs , in my opinion , suffer a little for it . Overall , worth the money and time , even if you already have the original .
 though not as poppy and catchy as true colours , still good ... when i first heard the album i quickly shelved it but after a future listen it finally grew on me ... listen to `` walking through the ruins '' and `` i do n't wan na dance . '' `` hard act to follow could be one of the best songs i have heard in a LONG time ...
 Although a little uneven , this release has two timeless ballads -LRB- `` Iris '' and `` One Step Ahead '' -RRB- and some rollicking good time pop songs -LRB- History Never Repeats , I Do n't Wan na Dance , Hard Act To Follow -RRB- and the dazzling `` Ships '' which is one of my favorite Enz songs . Actually I think it is better than thier debut and shows a lot of growth .
 True Colors showed Spit Enz ability to write great lighthearted pop songs with a bit of the cutting edge that the group started with . Waiata continued that sound and began to showcase the great talent of Neil Finn . Songs like History Never Repeats , Ships and Iris are great examples of his outstanding vocals . The songs are perfect new wave era . Split Enz tried hard to fit into that movement and they did very well . They 're style was slightly off kilter but still accessible . This is the band at it 's peak .
 Corroboree '' -LRB- or Waiata depending upon whether you bought this and listened to it in Austrlia or New Zealand -RRB- finds Split Enz delivering another terrific album . The follow up to `` True Colours '' brought them close to international success as `` I Got You '' broke through on radio in the United States . Featuring a number of terrific songs , Neil Finn steps in with some of his most infectious work yet ; both `` History Never Repeats '' and `` One Step Ahead '' got airplay in the United States -LRB- as did `` I Do n't Wan na Dance '' -RRB- but the sublime `` Iris '' hints at the delights of the next album 's `` Message To My Girl '' . Rayner checks in himself with `` Wail '' a terrific instrumental and `` Albert of India '' . Tim 's `` Walking Through The Ruins '' and `` Ghost Girl '' are both terrific tracks as well.Although generally some fans feel this is a less consistent album than `` True Colours '' , I would disagree . Even if it does have filler -LRB- and there are those that would argue that point -RRB- , the filler is better than most bands best tracks . Both Neil and Tim are in top form contribuing some of their best songs and the instrumentals are always interesting to listen to . We do get a bonus track -- `` In the War '' a very good b-side to the single `` History Never Repeats '' . We also get complete lyrics -LRB- with the exception of the bonus track -RRB- but no liner notes discussing the making of the album.Rayner 's remix does improve on the original mixesbringing out details lost with the previous mix -LRB- due in part because the source for the U.S. edition was probably a copy of the safety master -RRB- and improving the clarity and detail of the recording.There is a trade off however as the remix although it does sound somewhat like the original CD and vinyl , also does suffers from the heavy compression/reduced dynamic range that is a flaw with most modern CD 's -LRB- this usually results in a loud CD where there is no difference between the quietest moments and the loudest as well as listener fatigue -RRB- . Nevertheless , detail and clarity are much improved . `` Corroboree '' has some tracks that rank among the best that Neil , Tim and Eddie wrote . This , along with `` Frenzy '' , `` Mental Notes '' , `` True Colours '' and `` Time & Tide '' is definitely worth picking up.FrenzyandMental NotesandTrue ColoursandTime and TideSome memorable albums recorded later include : WoodfaceTry Whistling ThisandBefore & AfterThe original album is -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- worth four or five stars while the remix/remaster deserves three . It 's a pity the original master tapes were not found in time for this reissue -LRB- although to my understanding they have since been discovered -RRB- .
 I do n't know how this album fell through the cracks in america when it was released as Waiata on A&M . I did buy True Colours And it never left my turntable for at least a couple of years . Another great album ... Back to Corroboree First the remix is Hot & Loud & Clean -LRB- my hats off to Eddie Rayner for a GREAT job remastering -RRB- ... Hard act to follow never sounded this pumped up especially towards the end . Songs that i have n't heard like , I Do n't Wan na Dance , Walking Through The Ruins and Ships will make you wan na dance as for the cut IRIS what a beautiful slice of juicy Pop . The Finn brothers were definitely out doing each other on this album ... also Eddie Rayner 's instrumentals are a nice colors to add to to this great album . If you are a split enz fan then you know what i 'm Raving About , If not and you want to be , Then Start With This Album ... You Wo n't Be Disappointed
 Over Kill is my personal favorite Motorhead album . It 's rough and raw compared to the more polished megaseller Ace of Spades , and it 's packed with better songs compared to Bomber . The multiple `` false '' endings of the title track into the beginning of Stay Clean is one of my favorite segue ways ever . This is a must have CD for anyone interested in Motorhead , heavy metal , punk , thrash , or any other genre of `` fast and loud '' music . Philthy opens the album with thunderous drums , and the energy does n't let up until the CD is done . Fast Eddie is on fire throughout , and some of Lemmy 's best lyrics -LRB- and even a bass solo during Stay Clean -RRB- are featured as well . If you are a new fan this is a great CD to start with ; if you 've been into Motorhead for a while and do n't have this one you 're missing the most important piece of the band 's history.Four of my all-time favorite Motorhead songs are on here
 If you want some good ol' fashion raw speed metal , this is your album . Fast , loud , and raw . This is one Motorhead album , ofcourse Motorhead is one great band . So yea , if you want some good speed metal this is for you .
 Motorhead is one of the most influential bands - they made speed metal rock n roll and influenced a lot of metal and rock bands who like to play it fast . late 70s saw the release of Overkill which is a killer of a record and saw speed metal bring a popular early start . motorhead is still strong today too !!
 Cut the crap ! it 's motorhead , it 's rock n ' roll , loud , dirty , agressive , but also a singalong album.By far , my favourite Motorhead album , actually the only one that still survives in my collection nowadays.many eternal hard rock classics that must be listened by every metal , hard rock , stoner fan of the XXI century.check out Overkill , stay clean , no class , i 'll be your sister , metropolis .
 Motorhead are without a doubt one of the best heavy metal bands of all time . I 've listened to alot of great albums from these guys including the classic Ace Of Spades , Bomber , Iron Fist , No Sleep Til Hammersmith , Rock 'N' Roll , and Orgastmatron , but the band 's classic 1979 album Overkill is in my opion their very best album . This album helped Lemmy Kilmister -LRB- vocals , bass -RRB- , `` Fast '' Eddie Clarke -LRB- guitars -RRB- , and `` Philthy '' Phil Taylor -LRB- drums -RRB- define themselves as the innovators of a whole new genre in rock that Motorhead would take to the next level known as Thrash/Speed Metal . From the wicked double bass drum intro in the classic title cut to the crushing closer Limb To Limb , Overkill is a classic thrash/speed metal album that every metal fan should own in their collection . So if you 're looking for some classic thrash/speed metal , this album is yours , get it now . LONG LIVE MOTORHEAD ! Thanks Lemmy . BTW
 I you are new fan who does n't know which one of the countless Motoralbums to purchase first then look no further ... `` Overkill '' was the first album to get the public 's attention . It features concert regular classics such as `` Metropolis '' , `` Stay Clean '' and the overkilling title-track . This edition of `` Overkill '' includes an interesting batch of bonus tracks such as the Kinks cover `` Louie Louie '' which was Motorhead 's first hit single.All the tracks on this album are headbanging gems and now it is 50 % extended . Get it , it 's a good choice .
 Motorhead put their blueprint together for this album , and it is very good -LRB- especially `` Pay Your Price '' and `` I 'll be Your Sister '' -RRB- but they still needed to hone in on the speed and aggression .
 One of Mot&ouml;rhead 's best , ... offers their usual mix of groove infused speed metal with some atmosphere -LRB- `` Capricorn '' -RRB- and punk inspired hark rock -LRB- `` Tear Ya Down '' -RRB- . A very strong album , with no weak tracks !
 I decided to buy this album because my good friends Metallica told me they really liked this band . They covered four songs of theirs on their garage , inc. album , so I thought they could n't be that bad . And Motorhead are awesome ! This is wonderful noise , especially the title track -LRB- which feels like it can go on forever , which is OK by me -RRB- , and Stay Clean , which has a great bass solo in it . Lemmy ca n't really sing , but that 's OK , I still dig the crazy vibe this album has . It 's also hard to believe this guy are only a trio , as they sound larger than that . Overkill is a perfect introduction to the genius -LRB- ? -RRB- of Motorhead .
 Its Motorhead , which means1 . no filler2 . no bad songs3 . all is amazing4 . amazing riffs and solos5 . classic metal that started alotand most of all6 . MOTORHEAD WILL NOT DIE , IT WILL GO ON FOREVER!So basically what im saying is , review is pointless cause its amazing and if you dont get this then you must not like metal all that much.SOOO buy this album , you will not regret .
 This may be my favorite Motorhead record ! Tons of killer tracks like I Wo n't Pay Your Price , I 'll be Your Sister , Limb from Limb , Tear Ya Down , and of course the title track . This record bridges the gap between Power and Thrash/speed metal . Enjoyable to listen to from start to finish . You get some non-lp tracks on the Cd too , including their great cover of Louie Louie .
 This is the original Motorhead lineup , and this album rocks from start to finish . I wo n't even bother naming all of the killer tracks on it because they all rock . Overkill is the most famous song , obviously , but you can listen to this disc all the way through and your headbanging wo n't miss a beat!Highly Recommended to fans of both heavy metal and Motorhead .
 Overkill is an amazing heavy rock album ! Lemmy really marks his place in the music history with OVERKILL . After Overkill , Motorhead became a legend and all Lemmy 's stuff turns into first class genuine true heavy rock n'roll .
 Great album ! Lemme 's bass kicks ass . The first four songs are rockin . Capricorn is the only song on the album I tend to skip . Tear Ya Down , I 'll be Your Sister , Stay Clean , Metropolis , all amazing . The B sides are great as well . You wo n't go wrong . Bomber and Iron Fist also rank up in the Top 3 Motorhead albums !
 This rock album is for anyone who likes dirty rock and classic heavy metal . Its one step closet to their unique Ace of Spades . The melodies are super , the solos fantastic . You will love this album . I love the vocals - > It may take you some time to get used to them but once you do , you will be another fan of them . The music iv very high energetic and it gives you a pleasant feeling . A must for anybody .
 `` Overkill '' is probably my favorite of all the early Motorhead albums . The title track remains a major part of the band 's set list to this day , and the second track `` Stay Clean '' is a concert staple as well . Lemmy 's over the top bass just rips on this album with Fast Eddie 's screaming guitar not far behind . This album was also recorded extremely well , which ca n't be said for quite a few Motorhead discs . It has stood the test of time in a very positive way . There is not really a week track on this one and aside from the stolen riff on `` No Class '' , which pretty much mimic 's ZZ Top , the album is a pretty solid from top to bottom . If there was ever any doubt that Motorhead were ahead of their time , this album is proof positive . No one was doing music like this in 1979 and it eventually led to Metallica and all their brethren that followed . If you are into Motorhead `` Overkill '' is a must own album .
 Motorhead were on the scene but struggling to survive in the late seventies even as their debut album was making an impact . However it was a one off deal with the record company and the band was orphaned once more until Bronze Records signed them in late ' 78 . This would begin the classic era of the world 's most devastating power trio as evidenced by their first Bronze release ` Overkill ' early the next year . Kicked off by the ultimate speed metal anthem in the title track , ` Overkill ' would be for many fans , the definitive Motorhead LP -LRB- though many also cite ` Ace of Spades ' or the live album as well -RRB- . Other notables that define the head banging onslaught that was Lemmy , Fast Eddie and Philthy Phil off the ` Overkill ' album include `` Stay Clean '' , `` No Class '' , `` Metropolis '' , `` Capricorn '' and `` Damage Case '' all of which have appeared on numerous compilations over the years . Surprising is the fact that classic rock veteran Jimmy Miller produced this beast ! Miller who thought he knew rock n ' roll decadence through his work on the greatest works of the Stones must have wretched a double take working with Lemmy -LRB- reportedly Miller was in the depths of his own addictions -RRB- . Whatever magic Miller was able to work proved to be metal gold as Motorhead was starting to make waves on the international scene and would continue record throughout their breakthrough ... shut up , you talk to loud ... LOUD ? For 1979 ? Motorhead 's volume was absurd ... but brilliant !
 This is another of the essiential Motorhead albums , great songs , and just pure uncompromizing musicanship .
 I knew Motorhead Rocked , but this second effort shows them jelling into a classic band . All the big tunes , `` Stay Clean '' , `` Metropolis '' , and `` Louie , Louie '' Are solid . The ones I have n't heard `` Pay Your Price '' , `` Tear Ya Down '' , and `` Limb By Limb '' were great surprises too . If you 're a Motorhead fan or are new to the band This ones a must have !
 when i hear this bad nasty music i feel that my ears are being raped . but i ca n't help myself
 WHAT CAN I SAY ... JUST ONE MORE GREAT CD FROM A BAND WITH NOT ENOUGH CREDIT . BUT , IN A SICK WAY I LIKE IT THAT WAY IT MAKES MOTORHEAD CLOSER TO ME
 `` Overkill '' was a big step forward from Motorhead 's eponymous debut , it cemented the group 's famous sound , and it features the classics `` Metropolis , '' `` Stay Clean , '' `` No Class , '' and the title track . But nearly every song on here is a hit , and these songs will tattoo themselves to your brain after only one listen . The beats are ultra infectious and rhythmic , and are laden with irresistable hooks , and the songs are composed of fast , memorable , groovey riffs , bouncy drum patterns , grumbling bass notes , and gruff vocals.The album begins with one of the best . `` Overkill '' -LRB- the title track -RRB- is driven by a propulsive , fast , thumping , speed-punk drum beat , and is complimented with a very catchy guitar line and a wailing guitar solo . The album continues with `` Stay Clean , '' which features wah-wah guitars and a chorus you 'll have bouncing around your head for days . Later on , `` No Class , '' which has a toe-tapping rhythm , is a concert and fan favorite , and `` Damage Case '' boasts a pair of fairly long solos and another unforgettable chorus . Track eight , `` Tear Ya Down , '' has some almost breathtakingly awesome guitar work , and , likewise , `` Metropolis '' has five wailing solos ; and `` Limb From Limb '' is highlighted by humming riffs , crashing drums , and three speaker-shredding solos.If you get the remastered edition of this album -LRB- which you should and most likely will -RRB- , five extra tracks are included , including two b-sides -LRB- `` Too Late , Too Late '' and `` Like A Nightmare '' -RRB- , as well as an instrumental version of `` Tear Ya Down , '' and two covers of `` Louie Louie '' -LRB- both of which are as catchy -- maybe even catchier -- than the original -RRB- . So , 1980 's `` Ace of Spades '' may have catapulted Motorhead into superstardom and the mainstream , but their second album , 1979 's `` Overkill , '' was their first classic -LRB- which is arguably as great as `` Ace of Spades '' -RRB- . If you consider yourself any kind of Motorhead , speed metal , or heavy metal fan , this disc is a must .
 For all you kiddies raised on Slipknot and Limp Bizkit , better buy this album and start a whole new life . If you 're looking for the quintessential heavy metal album , want to know what metal was like at the height of its glory , well you finally found it.No metal band ever did any better than Motorhead on this dark , grinding , and super-cool album . Overkill , Stay Clean , Metropolis , Capricorn and No Class are the top classics but the whole album will blow you away start to finish.The most groundbreaking thing about this record , back in 1979 and still today , is that it sounds aggressive , melancholic and cool , all at the same time . It has the energy of metal , the dark , post-industrial sound of space rock , the no-future feel of punk , and the basic , but very effective , song schemes of rock 'n roll . Thanks to the great guitar work and drumming by Fast Eddie and Philty Animal Taylor , the music is never too dense or plodding along . But it is mainly the emphasis on Lemmy 's bass lines that makes it achieve the most difficult thing in hard music
 Motorhead 's release of OVERKILL , originally released in 1979 , is a headbanging classic . Back in the late 70s , nobody , & I mean nobody was playing faster , thrashier , & more aggressive than Motorhead . Simply put , they helped re-invent the genre of heavy metal that was started in the early 70s with Led Zeppelin , Black Sabbath , Deep Purple , among others . Motorhead helped usher in a new subgenrte of heavy metal called thrash metal -LRB- aka speed metal -RRB- . Motorhead helped usher in the NEW WAVE OF BRITISH HEAVY METAL in the late 70s-early 80s . Lemmy Kilmister 's trademark vocals & aggressive bass playing , along with the aggressive drumming of Phil `` Philthy Animal '' Taylor , & the thrasy manic guitars of `` Fast '' Eddie Clarke makes up the classic Motorhead line-up . OVERKILL is one of their accomplished releases in the early days of the band . THe band is in classic form on the title track , `` Stay Clean '' , '' -LRB- I Wo n't -RRB- Pay Your Price '' , & `` No Class '' . OVERKILL is a great way for a new fan of heavy metal to be introduced to the legacy of Motorhead . Without Motorhead , there would be no Metallica , no Anthrax , & no Megadeth.Do yourself a favour & pick up this disk today !
 Motorhead-Overkill ***** `` Only way to feel the noise is when it 's good and loud '' Lemmy Kilmister testifies on the very first line of the what many consider to be teh greatest hard rock album of all time . Overkill is unlike any other Motorhead album yet it encompass everything that we would see and love about the band in the years to come . Powerful , angry , intelligent , and incredible rock n ' roll . ` Overkill ' the massively influential title track , ` No Class ' and the riff frenzy that is ` Damage Case ' are all here . All three of which are easily the bands most influential tracks , with out the likes of whom bands like Metallica would have never formed . But more than that is the gender bending , though not really ` Ill Be Your Sister ' the spacey ` Capricorn ' the mania of ' -LRB- I Wo n't -RRB- Pay Your Price ' and the ` Limb From Limb ' which may or may not be the very best Motorhead tune of all time.Riffs from out of this world played by Fast Eddie Clarke . Some of the most solid drumming of all time is played by Philthy Taylor . But Lemmy shines here the most . His bass is more prominent on Overkill than any other album and his lyrics are some of his more personal and strongest . While he had n't taken on any serious subjects like war , and politics as he would later these are still some of his best lyrics.Overkill was a landmark album for metal , punk , and rock n ' roll . While never really fitting into either of those genres it still is claimed by all . Overkill caused a million kids to form bands , and launched Motorhead into cult status . Along with Bomber , and of course Ace Of Spades , Overkill is essential for early Motorhead .
 If you think you know what they mean when they say `` Heavy Metal '' and you have never heard this album ... than you are lying to yourself . Lemmy of Motorhead had been noodling around with a few sounds , and a few line-ups since about ' 74 , trying to create a bar band that was as true to the term `` Kick A & & '' as he was . The peices slowly fell together a year or so earlier when he got the trio together to make up the first real line-up to Motorhead . While the debut album was a frenzy of hard rockin sound that literally bounced off your walls and into your brain stem , it was here with OVERKILL that the band took it past the limits and created the most balls out heavy metal experience around.Overkill is the album that really shows how epic metal can be , without all of the extended jams or the drawn out solos . In fact , every song is pretty basic , and under five minutes . But it packs the punch . This album is best coupled with Bomber , the bands next release ... however the latter album mellows out just a tad -LRB- it 'll still make your mommas head explode though -RRB- ... Overkill is pretty much the pinnacle , of nasty , bad ace rock , roll and metal . Arrrrrrgggggg ... lets slug some whiskey and jump on things !
 Some musical purists may turn up their noses , but I do n't see how anyone who enjoys 30-40 minutes of straight-ahead , no-BS rock could dislike Motorhead . `` Overkill '' is a 100-percenter of an album , meaning every cut here is a complete classic , and I never have to hit the `` skip '' button once . Furthermore , I 'm going to need to create a new designation for future albums I review , called CVR.CVR stands for Certified Volume Raiser , and it goes to any album that involuntarily causes me to reach for the control marked `` Volume '' and adjust so as to make the music louder . `` Overkill '' is one of those albums.Anyway , rock albums that clock in at under 40 minutes with zero cheesy power ballads rule the earth . -LRB- Not that cheesy power ballads are always a bad thing . -RRB- `` Overkill '' fits that bill to a T , and you could make the argument that at times this record is almost punkish in its intensity . Alternatively , songs such as `` Capricorn '' and `` Metropolis '' , nicely slow the pace down to that of a chugging runaway train , and kick tail THAT way.The best song on this album is `` Limb From Limb '' , which starts out as a Hendrix-like tune before opening up the throttle and going all-out toward its roaring conclusion . A classic . `` Stay Clean '' is another finalist for Best Song , because when you first hear it , it does n't sound like anything special , but as with the best songs it gets better and better with every listen.Everyone says Motorhead and this album in particular influenced speed metal . While that may be true , for me it 's just good solid hard rock-type JAMS . A true CVR , indeed . 10 out of 10 .
 Are you man enough to get this album ? I was ... Look who covers just the songs on this album
 I 'll tell you only one thing.I pressed 5 stars because there were not a 6th star available for me to click on it !!! That 's all!Hail Lemmy !!!! Best album ever !!!
 limb from limb one of moterheads greatest tracks had it on LP but it was scratched had to have it on cd . been a fan since first came across bomber as a teenager . 47 years old and I still love lemmy , fast eddie and philthy animal taylor their still the bomb ha
 `` Overkill '' was released in 1979 and have stood the test of time very well . It still sounds great and the tracks included are among the best in Motorhead 's almost 30 year long career . Even ` tho the title track ai n't so good as many claim , there are lots of other great songs . Some well known like `` No class '' , `` Damage case '' , and `` Stay clean '' , but also more `` rare '' gems in the shape of `` I wo n't pay your price '' and `` I 'll be your sister '' . Lemmy & Co show us that Motorhead is far more than sheer noise , and the fact is that this album with hindsight is n't that heavy or speedy at all . It 's more of energized rock and roll , and all references to punk rock is totally wrong . This is Motorhead 's second best effort after `` Ace of spades '' . I give this album 4 very strong stars , going close to 5 !
 These guys are really good , if you like Entombed or Slayer , you should give these guys a listen . This was a great find . These guys really death and roll great . The third song is my favorite , -LRB- ca n't stop playing it -RRB- .
 I recently discovered this band while surfing the net.I sampled a few songs off their website , and I really loved Bemoaned Animosity.I was n't sure if I 'd like them that much , but wow was I wrong.Their tagline says it all , Death Trash Chaos!This cd has got to be one of my favorites , an instant classic for me.I find it difficult to compare them to other bands , as they have their own sound.My sister chuckled when she heard the name of the cd , but after she heard the title track , she was hooked and loves it as much as I do.It 's certainly heavy , but blends thrash and death metal so well that I never really notice , cause I 'm to busy head bangin ' !
 This band has some very good music . The track ` Let Me Be Your Tank ' has to be my favorite off the entire album .
 Ok . The Fawn was a fine record . The Biz was -LRB- without exception -RRB- the best thing these guys have put out . Oui ? This is still quality jazz pop from some of the most centered , innovative musicians making music today.This still is very original sounding stuff -LRB- Like you 've heard it before somewhere , but you just ca n't put your finger on it -RRB- . Oui sounds like the next step in the evolution of a fine , experimental , jazz rock band . 10 years ago , anything with the jazz rock tag would 've been put out with the weekend beer bottles by those in the know . I am very impressed how the distinctive personalities of this band mesh so seemlessly . True , Sam Prekopf 's vocals seem a bit limited -LRB- one breathless intonation after another -RRB- , but with the nifty jazz chords of Archer Prewitt , the obviously in -LRB- deservedly -RRB- demand production skills of John McEntire , and the fine anchoring bass of Eric Claridge , you get a record which really transcends the concept of `` jazz rock '' -LRB- see Steely Dan -RRB- . I really dig the analog keyboards and the other melodic percussion . The production does sound a little bit like Sterolab-lite -LRB- Well , gee , John Mc . was around for that stuff , too . -RRB- , but that band still sounds like robots compared to this . The four distinct personalities in this band come together like no other right now.The new wave jazz of this band has never sounded better.Recommended for the night after -LRB- 04:45 AM Chicago time -RRB- . The Sea and Cake continues to set the precedent for the entire `` jazz-rock '' concept . -LRB- For those those who do n't dig the `` breathless '' vocals of Sam Prekopf , look to fine records from Archer Prewitt . Each one , again , better than the last -RRB- .
 One can not help but find themselves entranced in the soundscapes the this Chicago group creates . Songs such as , `` Afternoon Speaker '' , and the cruising vocals of Sam Prekop bring you back to what I may call , `` a simpler time '' , some kind of nostalgia mode . Strange are these vast songs , that seem to span to the horizon , yet remind you how good it feels to use your headphones and keep things all to your self . Like a chapter of a good book , this album keep you rolling upon sand dunes , and finally ending with sand caked to your feet and a good tan , and your afternoon still continuing . An excellent album . -LRB- As a side note , the design of the album 's case is fantastic -RRB- .
 The soft , demure quality of the Sea and Cake is preserved in `` Oui , '' their fifth release . Smooth electronica , excellent instrumentation and warm , intimate vocals bring the positively titled `` Oui `` out like a lazy afternoon ray of sunshine . As always , the Sea and Cake is outstanding.The jazzy , ethereal `` Afternoon Speaker '' opens the album on a strong note , followed by slow ballads -LRB- the fragile instrumental `` You Beautiful Bastard '' -RRB- , sensuously mellow tunes -LRB- `` Two Dolphins '' -RRB- , and a touch of vibrant earthiness to ground the light tunes -LRB- the African-tinged `` Colony Room '' -RRB- , before finishing on the sweet , sad `` I Missed the Glance '' -LRB- `` Sunday 's best is hopeless/dying to let you know/I thought so '' -RRB- Delicate pop with a dash of jazz is still in good form in `` Oui . '' It 's not quite the best that these guys have done , but it 's still solid and smooth , depending more on the horns and ripply strings than the electronics . Overall it ends up being relaxing and soothing rather than vibrant . This is not an album to dance to , but to drowse in a deck chair on a lazy summer 's day.Prekop 's lazy , soft vocals can carry listeners away , especially when he sings stuff like `` Graceful sunsets are cheating in the air , do you dare ? '' At times he sounds a bit too breathy , which means at times the lyrics seem to waft away . The instrumentation is similar to his vocals -- light and breezy , alternating between soft indie-pop and jazz . Listen for the flute and clarinet , which add a brightness to the flow of keyboards , strings and sax.The musical experimentation is subtle enough that you wo n't really be able to tell it 's there . A dash of bossa nova there , some marimbas there , a shimmery riff over there . `` Oui '' also benefits from a bit of outside help
 Miles Davis decades ago released an album called `` Birth Of The Cool '' . We know what he meant . Not trendy , but smooth , ethereal , almost cosmic music that bebop honed to a fine point . It 's nice to see that the `` cool '' lives on with The Sea and Cake , and no more so than on their fifth and greatest CD so far , `` Oui '' . The extended intro to `` Afternoon Speaker '' sets the tone for a lilting dreamy listening experience that conjures images of smoky jazz clubs of the early fifties , showcases the deeply buried drum mix that propels but does n't punish the groove , offers tasty guitar chording and a touch of modern electronica in their keyboards , and , the most important ingredient , the whisper of a voice provided by Sam Prekop.No other vocal style would work in this atmosphere . The music is so bouyant that any other style , including his earlier vocals on the debut `` The Sea And Cake '' and `` The Biz '' would be intrusive . Imagine this CD playing as you travel across a lonely stretch of interstate far away in the middle of the night , with the stars shining , perhaps a lazy waning moon following along for company . As your mind relaxes the music starts to lift off and carry you away . It is n't hard to imagine the vibes being delivered from some unseen but beautiful force in the dark sky as opposed to your CD player.Yes , `` Oui '' is that good . Transcendent without being overbearing like a lot of jazz can be , mainstream enough to appeal to pop sensibilities yet sophisticated and smart . The quietest moments of Steely Dan , perhaps `` Aja '' 's `` Deacon Blues '' or their later work `` Two Against Nature '' gives one a reference point where they leave off and the Sea and Cake take the most subtle points and build from . This is no clone band , though . It 's wonderfully original despite its influences and a huge improvement over the first four efforts , even though the Sea and Cake fans seem to be divided between early and later works.Settle in and drift away .
 it 'll be like this
 Having never heard of this band before , I picked up this album from a Border 's Bookshop store where I could sample the tunes first . Upon first sampling I thought it was interesting and fresh ; I had n't really heard a lot of music like this before . Upon repeated listenings , layers upon layers of new musical discoveries started trickling out of my loudspeakers . I was dumbfounded ! To this day , Oui is one of the few albums I have that I can put on any time of day and enjoy thoroughly without reservation - I can not say this of very many albums that I have . I can not praise this album enough , if I could give it 10 stars , I would . The reason is that it sounds great ; the album is quirky yet very accessible ; the vocals are so different , yet once they get in your head you ca n't get enough of them and you would n't want them to be anything other than what they are ; the arrnagements are fabulous and the compositions inventive and refreshing . I can not recomment this album more highly !
 Following in the footsteps of `` The Fawn '' and Sam Prekop 's solo album . This easy going , smooth flow album is simply perfect . As Sam 's solo album , what I truly love about this album is the ability to play it anywhere for just about anything . Day or night , party or alone , driving or sitting , this is the one to listen to . If you love this album as much as I do , be sure to seek out the Japanese import which features two bonus songs , both excellent .
 there is no questions , there is no solos , this is a simple work . the title OUI , is very positive when you see the cover , almost , the design is beautiful , including `` ALL THE PHOTOS '' , -LRB- all by sam prekop -RRB- . OUI presents : positive messages ! please ! listen this ! and find the messages !
 The reason is that it sounds great is because the album is kinda odd-yet very accessible-the vocals are so unique , The instrumentation is great , the performance is right on the money . The melodies and interplay amongst the various instruments has always held my attention . Oui sounds like the next step of a fine tuned , experimental , rock band . I 'm always listening to and buying new music . I have generally liked most Sterolab songs so when I heard that Archer Prewitt had joined I figured I 'd take a shot.The occasional electronic textures are cool , not in-the-way . I have been listening to this CD a lot lately . All in all this is a very good album . If you like other bands in this genre like Spoon , Smoke Ring Days , and Death Cab for Cutie , you will most likely like this . The Sea and Cake are the jazziest of the bunch .
 Wow !!! Their comeback is great !!! I ca n't believe how smart , beautiful , and easy listening this album is . . Is it possible ?!?! Well , ` oui ' indicates that it is ... I am amazed . . EVERYONE WHO ENJOYS GREAT MUSIC AND WITTY ART WILL LOVE IT !!! GURANTEED !!! The album reminds me a lot like Sam 's solo last year but with John 's intense drumming it is alot more upbeat ... Eff it . . I ca n't say anymore , jus ' buy the damn thing already !!!! haha !!! PEACEOUTT !!!
 I 've listened to all the Sea and Cake 's albums , and this one is the best of them all . One reviewer disparages it for being too `` slick '' or over-produced . I think `` polished '' is a better word . This disc is the nearly-perfect result of years spent honing their craft . I admit that this was my introduction to their music . I think that the reviewers who knock it because they fell in love with previous C&K discs first are probably not allowing themselves to be objective . To do so , they would have to clear their aural slates and revisit this as though it were another band from the one that produced `` The Biz '' and `` The Fawn . '' If they did this , they would find a unique , beautiful , and well-crafted disc by a band at the top of its game .
 I think this is the best Sea & Cake album so far . Song for song , this stands up against any of their previous albums , and it 's their most cohesive album to date as well . The music could be described as latin jazz played by musicians with a rock background , or as rock music heavily informed by jazz influences . There are touches of synthesizers , there are breezes of strings , the guitars dance around each other , the drums create rhythms that are part latin , part kraut rock , while the bass anchors the entire album , creating a foundation -LRB- a mobile dynamic foundation -RRB- for the other players to weave their sounds around .
 Not overbearing or trite , it just is what it is , a lightly vocaled batch of tunes set over jazz and electric textures.Enjoyable .
 Unfortunately , this is the first Sea and Cake album that I have been exposed to . Not that it 's so bad , it 's just that I missed their premier pieces leading up to this . Had I listened to their other stuff before hand ... I would say this album deserves maybe seven or eight stars rather than the measly five I 'm allowed to offer.Look , hands down , this is TS&C 's crowning achievement . In no othere album have I heard this group meld latin flavor in so subtly , so delicately , that it can honestly make you cry . All the Photos is a perfect example of this . The guitar rhythms throughout the record reflect Brazillian patterns but with John McEntire 's steady rock feel on the drums , the record never drops in energy even if the songs are slow and sweet.Sam Prekop proves with this record that three-way fusion is possible . He mixes jazz , rock , and latin into one amzing artistic statement in ways that one can only dream possible . Not only that , but his vocals are so mind bogglingly mellow , that this record could not possibly fail . It just makes me wonder how in the world The Sea and Cake are going to mix celtic folk jams into their music ... cause they 've got to go somewhere else where they left off ...
 Some people find have bad taste in music and for the rest there is Sea and cake whose originality and creativity is a rarity these days . No cool videos or haircuts not even a cool belt ! but some damn fine music . just listen to `` all the Photos '' MAN !! Some people find this boring and i feel bad for their simple minds that can not wrap around the sea and cakes sweet melodies . the colony also is fabulous among others .
 On their 5th album , what once seemed like a fun side project was surely coming into its own , as a refined , more intimately arranged group offered what was arguably their sleekest sophistication to date .
 Something of a Cult band insofar as their albums -LRB- although critically applauded -RRB- are usually stumbled across by word of mouth . The unashamedly ` Easy Listening ' tag associated with their music , probably deters people . But if you actually listen to the tracks , there 's a preciousness to they very accessibly music , that although features lyrics of hushed sighs & several instrumental tracks feature throughout . You 'd have to be a cynical listener not to smile when hearing the catchy guitar pop of `` Afternoon Speaker '' , or indeed the acoustic lounge of `` The Leaf '' ... not an album to impress your friends with . But for music that evokes positive expression & sunny afternoon on every turn , restrained , Bittersweet indie Pop has rarely been so well composed .
 This is one of my favorite albums to chill to . Its very relaxing and chill but the songs still have a complex and somehow staccato driving like rhythm to them . The instrumentation is wonderful , the performance is flawless . I could do without the repetitive nearly 6 minutes long Beautiful Bastard though . The interlude towards the end of The Leaf is one of the most beautiful melodies I 've heard . The melodies are beautiful but not particularly catchy , the songs mesh together and flow onto one another to the point where in the end you ca n't seem to differentiate between them . This is the perfect album for escaping from whatever is going on in your life and it always puts me in a good mood . Some have said its dull and boring , but for me the melodies and interplay amongst the various instruments has always held my attention and the few upbeat songs on the album help liven things up a little ...
 if your a sea and cake fan ... do n't even bother reading the rest of this review ... just buy it ! if your not familiar with the sea and cake ... then i would recommend that you first pick up `` the fawn . '' however , for those who like `` the fawn '' ... you 'll like this as well . it seems to follow in the similar fashion . this release is more laid back like `` the fawn '' but unlike their older stuff ... thats a bit more upbeat . anyone who even slightly likes this band should definitely buy this . -LRB- also check out sam prekop 's solo release . -RRB-
 Though this album does seem to drag in certain places , it 's certainly worth having in your collection . After listening to it for a couple of months , this album has slowly creeped up the playlist of my collection . This is a very musical album . From a touch of DnB on the first track , an influence of new age bossa nova , and smooth light guitar melodies , not to mention the great vibes on track 5 . The lyrics are a bit whispery and difficult to decipher upon a first listen , but do n't let that discourage you . I must confess , this is my introduction to The Sea and Cake , and Oui has sparked my interest in hearing their previous work . Stand out tracks
 smooth , just the right amount of ` lectronic trickery . sam sounds great , almost articulate . glad to see this record up there in the top 200 , at least for the time being . it 's been a long wait for this one , but as with all tsac releases , the rewards come with time . beautiful pop/jazz meandering with vocals and attention to form , etc brilliant etc post-rock indie whatever .
 Personalmente , algunos de los aspectos que m&aacute;s valoro de la m&uacute;sica de The Sea and Cake son su suavidad , su melancol&iacute;a mezclada con una aparente inexpresividad , el uso de acordes con muchas notas -LRB- influencia del bossa nova y el jazz -RRB- y tonalidades menores -LRB- aunque aborden las tonalidades mayores como si fueran menores -RRB- y , principalmente , el hecho de que apenas se entienda lo que canta su vocalista , Sam Prekop , por m&aacute;s que doble y superponga sus voces . En este disco se refuerza esa sensaci&oacute;n de que los m&uacute;sicos apenas estuvieran tocando , como si tuvieran susto y se les estuvieran cayendo los instrumentos , y comenzaran a ser reemplazados por las bases y secuencias . Sin embargo , todo esto que a o&iacute;dos de algunos es reprochable , para m&iacute; es muy interesante , pues obliga a una atenta audici&oacute;n de los m&aacute;s &iacute;nfimos detalles y nos lleva a entender la enorme sutileza , exquisitez y pulcritud con que est&aacute;n enfrentando su m&uacute;sica . Esta maestr&iacute;a en el arte de la sugerencia se ve , sin embargo , sumada a otros aspectos
 I 've always really wanted to like the Sea and Cake , but their songs always seemed too wimpy to me - they always sounded limp and as though they were playing in the other room , very quietly . `` Oui , '' however , is everything they promised to be - jazzy , beautiful and really expansive . It sounds more like Sam Prekop 's solo record than like past S&C releases , which is awesome , and the occasional electronic textures are cool , not in-the-way . This is the Sea and Cake 's best album , in my opinion ... perfect chillout music , and more lively than their past work . -LRB- You should also buy Archer Prewitt 's solo records - they 're unbelievable ! Sam Prekop 's too . -RRB-
 I 'm a fan of cute music and this is definitely cute . It 's not hard or overbearing , it 's certainly not manufactured or banal . It 's fresh and relaxing . It 's the type of music I like to lay down and listen to all day .
 Karel Husa is an important American composer born in Prague , Czechoslovakia in 1921 . After initial music training in his home country , he lived in Paris from 1947 to 1954 , resisting a summon from the Czech government spawn from the Communist seizure of power in the early months of 1948 to return to his homeland . In Paris he studied composition with Honegger and Nadia Boulanger and conducting with Eug&egrave;ne Bigot , Jean Fournet and Andr&eacute; Cluytens , and already attracted some attention as a composer , earning prizes for his 1st string quartet from 1948 . In 1954 he answered an invitation of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , to become composition teacher , and established himself in the United States . He became a US citizen in 1959 and remained at Cornell until his retirement in 1992 . Husa thus followed a familiar pattern and path to the United States via pre - or post-war Paris , placing him in the good company of composers such as Ernest Bloch , Alexandre Tcherepnin , Miklos Rozsa and Igor Stravinsky -LRB- to say nothing of the even more numerous composers who jumped directly from their native country to the New , Sheltering and Promising World -RRB- . These biographical elements have some bearing on the contents of this present disc , as , though having spent the greater part of his life , and certainly of his years of maturity , in the United States , Husa always remained rather European-looking in his compositional outlook . His arrival in the US began a new , prolific and also more mature and personal chapter in his compositional career . He once stated that he probably would have been a much more conservative composer had he stayed home . But being confronted both to the past-masters and past masterpieces which he felt there was no point in trying to emulate , and to the intellectual turmoil that had seized the European composition scene in the post-war years , Husa was led to embrace many the new techniques -LRB- aleatoric procedures , quarter tones , polytonality , search for new sonorities -RRB- , but without relinquishing the link to the past forms . A few years ago he declared
 This is an unusual review in that I have never actually heard `` Music for Prague 1968 '' as a member of an audience . However , I have had the immense honor of playing this piece in a very respectable college wind ensemble . Husa 's work is not only powerful and moving , but a listener -LRB- or a performer like me -RRB- leaves the experience forever changed . I saw an audience sit for a full minute in complete silence at the conclusion of the Tocatta - no one dared to applaud . Innovative and inspiring , Husa is at his emotional best in these selections .
 Also as a performer of this piece , I must say that it is deeply moving from inside the music . Husa uses pure genius to create textures through instruments , and truly makes one feel as though they were in Prague during the Russian invasion . Having a somewhat biased opinion , I personally prefer the Aria -LRB- mostly because I play the saxophone -RRB- but also because it is a magnificently written work of pure genius . If you like music that tells a story , be prepared to fall in love with Music for Prague 1968 !
 Do you like Clutch ? Because if you do , you 'll recognize a lot of that band 's sound here . Thick , heavy grooves ? Check . Gravelly , wailed vocals ? Check . Thumping rhythm section ? Check . Massive guitar riffs and fuzzy lead work ? Well , you get the idea . However , past the Clutch resemblances , there is a lot that makes this album interesting . Joe Selby is an outstanding guitarist who pulls off an enormous array of sounds . Opener `` Fear Death By Water '' demonstrates the range of his abilities right off the bat , with a combination of monster riffs and addictive slide guitar work . Other , slower tunes see him branching out into acoustic work , with Dan Kerzwick bringing his vocal energy down a notch to match . The band mixes harder tunes with the slower and softer stuff for a while after `` Fear Death by Water , '' until it reaches its peak towards the end with the monstrously heavy `` Red Colony '' and `` Rumor Den . '' There are n't any truly weak songs on here , and the diversity of the songs keeps `` Seed of Decades '' from ever getting boring . I look forward to more good things to come from this band .
 Rarely does a rock band begin its major label career with an album as varied , multi-faceted , and flat-out heavy as `` Seed of Decades . '' Sixty Watt 's first CD , `` Ultra Electric , '' was released on indy label Game Two Records and suffers from horrible production and mixing . For people who have followed this band over the years and heard their sound evolve , this is the real debut album for Sixty Watt Shaman . `` Fear Death By Water '' features fantastic slide guitar work by Joe Selby , `` Poor Robert Henry '' invokes the spirit of `` No Quarter '' era Led Zeppelin to pound the heaviness into you , and `` New Trip '' will force you to dance and let your body bob to the beat . This is quite possibly the best record of the year 2000 .
 After a musically sparse decade , it is great to hear the new one kicked off by this awesome album . 60 watt are equally parts of AC/DC , Zeppelin , and Black Sabbath with a groove all there own . If you have been looking for a rock band to get in to , this is the album to get . By far the best album of 2000 . Check out that wicked slide groove on I 've Been Down ! Awesome !
 If you like bands like Down , Hendrix and Sabbath you may like this band . Sixty Watt Shaman have stated those bands have influenced them heavily . And you can really tell . I think they are a solid southern heavy stoner style Rock band . If you mixed 50 % Down with 40 % Hendrix and 10 % Ozzy/Sabbath you would get something that resembles Sixty Watt Shaman . Though in my opinion they are not Nearly as good as Down . I still think Shaman ROCKS !
 Picked up the album after I saw the band play with Clutch and COC - Very cool , mellow rock groove throughout ... Kind of a funky COC/Gov ' t Mule kind of sound to a lot of the songs ... Excellent choice for fans of `` stoner rock , '' especially `` Fear Death by Water '' and `` Poor Robert Henry , '' which have a definite old-school southern rock feel to them ... Check these guys out , it 's worth your while !
 Sixty Watt Shaman are a Stoner Rock/Metal band from Baltimore Maryland . Seed Of Decades was their second full-length studio album and was released in 2000 . Singer Dan Soren is also known for his work with the Doom Metal band The Mighty Nimbus.The band approach the music by delivering the fundamentals of classic 1970s rock music and applying them through the filter of Stoner Rock . The resulting sound is n't just Kyuss-worship like some of the less original Stoner bands settle for and not just a gimmicky classic rock nostalgia album either , but a mixture of the two influence sets that ultimately makes something more satisfying.If you like Clutch , then this is a band that you really need to check out ; they have toured with them , they thank them in their linear notes and have even recorded together , such as Sixty Watt members guesting on the Pure Rock Fury album . On this album Clutch 's singer Neil Fallon provides guest vocals on the song ` The Trip ' and their drummer J.P Gastor also provides guest percussion on the final track ` I 've Been Down . ` Simply working with Clutch is n't the whole story though , the band also share a lot of sonic similarities as well . For an example , listen to the slow and groovy ` Low Earth Orbit ' with its background keys and John Bonham influenced drumming and it is hard not to think of Clutch 's Robot Hive Exodus material . This is n't to say that ` Shaman are just a Clutch rip-off or anything , they have their own personality and bring their own ideas to the table too , its just that if you do like Clutch 's sound then you 'll probably like Sixty Watt Shaman a lot too.Sixty Watt Shaman have a great sound that is sure to appeal to fans of the Classic Rock and Stoner scenes ; the only real negative accusation anyone could throw at them is that some of their stuff gets a bit samey , but then again while a lot of the album does follow the same sonic formula , there are a few brief moments of the trippier side of the Stoner Rock -LRB- think early Monster Magnet -RRB- , some acoustic stuff and a few moments of a speedier and punkier sound on there too which all adds a bit of variety to the proceedings , so the problem is n't that pronounced.Highlights include ` Red Colony ' which mixes big fat Stoner riffs with a laid back yet grand approach , the fast and fun ` Devil In The Details Part 1 ' and the excellent bluesy album closer ` I 've Been Down . ` Overall , Seed Of Decades is a pretty enjoyable album and Sixty Watt Shaman are a pretty enjoyable band , especially if you like the Stoner music scene and Clutch in particular . I highly recommend both the band and the album if this sort of music is usually something that you enjoy .
 This was their first true recording project , although it was thier second full album . I give this album four stars , because , though I love this album and this band , Five stars would mean it 's an album that stands next to Physical Graffitti , the White Album , and a select few other records . This album is a must own for fans who enjoy any of the splinter disciplines of what Sabbath , Hendrix , and Zeppelin started . An album worth the money , with many great songs and performances . If there are any criticisms , one would be the production . It leaves some room for improvement . Beyond that , I hope this band can continue to build upon this awesome release for years to come . Purchas and enjoy !
 I like this much better than Queens of the Stone Age or even Kyuss . I think this is the best stoner rock band around .
 Igor Markevitch 's claim to fame still rests on his work as a conductor - indeed as one of the most remarkable conductors of the twentieth century . But the Marco Polo series of his orchestral music , should - if there is any justice - fill out that picture significantly . Indeed , I do n't think I am exaggerating that this series reveals him as one of the most remarkable composers of the twentieth century as well . To emphasize
 Laszlo Lajtha -LRB- 1892-1963 -RRB- , along with Bartok and Kodaly , was a leading composer in twentieth century Hungary . Most people are familiar with the works or Bartok . Of those people , a certain percentage of this group is familiar with the small but distinct output of Kodaly . But , it seems the music of Lajtha is virtually unknown . This relative neglect is completely unjustified and stems from the fact that he was dismissed from the positions he held and was banned from traveling internationally after the takeover by the Communists . In general , I would say that Lajtha is more approachable than Bartok and more colorful than Kodaly.Lajtha 's music his heavily influenced by Hungarian folk material he collected from his travels within his home country . His music is brilliantly orchestrated with subtle colorings . A certain melancholy mood permeates most of his works , but his compositions are sometimes bright and festive . He composed nine symphonies , three ballets , and a substantial number of chamber works.The Capriccio is a fourteen movement ballet composed in 1944 . It is said that during its composition that Lajtha would not stop composing , even during air raids , if he `` was working on a part that gave him particular delight . '' This is enchanting , beautiful music . The somber `` Menuet et Musette '' -LRB- Track 7 -RRB- movement is my favorite , with Lajtha 's beguiling use of shifting orchestral colors . Much of this music has an imaginative , fantastical quality . For instance , the swirling violins , harp and glockenspiel playing , along with the delicate woodwind playing heard in the `` Scherzo '' movement -LRB- Track 11 -RRB- create a `` fairytale-like '' atmosphere.It is sad that Lajtha never heard any of this delightful music performed in his lifetime . Apparently a staged performance of the ballet has yet to take place.If you like this CD , be sure to move onto the symphonies -LRB- I would start with 5 & 6 -RRB- . The Lajtha CD 's issued on Marco Polo seem to be disappearing from the catalogue so get them while you can . We can hope they will appear on Naxos - but no word on that yet.In conclusion , get this CD if you enjoy vibrant , nationalistic , orchestral music of the twentieth century .77:05
 L&aacute;szl&oacute; Lajtha has never received the recognition he obviously deserves . I am not going to claim that his music is on the level of Bart&oacute;k 's , maybe not even of Kod&aacute;ly 's , but he is n't far behind , and his neglect may be more due to political circumstances than anything to do with his music . Stylistically the music will probably appeal to those who like the music of late Debussy , Kod&aacute;ly or Martinu - but it does n't really sound anything like any of them.Capriccio , composed in 1944 , is a one-act ballet -LRB- never staged -RRB- whose cheerful and buoyant nature stands in sharp contrast to the time at which it was composed . The plot is set in the late 17th/early 18th century and is in that sense very neo-classical , a take on the style of the period that completely fails to hide the fact that it was written in the 20th century - somewhat in opposition to the music which is only very superficially neo-classical . The music , however , is very good ; utterly inventive , brilliant and charming , and full of those magical instrumental touches Lajtha was a master at . Indeed , this is music of warm , optimistic humor , fresh , airy and light-hearted but in no way superficial.The P&eacute;cs Symphony Orchestra under Pasquet plays it well , and they are very much able to bring out the various sonorities and textures . One could perhaps have hoped for slightly more refinement and a somewhat tidier ensemble , but overall I have few complaints . The sound quality is dynamic and generally good . All in all , this is a very recommendable release , although I strongly urge those unfamiliar with the composer to start with his 8th and 9th symphonies .
 FLAHOOLEY has had a checkered career in record company catalgues . The musical was a flop that folded after 5 weeks -LRB- 40 performances -RRB- in the spring of 1951 . Capitol records issued the cast album on June 18th . .2 days after the show had played its final performance . With the show no longer playing , interest was minimal and the Lp was deleted in 1955 . Since very few copies had been sold , collectors who wanted the score had a difficult time tracking down the album . By the early 1970s its estimated value in collectors circles was $ 300 . Finally in 1977 ... 22 years after the album had left the catalogues , Capitol brought it back . A mid-priced -LRB- $ 6.98 -RRB- reissue that duplicated the original album cover . The reissue was short-lived , for beyond harcore show music collectors there was no mass market for FLAHOOLEY and the Lp was deleted again.In 1993 EMI launched a major Cd reissue campaign called Broadway Angel transferring 40 of the Capitol cast albums to CD , including FLAHOOLEY . This time the liner notes were expanded to include a history of the show , a detailed synopsis and an interview with Barbara Cook.The CD again was bought mainly by collectors and was deleted in 1996 . You would think that after 3 go-rounds , this would have been the end of FLAHOOLEY . But Noooooooooo ... now DRG has brought it back.The score by Sammy Fain and Ey.Y Harburg has several charming numbers
 It 's pointless comparing FLAHOOLEY with lyricist E.Y. -LRB- Yip -RRB- Harburg 's masterpieces , FINIAN 'S RAINBOW and THE WIZARD OF OZ . Although sometimes clever , the lyrics are just not up to the level of those shows . And , although Sammy Fain has written plenty of fine tunes -LRB- `` You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me , '' `` That Old Feeling , '' the score for CALAMITY JANE -RRB- , the ones in this show are no match for OZ 's Harold Arlen or FINIAN 'S Burton Lane . Judging from a synopsis of the plot with its emphasis on social and political satire and supernatural magic , Harburg was trying to come up with another FINIAN , but just did n't pull it off.However , that does n't mean FLAHOOLEY is not a worthy show . It would be interesting to see how it would play to modern audiences , although the idea of a U.S. corporation making a deal with Arabians might be a bit touchy . And puppets played a major role in the action , long before AVENUE Q.The show contains some lovely songs for the always-wonderful Barbara Cook in her Broadway debut , three numbers featuring the phenomenal voice of Yma Sumac , and some lively ensemble pieces . So , musically it 's got quite a few things going for it . If you have n't listened to it yet , after reading the following commentary from musicalheaven.com you 'll see what a daring show this was for 1951 . And if you 've already heard this original cast recording but were not aware of the show 's history , listen again with new ears . `` For almost 25 years , the original Broadway cast recording of Flahooley , released by Capitol Records shortly after the show opened in 1951 , was among the most difficult to find of all show LP 's . The album disappeared quickly , and collectors shops that held on to copies charged exorbitant prices for the privilege of actually owning one of the rarest of all Broadway records . A Fantasy with underlying contemporary social and politcal satire ; the targets are big business and conformity , and the show 's `` genie hunts '' and `` doll burnings '' were aimed directly at the witch hunts of McCarthyism . `` With divided reviews and the release of the classic musicals The King and I , South Pacific and Kiss Me Kate which were all playing on the same block , it was annouced that the show was closing for the summer but would re-open in the fall . Flahooley never reopend having lost $ 160,000 . `` In August and September of 1952 a revised version under a new name called Jollyanna and was presented in San Francisco and Los Angeles Civic Light Operas . New material was created by William Friml and Burton Lane and most of the political spoofing and social significance were jettisoned . `` Enjoy ! -LRB- Thank you , DRG . -RRB-
 Flahooley , if you 've read some of the other reviews , has got to be the most -LRB- in -RRB- famous flop , next to `` Carrie '' . I bought this album because I am an avid collector of showtunes , but I was quite pleased with the recording . The sound quality is quite good , as the manufacturer opted -LRB- thankfully -RRB- to update the sound to stereo format.Barbara Cook sounds wonderful on this recording , but the award goes to Yma Sumac for having the most memorable songs . Sure she has no actual purpose in the show 's plot , but the album is worth every cent just to hear her sing two notes in different octaves at the same time . A truly memorable performance from an otherwise generic 1950 's show.Old-time Broadway fun at it 's best and floppiest .
 FLAHOOLEY remains notable for being the Broadway debut of Barbara Cook in the ingenue role of Sandy , though the musical was a showcase for the amazing four-octave voice of Yma Sumac , truly one of the most fascinating singers ever . The actual cast album of 40-performance flop FLAHOOLEY has long been a collector 's item . It received a brief CD edition in the early 90s which was quickly deleted and was only issued a scant few times on LP . The score by Sammy Fain and E.Y. Harburg contains several gems including `` Najla 's Lament '' , `` Najla 's Song of Joy '' and `` Birds/Enchantment '' as prime showcases for the voice of Yma Sumac.Barbara Cook impresses with her charming duets with Jerome Courtland , `` He 's Only Wonderful '' and `` The World is Your Balloon '' .
 This is a must have for any serious musical theatre collector . It was so hard to get on LP for sooooo long and now to find it re-mastered on CD is fantastic ! Barabara Cook is a dream on this CD . Do n't download it , buy it for the CD booklet .
 The music is just as I remember it ! It brings back so many memories ... The only disappointment , is that is not 100 % digital , it has been recorded from a long play , and you can still hear the needle going on the disc . Besides that is perfect !
 SoulDecision 's cd `` No one does it better '' has a mix of different beats.There are fast dance songs , mid up-tempo , and slow love songs.It also has their hit single `` Faded '' . SoulDecision has 3 guyz , Ken , Dave , and Trevor , who write their music and play their own instuments to!So get the cd it 's great !
 This album is awesome ! It has great songs with a unique sound . Faded , the first hit off of the album , is a great song , and so are all the rest ! A great buy !!
 It is always nice to listen to a cd without a bad track on it . All of the songs feature great pop writing and unique multi part vocals . This is not another `` Boy Band '' singing nice harmony . The members of the band write/play all of the songs and they are all featured vocalists . All and all a great debut for a band that should be watched . The cd features the song `` Faded '' , but there are at least two or three other songs on the cd that are as good if not better . After listening to this cd a few times I could not help singing along .
 Ignore the last comment -LRB- customer review -RRB- , it 's probably some over-zealous male trying to cut up a perfectly great band . I still have their cd I bought 6 years ago . I admit I have n't listened to it in a while but it 's a goodie that 's for sure . SoulDecision released 5 tracks from this album ; `` Faded '' , `` No One Does It Better '' , `` Ooh It 's Kinda Crazy '' , `` Gravity '' and `` Let 's Do It Right '' . All were very popular in Canada , my personal favourite was `` Faded '' it 's just so groovy and very easy to move your body to . They are still together as a group today but one of their members did leave to pursue a different line of music . They were best all together . Wonderful cd though , everyone will enjoy .
 It all started with a phat beat and a smooth voice . I was hooked . Once I heard the song `` Faded '' by soulDecision , I was in love . I jumped out of my seat -LRB- at work , even -RRB- , and started dancing my butt off . I ran out immediatley and got the single ; after I heard the follow-up `` Ooh it 's kinda crazy '' a few weeks later , I jumped and bought the CD . soulDecison is a refreshing drink to the effervesent pop of Backstreet Boys and the like . They have so much more R&B than what BSB and NSync promised , even though NSync has actually lived up to thier words . If you wan na get up and dance , this is the album . Even if you just want to chill or on your down-time , soulDecision is the best thing to pop in . In my opinion , and what I hope will be yours too , SoulDecision is one the best new groups to rise out of the woodwork . `` Noone does it better '' is right .
 I purchased this CD after hearing `` Faded '' on the radio . What a pleasant surprise ! Not only do these guys play their own instruments , they 're not bad to watch perform either ! The guitar and keyboards are funky and the vocals are so smooth . If you are a little tired of the bubble gum boy bands , soulDecision is for you . Great base lines and George Michael vocal sexiness - worth every penny !!
 I love all the songs on this CD . I have only had it a day and I have listened to it night and day ! Not too many people like this kind of music but I really enjoy it , it 's different from what I usually listen to and it 's always nice to listen to something new ! I really think that this type of music will become really popular . It is a type of blue-eyed soul . I really hope that I 'll be seeing soulDecision around for a long time because this type of music is recommended for young and old listeners .
 This is a great CD ! And I am glad my friend convinced me to get it ! If you like the song `` Faded '' , you will love the rest ! Soul Decision combines different styles of music together and create a very unique sound ! There is also a program on the cd , in which you can watch the Faded video and stuff . Hopefully these guys will be out for a while !
 I first saw Soul Decision at a summer festival . At first I was n't too sure but once they started to sing , it was great!They 're voices are amazing and their sound is something I 've never really heard of . After listening to the entire album , my favorite songs were `` Faded '' because it 's a different sound and very catchy . Also `` Ooh It 's Kinda ' Crazy '' and `` Gravity '' because the lyrics are original . It 's a great album for various moods you may be in . If you want slow and romantic , there 's something there or if you want an up tempo song , there are many more songs to turn to .
 I 've been a huge fan of soulDecision since the moment I first heard `` Faded '' , and now that I have their whole CD , I think they 're even more awesome ! This CD has got such a great sound to it . You can just listen to it over and over and over again . -LRB- The CD has been on my CD player for the last three hours . -RRB- All of the songs have that great soulDecision sound , but each song has its own unique quality . The songs on this CD are SO MUCH more original than what is on the radio right now . soulDecision has been really successful with `` Faded '' , and this CD should take them right to the top !
 Dude , this CD is all sick ! It is so totally awesome , you MUST buy it . The songs each have a unique sound , and personally I do n't think any of them suck . They 're all so happy !!! And the people who do n't like this CD can suck it . So , if you do n't wan na be a nark , buy this CD . Yo ! Whaddup New Mexico ? -LRB- Yes , it is part of the United States -RRB-
 On their first album , this real band has done it all
 The trio from Canada did a fairly good job for a debut cd . This is 11 tracks of incredible pop music . The song released first FADED , was a very good song . It would have been nice to have the dance mix version released as an extra track , but oh well . OOH IT 'S KINDA CRAZY was the 2nd track released had a very attractive beat to it . Most of the songs have a great pop sound to them . Some slow songs , but also some with a high energy sound to them . The cd has some great instrument work on it ... guitars , drum and keyboard . It 's nice to hear that not all cd 's have to be over coated with computerized sounds . Vancouver has been kicking out some great songs since the Bryan Adams days . Its definately worth the purchase .
 I just happened upon this group at a concert this last weekend in Houston , Texas and had to find the CD . Since they are a Canadian group we have yet to hear it here in the Stix where I live -LRB- maybe in the US , not sure -RRB- . But they did a great job with their songs , the way they present themselves on stage and the music was terrific ! I like the unique songs , they play their OWN instruments , dance well and it never hurts to be a good stage presence as well . Great album !
 To be honest , I do not like boy bands . Thankfully , soulDecision is not a typical boy band . Yes , they are young , male , and they sing , but their music has a quality that is very refreshing . `` Ooh It 's Kinda Crazy '' is a fun song , with nice lyrics and great vocals . A huge hit in Canada , sadly it did n't do much here in the U.S. `` Faded '' is more of a hip-hop song , with a good results . `` Let 's Do It Right '' is a ballad with some groove . A great song , my favorite on the CD . The guys have voices with some heft and that makes the song really enjoyable . `` Stay '' , `` Gravity '' , and `` Next Time '' are also fun songs that will have you getting down.Highly recommended for fans of 'N Sync , BSB , O-Town , 98 Degrees , Wham ! , and anyone that just wants to have a good time .
 I absolutely love this cd . It reminds me of the 80 's music I grew up on . When I first heard `` Ooh it 's kinda crazy '' I did think it was George Michaels and I was pleasantly surprised when I purchased this cd that Soul Decision is talented enough to write their own lyric 's I do n't think there is a song on this cd that I do n't like . This cd puts me in a good mood , if you can appreciate a good love song and enjoy easy listening music with a pop and funky beat this cd is for you ! I hope they come out with another cd soon .
 This cd is awsome ! You do n't need to skip threw the tracks to find a good one . If you feel like pop , theres pop . If you need just something slow , theres Lets Do It Right ! Its a perfect cd for someone whos not the total boy band fan !
 I did n't like it at first but after more listenings I started to like it even more than before . Not one song on this album is bad . The good thing is , they write their own music and play their own instruments . Pick up this album today !
 Soul Decision opened for 'N Sync here in DC and they were great . I went right out and bought the album and was not disappointed . They sound a little bit like Wham ! -LRB- No surprise since lead singer/songwriter Trevor says he loves them -RRB- . They have a great sound and overall a good album .
 The first time I heard the song `` Faded '' on the radio I knew that I found something special . The song had that whole dance pop vibe that I enjoy so much , but with a twist . It was n't one of those cute , sappy love songs that you hear from ` NSYNC or Backstreet Boys . This is a more edgy boy band . Their music does n't stick to what is safe . They are n't afraid to admit they just want `` to get it on . '' Good music from a promising group . A -
 Not just another pretty face ! This group is head and shoulders above every other ` boyband ' on the market these days . And if you think that these guys ARE just another ` boyband ' , once you take a listen to their CD , you 'll do an abrupt about-face ! Deeper lyrics , jazzier and funkier melodies ; and for all the trivia lovers out there , Ryan Gosling -LRB- of Young Hercules and recently of Remember The Titans fame -RRB- sings backup on this album ... I hear tell he 's quite the talented crooner in his own right ... all in all , this CD is a definite must !!!
 I saw the video for `` ooh it 's kind of crazy '' and loved the song . So I went to the store and bought the full CD thinking it would be the only song I liked . I LOVE every song on this album -LRB- especially `` only in my mind '' -RRB- . soulDecision does not even belong in the boy band category ... they are so much better !!! Plus Trevor writes most of the songs . Go and buy this CD today ... you wo n't regret it . Please request their videos on TRL . I never see them on MTV ... MuchMusic plays their videos constantly , be sure and watch for them .
 At first I was n't very much of a soulDecision fan , but I still liked their music and thought Trevor was very hott . When I saw them in concert however , i immediately went out and bought their CD the next day . They 're songs are upbeat and are something you can listen to over and over . I must say that ` Gravity ' , ` Next Time ' , and ` No One Does it Better ' are my favs .
 I love these guys ! I think the fact they play their own instruments and stuff is great and they can sing too ! Trev is damn fine also ! I love `` Stay '' and `` Baby Come Back '' all the songs on this album will get your feet tappin and I have to say , this is one of my favourite CD 's of all time !
 This album has some very catchy and upbeat songs on it . The slow ones even have a bright and cheery touch to them . My favorites are `` Ooh , It 's Kinda Crazy , `` Feelin ' You , '' and , of course , `` Faded . '' This one definitely has me addicted and I ca n't stop listening . I 'd highly recommend it !
 I saw them when they opened up 4 * Nsync and they rocked the house down ! They sang weet Home Alabama . I like Faded and Ooh . . It 's kinda crazy . They rock !!! God Ble and Later dayz . &Uuml; peace luv and no crabs .
 These guys are a hat trick , they write , produce , perform , play their own instruments and are HOTTIES !!!!! The CD is the best one I ' v bought . I listen to it religiously and think you will get as much pleasure from it . BUY IT !!!!!!
 A Wham Tribute band ? No they are more than that , though influenced heavily by George and Andy . Their style and music is very much their own . The album sees the mixing of musical styles , that means each song is individualistic in its own right . Minor criticisms of the album are easily outweighed by the fact that , they make it cool to admit you loved the 1980s music scene and they do n't have the 1980s hair .
 I purchased this CD after hearing their first song `` Faded '' and am in awe of the raw skill and talent shown on every track . To many times I 've purchased a CD only to find two or three tracks at most that I liked . This is NOT the case with this CD , every track has something going for it !!
 I think that this is one of the best CD 's ever . I really like the song `` Gravity '' and `` Next Time '' . Those are the best songs on the CD . Everone should get this CD . It is a must .
 I absolutely love these guys . I saw them here in Phoenix , AZ back in Dec. @ the Jingle Ball 2000 radio concert . And I just love the CD !! I listen to it everyday !! You have to go and get it . I just ca n't wait to go and see them again .
 When I was sick a few weeks ago my brother bought me this cd . Just one spin and I was hooked . What a pleasent surprise ! I was expecting heartless trash with the `` lou pearlman '' sound to it . -LRB- remember o-town ?? '' This cd is definatly nothing like that . The main singer -LRB- Guthrie -RRB- wrote most of the songs himself . Along with the fact the group does not do choreographed dancing . -LRB- Is it me or is anybody else sick of that ?? -RRB- The ratings are out of a scale of 1-4Ohh its kinda crazy - 31/2 No one does it better - 4 -LRB- great harmonies -RRB- I do n't need anyone - 3Feelin ' You - 31/2 Faded - 4 -LRB- everyones fav ; wassup sarah ? -RRB- Lets do it right - 3Only in my mind - 3.5 Stay - 4Baby come back - 3Gravity - 2.5 Next Time - 4 * In memory of Michael Cuccione of 2gether 1985-2001 *
 THEY ARE THE BEST BAND IN THY WORLd < and yes i said thy > they are unbelievable and all you want to do once you hear the song faded is dance !!
 Why do n't we see more of these guys ?! They are great !
 Hey , I have been lucky enough to meet Trevor -LRB- blond spiky hair and lead singer -RRB- Dave-brown hair , Ken -LRB- other blond plays keyboards and they are very nice guys ! Their cd is also good , especially Let 's Do It Right , Faded , Ooh It 's Kind of Crazy . If you like pop with a beat to it definately SD is for you !
 this cd is the bomb that has great songs like fadded , stay , and gravity . this is an awsome CD so buy it or u made a bad decison so by No one Does it better by soulDeicion
 I LOVE SOULDECISION `` NOBODY DOES IT BETTER '' AND THAT IS TRUE NOBODY DOES IT BETTER THEN THEM.I LOVE TEH SINGLE `` FADED '' . AND `` STAY '' AND `` OHH IT 'S KINDA CRAZY '' . I ALSO LIKE IT A LOT CUZ THE LEAD SINGER IS A HOTTIE !!!
 I have n't exactly listened to this complete album yet ; I 've basically only heard two songs by Souldecision
 Ha ! The only reason I put this cd on my wish list is because I love song # 1 . -LRB- Ooh it 's kinda crazy -RRB- And I get to see it very few times on Nick.From Kung-fu Kid
 Ok im going to give a review of all the songs . . okOohn It 's Kinda Crazy - Their second single , its great . . it 's sort of both a slow song and a fast one . The rythm is great.No One Does It Better - This is a nice slow song , gon na be their 3rd single , and the title of the CD.I Do n't Need Anyone - Great song , has a nice PoP sound to it.Feelin ' You - Not the best , but still a nice song.Faded - This is the # 1 song ! It 's so nice and i could listen to it over and over.Let 's Do It Right and Only In My Mind - OK songs , but i like the next more!Stay - This is a GREAT song people ! Go out and get this CD for this song!Baby Come Back - This is an awesome slow song.Gravity - This is the coolest song , and all of my friend 's favorites.Next Time - Also a nice song , and a nice finish to the GREATEST CD OF ALL TIME ! PLEASE GET IT , AND IF YOU DONT LIKE IT , I 'LL BUY IT FROM YOU !!
 I 've taken the time to listen to each track individually , and rated them , along with giving a lyric from the song . Hope it helps : -RRB- 1 . Ooh It 's Kinda Crazy - A popular song , with good vocals from the lead singer . Kind of breathy and high-pitched . `` Thought I had someone that I could fall in love with , someone who would treat me right - So I tried to be so kind , thought for sure I 'd make you mine . '' RATING
 Being a fan of mostly heavy/alternative music like Deftones and Rage Against the Machine , buying this CD was a guilty pleasure for me after hearing `` faded '' from my wife 's NOW5 compilation . I 've got ta tell ya , from a guitar player 's standpoint , these guys have got the goods , and I was pleased to read that they play their own instruments . They play real tasty funk chords and slinky riffs over some awesome bass lines . It 's a great combination . I agree with the other reviews -- you can definitely hear a George Michael influence in the vocals and it 's perfect for their brand of dance/pop . `` Faded , '' and also the opening track took me back to 1985 when I was in fourth grade and starting to pay attention to pop on the radio . I would definitely recommend this to fans of harmonized vocal/pop music . I hope to hear more from this group in the future , and in the meantime , I 'm still trying to digest the rest of the album -LRB- besides their singles -RRB- . It 's all good .
 I must say that i was completely skeptical about souldecision when I first saw them on MuchMusic -LRB- Canada 's version of MTV - I get it on my cabnle channel ! - which actually shows music videos -RRB- . I thought , that they were manufactured and trying to copycat my newest fave group BBMak . But , after seeing 2 seperate vids for the group on MM , I decided to bite the bullet and buy the cd.First , before I ever listened to the pop-genius that is soulDecision , i read the liner notes and came away with something very interesting
 For anyone who considers them in the `` boyband '' category , they were around making -LRB- playing the instruments , and writing the songs -RRB- their music long before the current craze ; besides , if it 's all about the music , it 's a different sound , though still firmly in pop . Most of the CD flows pretty easily , the lyrics actually say something , and avoid `` bad/sad '' - type cheesy rhymes . Faded and No One Does It Better are far and away the best , but that does n't mean the others are n't good . Looking for a strong sophomore effort to keep Canada on the music map . . -LRB- I know Vancouver puts everyone in a good mood , but maybe next time with more than one song in a minor key !? -RRB-
 Definitely 5 stars for this debut album by the very talented group of soulDecision . I do n't even know how to start this review ; I 'm still in awe by the excellence of this album . And it 's been nearly 2 years since I was first introduced to this great group . -LRB- And nearly 2 years since I 've been proudly obsessed with them too -RRB- . I 've listened to it multiple times a day ever since I got it . So why am I writing this review now ? Hmmm . Well , I really wanted it to sound good and `` professional '' as possible , and being 14 , I 'm not good at that so I had n't really gotten the courage to write it . This probably wo n't end up being even half as good , but here 's my attempt.I first `` discovered '' this wonderful group , soulDecision , on a nice September day of 2000 while I was doing some homework in front of the TV . TRL was on , and that 's when I heard it . The magical song that still gives me goose bumps today , every time I listen to it . It was their first hit single , `` Faded '' . I found myself bobbing my head along to the tune , along with my handwriting , which was also bobbing up and down my notebook . By the chorus , I fell in love with the song -LRB- and my homework looked like chicken scratch -RRB- and looked up to watch the video -LRB- and , of course , also fell in love with `` that blonde lead singer '' aka Trevor -RRB- . Once the video was over , I ran to the computer , logged on mtv.com and found out that the song was by this group called soulDecision . Then I went to amazon.com , searched for `` soulDecision '' and immediately put No One Does It Better in my shopping cart . I did n't get it shipped until about two months later , because it had to come with BSB 's Black & Blue CD that I also got at the same time . -LRB- Which I really regret buying because it was such a disappointment , but anyway . -RRB- So I had to wait two full months until I could listen to ten more excellent songs.From the `` ziiiiing '' sound of the intro of Ooh It 's Kinda Crazy -LRB- which has been a huge hit also -RRB- up to the last bit of the last song , Next Time , it 's marvelous . Groovy , funky , soulful and sweet all in one album ! You never have to press the skip button while playing this CD , nope , no siree . I listen to this album all day everyday , and have never gotten sick of it once . I could analyze each track and write what I like and do n't like about it , but I 'm not going to do that because they 're all gon na sound pretty much the same
 This is a real amazing CD , in the fact that it 's so eclectic-that is it draws from so many various styles and influences , yet is very much their own at the same time.Yes , it 's true , there is a huge George Michael sound here , but let me also add , S Club 7 , Stevie B , bit of PM Dawn ?! it 's just this amazing mix , with this huge essence of rock thrown in . I 'm so happy to say that damn excellent that we can now actually fall for a pop group that actually PLAY their instrmuents and WRITE their own music , and this in itself , makes me fall for these guys -LRB- did anyone notice that they have an excellent look aswell ?! -RRB- . The tracks-so diverse ! Yet it 's created in a way that you can put it on and it just flows the whole way through , from beginning to end . I love the opening track ` oo , it 's kinda crazy ' , very funky and upbeat , good musicality , and you can sing along ... =-RRB- there are your slow , rnb styles , still with alot of instruments , so great music , and great so that it still does n't take away from the vocals . They are ` no one does it better ' , ` Let 's do it right ' , and ` baby come back ' . I love the pop essence in ` feelin you ' and also ` stay ' . Yeah for the guitars ! Nice work guys and us as the listeners love it . For those tracks , do check out the electric riff in ` only in my mind ' , and the excellent acoustic parts of ` Next time ' . That is the final song , and leaves you feelin ' fine after hearing it . It 's a real emotion booster , and makes you feel honestly really strong and capable of being firm and getting out there and showing others that you do n't need them if they 're gon na turn there backs on you.I bought this CD in desperate need of some kind of pleasure for my wanting ears , they were feeling very withdrawen and sick of hearing the same commercial rubbish an the radio 24/7 . as soon as I heard ` Faded ' , and of course most likely one of their best songs , I went and bought the album and have no regrets . For lovers of a range of music rather than just one style , and who like ` real ' music , not to mention that it 's definently not a downer CD , it 's sooo POSITIVE , then this is the CD for you ! buy it , and njoy it !
 I 'm too lazy to write a new review , lol , but Popstar magazine loved this review enough to give me a sD signed folder , so i guess I 'll stick with it ... When I first bought `` No One Does it Better '' , I thought I would n't like it . Mainly , I bought it because I saw them in concert opening for Christina and Trevor is a hottie :-RRB- . Wow , I was wrong . Though they are n't what I usually like , soulDecision 's cd is simply amazing . They 've definately distanced themselves from the whole `` boyband '' category by playing their own instruments and Trevor wrote 5 of the 11 songs , co-wrote another 5 , leaving the only other to be written by Ken.Each song has a unique quality , no two sound the same -LRB- a quality the BSB ca n't boast , lol -RRB- . `` Faded '' has a phat beat , `` Next Time '' has a cool rock edge , and `` Let 's Do it Right '' is just a beautiful ballad -LRB- and Trevor sounds INCREDIBLE in it ! -RRB- . The stand-out , though is easily `` Gravity . '' The lyrics are so very relatable , theres a great melody , and Trevor and Dave sound amazing.Overall , I would definately -LRB- and I do frequently -RRB- recommend this cd to anyone ! Oh , and check out their live show , I 've seen them twice -LRB- so far -RRB- , and you can tell they 're not some studio wonder .
 I bought this album when I was slipping from my ` teeny-bopper ' stage , at age 15 . I am now more into the electronica and industrial scene , but I still have an appreciation for GOOD pop music . BSB is not good . Sorry . Anyways , this CD has funky beats , great guitar , and good lyrics . Songs like ` Gravity ' and ` Only In My Mind ' are great songs to listen to while doing homework , or chores , whatever . Good CD , if you like the more guitar-pop style , rather than the dance-pop garbage that is clogging our airwaves . -LRB- Britney , you listening ? -RRB-
 I LOVE this CD . soulDecision is now my FAVORITE band . Their songs have great rythyms and melodies . The songs are pop but they have great sounds . Another plus is the members of the band . Trevor , Dave , and Ken are all great looking and extrmemly talented . They even play their own instuments ! Buy this CD and you will not regret it !
 Three bands , captured LIVE , at The Hammersmith Odeon , 10/4/89 . DARK ANGEL1.Live Scars2.The Burning Of Sodom3.Never To Rise Again4.The Death Of Innocence5.Merciless Death6.We Have ArrivedCANDLEMASS1.Dark Reflections2.The Bells Of Acheron3.Solitude4.Through The Infinitive5.A Tale Of CreationD.A.M .1 . Total Destruction2.Infernal Torment3.Vendetta4.Human WreckageRuns approx . 81 minutes , COLOR , and Hi-Fi Stereo.RARE , out of print .
 Her voice is great , we need more of it ! More info too . Maybe an album in the future ?
 Here they are again ! German deejay and producer Yanou and the Dutch goddess Do -LRB- minique -RRB- . If you liked Heaven , you will love this song even more ! Radio edit is a nice trance tune . Extended version is even more powerfull . Piano version is a nice ballad . Even your mom will like it ! Dj's@work remix is the best version , and the Flashrider remix is the least commercial version of this tune . My favorite remix is Flashrider meets Yanou remix . Buy it ! -LRB- Unfortunately , there is no enhanced video . It is an interesing story about the dancer -LRB- Do -RRB- and her admirer -LRB- Yanou -RRB- . -RRB- Yanou and Do , please be here for us!ON & ON !
 There is no other word that would describe Do better . She has such a great voice . This is a very good cd . I only wish she had a full album .
 The signer 's voice is wonderful and the beat gets you moving . The lyrics are very sweet too . Between 2:06 and 2:48 there 's an excellent beat rising and then it goes on with the moving beat . Any trance lover got to listen to that ! :-RRB- I know some may say it 's quite cheesy because of the vocals but I think it 's a very good song on overall .
 Waldteufel 's `` Un Premier Bouquet '' showcases the Slavic spirit of the dance . For those who are looking for a variation on the melodic , sensual Strauss , Waldteufel fits the bill . I first became acquainted with this composer when he was featured on a classical radio program . I was very moved and found myself `` conducting '' the symphony behind the wheel of my car . This CD is not only relaxing , but also lifts the spirits and will put most into a better mood during stressful times . Buy this CD , and let it take you into the world of waltz and polka in a way only Slavics can . Enjoy !
 I was pleasantly surprised to find Wendy 's music on Amazon.com . In fact , I recall requesting Amazon.com to carry her music over 8 months ago . Guess they really do listen to their customers . Too bad I had already ordered her stuff from Down Under . Anyway , what can I say about Wendy . Her music is very honest , simple and possesses a magickal integrity . In that way she kind of reminds me of an early-80 's Kate Bush . Her -LRB- and the Parallel Dream 's -RRB- style and technical skills have improved with each CD , although I must say Zero is pretty good for an earlier attempt . In fact , it is one of my favs . World Without Worlds , her latest CD , is a more sophisticated and dark creation . I can hardly wait for her next one ! She tours in the U.S. , but mainly on the two coasts . I 've heard she is a practicing Wiccan and has performed rituals in concert . NOW THAT 'S ENTERTAINMENT !
 I totally fell in love with Wendy Rule 's work when I met her at a Samhain Festival this year where we were both doing a workshop and Wendy was also performing . Her stage presence is topped only by her amazing voice -- and her son 's accordion was also quite impressive . When we ended up side-by-side in ritual circle , her vibe was strong and empowering . I enjoyed speaking with her and made up my mind I should own all her music . Another great album , Wendy . Blessed Be.Raine Hill
 This is the first recording I heard of Wendy 's and liked it so much I ordered her other three CD 's without hesitation . My favourite track is Open My Senses , just so powerful . Wendys voice just puts you on another realm , so much energy in her voice it just tugs at your soul . The recording itself is excellent . Think the music from this cd would suit many tastes .
 Wendy Rule has done it again , with this release . Her writing style , and vocals give her music a unique and undescribable sound . Anyone who has been searching for Wiccan/Pagan music artists will be delighted . For those who are n't Wiccan or Pagan , her music is sweet no matter what !
 I have owned this album for close to 3 years and it is one that truly fills your senses . . Wendy 's powerful voice sings to your soul , and takes your on journeys . . only dreamt of . I personally highly recommend this album to those who can appreciate the words of a lady dedicated to the Goddess , and wish to be carried to that place between worlds through the power of her voice and music.I love every song , but Deity , Full Moon in Scorpio and Open My Senses , are 3 very special pieces to me ... thank you Wendy
 Wendy Rule is just an amazing artist with equally amazing talent . Her music certainly appeals to Pagans , but should appeal to all , since you just ca n't find what she offers anywhere else . This album is my first of hers , having heard her before here and there . I 'm glad I got it .
 You will be totally inspired by this CD , especially if you are a southern hemisphere witch or come from warmer climes . My personal favourite tracks are Artemis And Diety . Artemis is a soaring song , you will never get out of your head .
 I could listen to it over and over again . I find it uplifting and beautiful . I love Artemis , Shine , Deity Come to me , and all the rest . A truly great album .
 I would have given this album a 5 had I not heard Zero first , but then nothing beats a live performanceBB
 Roger-Ducasse , same as Louis Aubert and many others were infortunate
 The two recordings of orchestral music by Jean Roger-Ducasse -LRB- 1873-1954 -RRB- from The Rheinland-Pfalz Philharmonic under Leif Segerstam are truly invaluable additions to the catalogue , and for those new to the composer I would recommend starting with this one , insofar as it contains the better music and even slightly better performances . This extremely self-critical composer left a rather small body of works -LRB- destroying many of his compositions himself -RRB- , and had a penchant for the unpopular and difficult . Thus many of his works are rather dense and somewhat difficult to follow structurally - although probably not difficult by modern standards - but immensely rewarding . Of course , the music might be appreciated at a more superficial level as well , with its intoxicatingly perfumed lush and luxuriant orchestral textures . Stylistically , Roger-Ducasse might be the closest you come to the orchestral music of Debussy -LRB- there are more than a few touches of Faur&eacute; , and perhaps Chausson and even Massenet -RRB- , and if you like Debussy I am pretty sure you 'll like Roger-Ducasse . Au jardin de Marguerite was composed between 1901 and 1905 and is heavily indebted to Debussy 's L'apres ; it is a stunningly intoxicating work , however , lushly and luxuriantly scored , almost fragrant and immensely atmospheric . You can almost literally smell the flowers , feel the heat and hear the chirping of birds . The Suite Francaise dates from 1909 and is another immensely appealing work , generally impressionistic but with noticeable touches of Faur&eacute; and perhaps d'Indy . Again , it is splendidly scored and very effective , with the opening overture being a particularly memorable creation with its strikingly characteristic descending four-note theme . The main work on the disc , however , is Epithalame , a large-scale symphonic poem incorporating ` modern ' dance forms into a genuinely symphonic structure . The sections are adagio , cake-walk , fox-trot , tango , danse finale , adagio , and Roger-Ducasse weaves them together imaginatively , relying heavily on wonderful orchestral touches , but employing some really distinctive themes developed into a convincing whole . The short Pr&eacute;lude d'un Ballet is less memorable but effective enough.In other words , this disc contains a rich selection of effective , often beautiful and extremely well-crafted music of real merit , richly varied and often enchantingly atmospheric and beautiful . Since it relies heavily on orchestral colors and textures , it demands a lot from the performer , and although better performances might indeed be imaginable the performances here are quite good , and superior to the ones on the first installment ; sensitive and variegated and with Segerstam having a firm grasp of the musical arguments . The sound quality is good -LRB- a little murky , perhaps , but nothing really to complain about -RRB- , and I wo n't hesitate to recommend this disc with utter enthusiasm ; I can not imagine anyone being disappointed with it , and it is unfortunate that little more of Roger-Ducasse 's output is generally available -LRB- there are enough orchestral or choral and orchestral works to fill another disc , I think -RRB- ; in particular , a perfect world would have given us a recording of his main work , the opera Cantegril - it does require something in the vicinity of 32 distinct soloists , however , so I have little hope of ever hearing it . Still , I am grateful for what we 've in fact got here .
 This CD contains two excellent songs and the rest are not worth mentioning ; however , those two were well worth the price , and the seller did n't mince words on the description , but it 's all good , because the two songs I liked made it all worthwhile ; a very satisfactory purchase .
 I read a review on the CD about a month ago on the AllMusic guide.It was incredibly glowing . I at the time thought there could be some hype attached to it , being that Jason Miles worked with Miles Davis on TuTu and a couple of othe Miles Davis CDs.Well I was wrong about the hype.This CD does n't need any hype.It is pure genius . The meshing of musicians and artists and the material are just incredible . The CD starts out with Ferrari , a Musical story of Miles Davis 's affection for fast cars . Michael Brecker plays soprano sax and it makes me want to hear more of him on soprano.It just feels incredibly modern , with DJ flavor from DJ Logic and a rockin groove . The CD then moves to many different moods like Butter Pecan -LRB- A Funky James Brown Groove with Gerald Albright and Adam Holtzman trading funky licks-PS Gerald should give us more of this on his own CDs -RRB- Guerilla Jazz is mysterious and hypnotic featuring the late Bob Berg on tenor sax trading riffs with trumpeter Tom Harrell.Some other highlights are Randy Brecker and Dave Matthews band drummer Carter Beauford on King of the Bling . Flamenco Sketches is the lone cover song -LRB- it was on Kind of Blue -RRB- and it is mezmerizing and beautiful featuring Barry Danielian on Trumpet backed up by Keiko Matsui and Mark Antoine both playing way above the Smooth jazz radar.The Street Vibe Suite is just mindblowing.Voices from all over the world meshed into a deep groove featuring the ever funky Bernie Worrell weaving a multi layered keyboard mix.Street Vibe then gets really intense with Tom harrell and Aaron Heicke on Alto sax -LRB- who is this guy he plays incredible.Great lines -RRB- The other artists on the CD are a who 's who of modern jazz.Nicholas Payton , David Sanchez , Karsh Kale , Karl Denson , , James Genus , Cyro Baptista , Romero Lubambo and others , all give virtuoso performances.It 's amazing but you can almost invision Miles Davis working with some of these artists if he was alive an making music today.On Miles to Miles we are seeing -LRB- and of course hearing -RRB- an artist who is at the height of his creative powers . Jason Miles has made a CD that wo n't be coming out of my CD player anytime soon . I 'm discovering new things about the music with every listen.I ca n't reccomend this CD enough . I believe once you listen to it you will feel the same way , I do and know that there is a future to contemporary jazz
 I thought I was a Miles Davis `` expert '' , but confess to not knowing of Jeson Miles as one of the many band-mates of Miles Davis . I almost did n't bother popping the CD into my player after seeing the insanely nerdy looking picture of Jason standing next to Miles Davis . But , I did finally give it a listen and wow ! This man is the bomb . Every cut of the CD has me loving it . But , do n't take my word for it . Check out every review for every one of his CDs here on Amazon . Everybody who has heard him realizes this is the future of contemporary jazz . Also , no one can pull the caliber of musicians he gets on his CDs without being at at the top of their game . So , why has n't his record company given him the PR blitz he deserves ? There is something seriously wrong in a world where more people have heard of Kenny G than Jason Miles .
 This is one fantastic CD.The combination of musicians that are on this CD take the music to another place . I am a big Miles Davis fan and first heard of Jason Miles when I got TuTu many years ago.On this Cd he has managed to create a musical universe that I have not heard on a CD for quite sometime . It 's funky , lush , melodic , hard hitting and has the musical integrity that many Cds that try to be commercial do n't have.I played this for my 17 year old son and he just loved it.The music has the ability to speak to alot of different audiences and age groups.I love the track Voices on The Corner . It 's music that I 've never heard before.I agree with the reviewer here who ca n't figure out why Jason Miles is n't a household name . Hopefully this CD will change that
 Red Stars Theory is one of those bands . Not sure what I mean , but they are . As with any good band , you want their entire catalog . Well , this surely satisfies my nature ! 2 new breathtaking tracks that will captivate your imagination and 2 delightfully off-kilter remixes of songs from their incredibly artful record , Life in a Bubble Can Be Beautiful . Do n't complain - if it was only the 2 first songs , it deserves 5 stars . Remixes just make it better ! And would n't you love to shock the guy making fun of the cover with the incredible , ambient music on the CD ? Get this . You 'll be glad you did . And lambs are MANLY !
 This is a nifty synopsis disc of highlights from Don Carlos -LRB- or Don Carlo -RRB- sung in German . With singers like Gedda , Moll , Fassbaender and Fischer-Dieskau , you know you 're not likely to go wrong . But the great surprise , for me anyway , is Edda Moser 's Elizabeth . She has only one piece on the disc , `` Tu che le vanit&agrave; '' or `` Toi qui sus '' which in German is , `` Du , im irdischen Wahn '' -- anyway , you know the one I mean . It 's remarkable how perfectly Moser 's voice just lies on the part . Of course it did n't happen by coincidence . The lady is an artist . She gets the character 's feeling to come quietly and surely up from within the voice -- as distinct from so many `` demonstrating '' artists who lay the matter weightily on the listener . The other singers on the disc , especially Fassbaender , are more than honorable , and the Berlin Radio Symphony is very happy under Patan&eacute; ; but it 's for Moser 's Elizabeth that I 'd recommend the disc . Despite its being in a really wrong language -- quite outside the legitimate claims of French and Italian -- this disc is where I 'll come when I want to hear Elizabeth ; and for those who love the opera as I do , the disc does accomplish , in the scope of 52 minutes , the task of putting me firmly into the dense , teeming , exciting world that the characters inhabit .
 Viteslav Nov&aacute;k -LRB- 1870-1949 -RRB- was taught by Dvor&aacute;k and was in the same conservatory class as Josef Suk , who became Dvor&aacute;k 's son-in-law and grandfather of the current violinist with the same name . Somehow Nov&aacute;k always falls in the shadow of Suk and his works are rarely heard outside his native country . Yet , he is a superlative composer who , although his early work , including the first piece heard here , sounds a good deal like Dvor&aacute;k , developed his own voice , incorporated impressionistic technique into his works , and whose later works were all influenced by Moravian and Slovakian folk melodies and dances . I first heard music by him when a friend insisted I listen to his ballet score , ` Signorina Gioventu , ' which has become a real favorite.The Serenade in F , Op. 9 , in four movements , is more or less a student work , written in the mid-1890s , and is in fairly typical late-romantic garb . Supported by sumptuous harmonies and particularly by expressive use of the violas and celli , there are long-limbed and yearning melodies and Czech dance rhythms . Except for a brief passage in the third movement that sounds like it was lifted from Liszt 's ` Les Pr&eacute;ludes , ' it definitely sounds like it might have been written by Dvor&aacute;k or Brahms . There are a few places that foreshadow his later rather more French-sounding harmonies , but they pass quickly.The Serenade in D , Op. 36 , also in four movements , is a more assured work , sparer in texture but still with plenty of velvety harmonies . There are occasional whole-tone passages as well as more imaginative use of the winds , making the transition to a more French sound . Indeed , generally I am reminded of Roussel more than , say , Debussy or Ravel , an impression in Nov&aacute;k 's music that grows even stronger in the later Signorina Gioventu , recorded elsewhere . But the Czech feel remains , primarily by use of typical Slavic melorhythms . There is a good deal more dramatic impact in this serenade , whereas the impetus for the earlier work seems to be affably harmonious sounds with little intended drama.Each of these works is lovingly played by the Ukrainian Chamber Orchestra under Andrew Mogrelia . I would single out the marvelous horn soloist in the third movement of the second Serenade and also the richly lustrous playing by the strings.Review by Scott Morrison
 Novak is another of my all time favorites . I have all of his recorded orchestral music , which is my passion . I thought , this one wo n't hold up to my favorites , In the Tatras and the Eternal Longing . Wrong . They do hold up , they are as beautiful as all of his other compositions . Creative , inventive , runs the full gamut of emotions from tiny delicate passages , to the full beautiful storm . Do n't miss this composer !
 Clifford Brown is one of Jazz music 's many tragic figures . He , like too many jazz musicians , died young before his great potential could be realized . His was a particularlarly tragic loss , he did not succumb to the cliche of addiction , but was killed in a violent car wreck at the age of 25 , leaving only a limited collection of recordings as his legacy . Brownie possesed a formidable technique , a bright brassy tone and a swinging lyricism that influenced a generation of future trumpet luminaries that included Freddie Hubbard and Lee Morgan . This cd offers a good introduction to Brownie 's music . Most tracks feature Max Roach on drums , Richie Powell -LRB- brother of bop pioneer Bud Powell , Richie died in the same wreck as Clifford -RRB- , George Morrow on bass , and the very underrated Harold Land on tenor . There is some variety in settings when the quintet is backed by strings for a lovely version of Stardust , and one track from the classic date with the singer Helen Merrill . Finally Sonny Rollins replaces Land on tenor for two of the tracks taken from a live date . Almost all of the performances are exciting as Brownie is in top for as are his sidemen , check out Roach 's drumming especially on I Get A Kick Out Of You and Cherokee , and the sound has been excellently mastered by the folks at Verve . This is a great cd to serve as an introduction to one of jazz music 's masters , and is at a budget price to boot .
 `` Brownie '' was a true genius . Although he died in 1950 at age 25 , he was one of the fathers of hard bop . He could play the fastest bebop tune with ease , he was also adept at the ballad , i.e. , `` You Go to My Head . '' He was also an accomplished composer , i.e. Daahoud '' & Sandu.Brownie was taken from us muchy too early . No , he was not into the Parker influenced drug scene ; he died in an auto accident.I guess my favorite tune he wrote was `` Joy7 Spring '' & he plays it on this album.If you 're into jazz at all , get some of his albums . The ever present Max Roach was always with him , & on this one Sonny Rollins has a lot to say . The interplay between them is fascinating .
 The 11 tracks on this CD span 1954-56 , providing a good sample of trumpeter Clifford Brown 's entire career as a solo recording artist . One ca n't think of Brownie without lamenting what could have been . This collection allows us to relish the beauty and excitement of what actually was , rather than wallow in what-ifs , had he not met his end in a car accident at age 26 . Brownie possessed technique , range , and style that were the envy of his contemporaries , including Miles Davis -LRB- by his own admission -RRB- . Proof of his technical abilities is particularly evident in `` I Get a Kick Out of You '' and `` Cherokee , '' but his style shines on every tune . Also noteworthy is Harold Land on tenor sax , providing a nice complement to Clifford 's trumpet on seven of the tracks.There 's a vocal version of `` Yesterdays '' featuring Helen Merrill as well as an instrumental version -LRB- mislabeled `` Stardust '' -RRB- . In both cases , Clifford beautifully displays his ballad style.Typically , I do n't favor compilations - if I really like an artist , I 'd rather seek out the original , complete albums . But after sampling four CDs in the Finest Hour series I 've found it to be far better than most . If you 're not inclined to pick up several Clifford Brown albums , this is a satisfying assortment that will fill the spot this great artist deserves in your jazz collection .
 Sometimes you get a collection and wish that you just had a single coherent CD from the artist rather than a mish mash of songs . Not so with the CD . The collection , is a genuine fine hour of Brownie , well chosen & I think is even stronger than any single orginal album of Clifford Brown than I own -LRB- though i do n't have `` with Strings '' yet -RRB- & certainly better than any other collection I 've heard . If you want to buy any single CD of his , I think this is it . Though , who would want only one ?
 In perfect condition - exactly what I wanted and ordered , arrived on time . SUPER GREAT AWESOME CD
 Good tunes , good variety . Like the Elephant man jams , cobra etc. . Great road trip music or wandering around with the ipod . Not a bad song on it
 I never heard of the TeddyBears until a few weeks ago . But now I am a huge fan . A great CD with lots of different sounds . Good music thats got some bumpin bass to it . Sounds great in my cars system .
 I had never heard of the Teddy Bears , but wanted the Cobrastyle track . It turns out that there is also a track by Iggy Pop . I have developed a real appreciation for the Teddy Bears and really like this CD .
 I saw the Teddybears perform live at Coachella '07 and had such a fantastic time that I bought their album . Their music is lively , fun , interesting and great to dance , run or do anything active to . Very entertaining .
 But honestly I can not think of a more FUN album since , I do n't know , the first English Beat album . I vacillated between giving this 4 or 5 stars , because I can not say it is great music it is just so damned fun . It opens with the appropriately titled `` Different Sound '' which sets the sort of retro theme for the disc . `` You move to a different sound '' are the lines you 'll hear as you catch your body swaying and you wo n't stop moving through the majority of this disc . `` Cobrastyle '' follows and it is one of the two strongest cuts with its incomprhensible dancehall lyric featuring some guy named mad cobra , it should be the number one track in every dance club in the world . Then comes Neenah Cherry guesting on the poppy `` Yours to Keep '' . `` Throw Your Hands Up '' is another cut that should be played nightly in every club with a Jamaican by the name of Elephant leading this dance anthem . Next comes the discs first forgettable cut `` Black Belt '' which is no longer on my Ipod . `` Punkrocker '' is apparently in a car commercial , but it is the best David Bowie song that David Bowie had nothing to do with ever written . Along with Cobrastyle , it is one of 2 surefire hits . I will say this though , it sure makes sense that Punkrocker is in a car commercial because it begs to be played full blast in your convertible 's stereo as you drive down the Pacific Coast Highway on a perfect spring afternoon . Heck it begs to be blaring as you pull into the West Des Moines Dairy Queen in your Geo , if that is your more likely place in the world . Then the disc gets a lot more techno and I see most the rest of the cuts being used in a Michael Mann film . `` Riot Going On '' is so Gary Numan . `` Little Stereo '' is a weird sort of singalong that I would have to label new wave dancehall , whatever the heck that is . Great Stuff throughout and a superb use of the guest celebs . Buy this disc so these guys will do another guest celeb collection . They have been around since at least 1993 . Why is this the first I 've heard of them ?
 Hearing Iggy Pop sing `` I 'm a Punk Rocker '' in the Cadillac TV commercial is enough to induce someone to try out this CD . But this is by no means the only knockout track on this assemblage of songs using various guest lead vocalists . This is an example of how the guest artist concept succeeds when `` done right '' ; the band slides easily into each guest 's M. O . The variety and pace changes keep your interest up throughout .
 Like many Americans , my first exposure to the this Teddybears album was through the Iggy Pop-voiced single `` Punkrocker '' . I 've always had a fondness for European techno -LRB- unlike Americans , the folk on the other side of the pond seem to understand the idea of using variation to keep their mixes interesting -RRB- , and the synthesized background tracks were catchy , so I went to check out the whole album . The results were a little different than I expected - while `` Punkrocker '' is definitely in the same vein as the rest of the songs , it 's definitely not representative of the album as a whole . There is a wide range of themes and attitudes here , as evidenced by the myriad guest vocalists . What ties it all together , however , is the persistent dance sound that will have you moving to the music almost subconsciously.Whether or not you 'll be into the album as a whole depends mostly on whether you 're open to revisiting the 80s early-techno genre . For those who appreciate the style , there 's much to like - old-school primitive synthesizer tracks are overlaid with some excellent vocal turns -LRB- other standouts include Elephant Man 's `` Are You Feelin ' It '' and Neneh Cherry 's `` Yours to Keep '' -RRB- . The experimental time-capsule nature of the album verges on self-awareness at times , with results ranging from biting -LRB- the lyrics of `` Punkrocker '' -RRB- to amusing -LRB- the vocal appearance of the Fred voice of the Macintosh Classic in `` Automatic Lover '' -RRB- . And while the lyrics are hardly multilayered , the tracks themselves are more than enjoyable enough to justify repeat listening . `` Soft Machine '' may be a bit simplistic in scope and execution , but this is a nonetheless enjoyable album that makes a nice alternative to much of the other bubblegum-pop ear candy on the radio today .
 I purchased this CD for my husband but found that I loved this bands unique sound . It 's kind of Daft Punk-ish , with a little more 70 's kind of feel . What 's interesting is several of these songs are featured in films and commercials ! Great purchase ! I 'm very happy with it .
 Great band . What do the Swedes know about rock that we forgot ?
 What can I say , thanks to Grey 's Anatomy I 've found the best CD of 2006 . REALLY , its fun and I love the guest singers . Did I say Love it !!!!!!
 `` Soft Machine '' by the Teddy Bears captures songs that epitomize a combination of pop and chillout . `` Yours To Keep '' , `` PunkRocker '' , `` Ahead of My Time '' and `` Automatic Lover '' are among some of the great tunes on this cd . I admit that I found out about this group through Pandora Radio and only wish that more songs were included . `` Soft Machine '' by the Teddy Bears is great for those who enjoy electronica music .
 Like most of the reviewers , this is not my normal style of music -LRB- hey , I 'm an old fart -RRB- , but this kicks butt . Sure , there 's room for improvement , but this offers a tasteful variety with a driving beat . Enjoy .
 Could listen to it over and over . Great for those long rides to work . Besides that Cobrastyle has gone BIG TIME . Put it on your Rack .
 A group that 's fairly unknown in the south but worth a listen . You may remember their song , `` PUNKROCKER '' a few years back on a Cadillac commercial .
 As good , if not better than all their previous work . It is however mostly remixes of previous songs - they 're all awesome though . Well worth owning .
 All the songs are different from each other and many are good , some are great , none are awful !!!!
 I got this CD due to the popular track Punkrocker . This song does not signify the entire album . Each song is very different , all are very upbeat . It 's a type of swedish electro-pop/club music album . But I like it and every song makes me want to dance !
 A big thumbs up for this album which includes very fun , danceable tracks . The best indication we have something hot and trendy here ? Look how the media outlets have been gobbling up the songs here for use in their commercials . The best : The opening track , `` Different Sound '' -LRB- just saw it on a commercial for Intel -RRB- . `` Cobrastyle '' a rap laid down to a beat similar to `` Good Thing '' by Fine Young Cannibals . Again this is another one that has been used on commercials -LRB- Heineken -RRB- and tv -LRB- Entourage , Grey 's Anatomy , to name just a few -RRB- . `` Punkrocker '' also used by Cadillac and I believe another company on a commercial . This has Iggy Pop and it shines . If you can keep your head still while listening , you are better than me . `` See me die on Bleeker St. '' . . great.Besides our media tunes , Daddy Boastin 's two contributions are highlights to the album : `` Little Stereo '' is a very catchy song that does n't take itself too seriously . `` Ahead of my Time '' has more of the upbeat rhythms that characterizes this album . `` Magic Kraut '' certainly has some Tangerine Dream influences and is a solid instrumental track.Neneh Cherry and Elephant Man 's contributions are both good additions , not among the best I feel , but strong songs nonetheless.Punk / electronica / electropunk or whatever genre you want to classify it in , `` Soft Machine '' is as much fun as it is cool . For me , it was a pleasant surprise , a versatile album where you can easily break-dance or chill out and sip martinis to .
 Disclaimer
 Normally I avoid Punk,Techno-Dance , types of music like the plague . But after purchasing and listening to TeddyBears `` Soft Machine , '' I 'm sold and this is coming from a 43 year old American male . Good music like all art spans the Globe , Cultures , and Generations .
 Like others who have reviewed this album , I am NOT a big fan of punk rock . . but after hearing the track `` Punkrocker '' on XM , I knew I had to have this album . As it turns out the entire album is awesome ! It is techno punk , yes . . and repetitive at times . . but catchy as heck . lol . I find myself skipping around to different tracks trying to decide which is my favorite . It 's still Punkrocker . lol
 I saw these guys at Coachella last year and not only do they put on an amazing performance , there studio work is nothin short of superb . This is definitely an album you can put on and listen from track 1 until the very end and get into every minute ! All my buddies are hooked !
 Fun , fun , fun . I 've listened to this for almost a year and am not yet tired of it . You ca n't wait to hear what the next track will bring . I 've turned several friends onto this CD and we all keep it at the top of our CD stack .
 Punkrocker is the best track on the album , but in whole this thing is just loads of fun . Anyone who likes to rock will absolutely dig this album . Get it now !
 Absolutely awesome ! Propulsive , tight and addictive . Plus , it 's not just me -- I 've played this at my house parties , and EVERYONE asks me who this is.Every time I fall in love with a track , the next track makes me re-think my position . Each time I listen , I 'm amazed at their ingenuity .
 What it is , it 's basic commercial music , but it 's not completely annoying . In fact , holistically it 's not annoying at all . It 's actually quite satisfying . Different Sound , Yours to Keep , Black Belt , and Alma are great . And some songs like Are You Feelin ' It and Automatic Lover tend to be a little too basic . But overall , I was n't even into this kind of music before but this changed things . Actually it did n't . I just listen to this CD over and over again .
 Very catching electronic pop album . I first heard of them from the Tag commercials , but `` Cobrastlye '' is not even the best song on the CD . `` Punkrocker '' and `` Riot going on '' are my two favorites . I highly recommend this album ... and if you are a little unsure , check out their myspace fo preview full tracks ... that 's what I did !
 I 've had a couple of people ask about this CD when they 're in my car . The popular hits are good , but the best songs on here I 've never heard on the radio , Sirius , or anywhere else.The songs are written and performed by different musicians , so there is no `` Teddy Bears '' sound . This makes it a diverse mix in the vein Electronic Punk .
 L&aacute;szl&oacute; Lajtha has never received the recognition he obviously deserves . I am not going to claim that his music is on the level of Bart&oacute;k 's , maybe not even Kod&aacute;ly 's , but he is n't far behind , and his neglect may be more due to political circumstances than anything to do with his music . Besides , Lajtha was , as opposed to the two mentioned composers , a symphonist - a great symphonist , at that ; probably Hungary 's greatest symphonist ever . The Marco Polo series of his orchestral music is hence a very important one . Stylistically the music will probably appeal to those who like the music of late Debussy , Kod&aacute;ly or Martinu - but it does n't really sound anything like any of them . The works on this disc are , perhaps , the ones that are closest to Bart&oacute;k in Lajtha 's output , however.Indeed , the seventh symphony , apparently a transitional work between the more traditional earlier symphonies and the remarkable , shimmering last two . The inspiration from Bart&oacute;k 's Music for Strings , Percussion and Celesta is very much audible , in particular in the second movement . Overall , this is one of Lajtha 's more fierce and furious works and the first movement sounds genuinely angry . No surprise , insofar as it was inspired by the Hungarian uprising of 1956 . Still it is the remarkable instrumentation and orchestral textures that leave the most lasting impression , especially with the haunting use of percussive instruments , e.g. the recurring heavy drum rolls , and the angry squeals from the saxophone . Overall , the work is somewhat chaotic with respect to structure , and might be accused of a certain tendency to meander -LRB- it is in those respects not in the league of the two symphonies to follow -RRB- . The symphonic pictures -LRB- used for the film `` The Gloomy Horse '' -RRB- are stirring pieces , somewhat reminiscent of Respighi , and the Third suite is a colorful and entertaining but not particularly individual.The P&eacute;cs Symphony Orchestra under Pasquet plays these works well , and they are very much able to bring out the various sonorities and textures . There is a certain lack of refinement and a certain lack of tidiness to the playing . The sound quality is very dynamic and good . All in all , this is a very recommendable release , although I strongly urge those unfamiliar with the composer to start with his 8th and 9th symphonies .
 I have some quibbles with the tempo the conductor has chosen to use , especially in the overture to Tantalusqualen -LRB- Hadda look that up in Wikipedia to get the spelling ! ;--RRB- On the other hand , that could simply be because I am used to other tempos . The first rendition you hear and get used to is not necessarily the best ,
 I have come across several CD 's of Suppe 's overtures over the years and they generally all contained the same ones - `` Poet and Peasant '' , `` Light Cavalry '' and various others which were his best known . So I was delighted when this set came out -LRB- 6 volumes in total -RRB- and gave me the chance to hear his lesser known overtures . I 've always enjoyed his music and this collection is a must-have if you 're a fan of light classical music . Suppe was known for composing beautiful melodies and these CD 's will demonstrate just that , and all perfectly played by the Slovak State Philharmonic Orchestra under Alfred Walter .
 This is Ray J 's best album yet , he did an excellent job on this album , he has grown alot from his last 2 albums and it really shows , just listening to Ray J 's first single `` One Wish '' I could tell tha album can only be better , this album is FIYAH !!! I think this album has to be tha best album I heard all year , its a breath of fresh air , some tracks that stand out on this album is `` Let 's Play House '' , `` Melody '' , `` Exotic '' , `` In The Mood '' , `` War Is Over '' , `` Sexy '' , `` One Wish '' , and my # 1 favorite track `` Anytime '' ... I got ta give this album 5 stars because its GREAT !!!!!
 Unlike some people who did not even take the time to listen to the entire album before writing a review , I have listen to the album several times . In my opinion it is by far his best work yet . I did n't really care for wait a minute but I love this album because both his subject matter and vocal ability have matured . Way to go Ray J ! Do n't let anything stop you from pushing foward .
 Ray J 's album `` Raydiation '' was a huge improvement over his first album `` This Ai n't A Game '' . The first single `` One Wish '' was a big hit and drew some attention towards Ray J , but other than that he has not marketed himself well which is why he is an underrated artist . This cd is strictly slow jams excluding `` Keep Sweatin ' '' and `` Quit Actin ' '' which are nice club hits . This album is worth buying in my opinion . Every track is good and this cd can be played and enjoyed all the way through . I recommend checking this album out.top tracks :1 - what i need2-blue high heels3-one wish4-keep sweatin ' -LRB- f. fat joe -RRB- 5-quit actin ' -LRB- f. r. kelly -RRB-
 For those who see Ray J on BET he comes of a lil corny , but do n't sleep on this album . I heard mix reviews about his other albums and truthfully the title Raydiation is kind of lame . But after I heard One Wish i decided to pick this album up . Now Ray J Does n't have a strongest voice but he does have good enough production and writing on this album to make up for that . The low points on this album are -LRB- Quit Hatin ' , Sexy , and Unbelievable -RRB- . Other than that the album is solid .
 THIS CD IS ONE OF THOSE CD 'S WHERE YOU CAN LET IT PLAY ALL THE WAY THROUGH . PERSONALLY I WAS SURPRISED OF HOW GOOD RAY J 'S CD WAS . IM VERY PICKY ON WHICH CD 'S I BUY BECAUSE I DONT WANT TO WASTE MONEY ON A SH*TTY CD . BUT AFTER BUYING RAY J 'S CD I FEEL I GOT MY MONEYS WORTH . SO DONT MISS OUT ON A GREAT CD AND MOST IMPORTANTLY DONT UNDER ESTIMATE THIS CD FROM RAY J.
 This is one of those albums that you ca n't help but listen to over and over again . This is not one of those albums that you get and like one or two songs . `` One wish '' is a great song but you have to hear `` anytime '' and `` lets play house . '' All I can say is go get it you 'll love it .
 The Raydiation CD brings Ray J out of the shadow of his sister Brandy . He has come into his own as a man and an artist . His growth in and outside of the music industry shone right through this album with sexually charged lyrics and tantilizing crooning . Far from `` Bubble Gum Pop '' and definitley proves the he ai n't Brandy 's little bro anymore . I give it a thumbs up and wish him the best of success . It 's long overdue . Ray J has been in the game since the early 90s when he played the adopted son on the Sinbad Show .
 I 've been waiting a while for this album i was realy looking forward to this album since i heard one wish a couple of times.Now i have this album and i 'm realy impressed i ` ts incredible he must have give his all to come with such a great album like this.He putt his live experience in some songs about that he did a little dirt in tha past and that is cool because you ` le wo n't hear that on most Rnb albums out these days .15 songs and almost all the songs are good believe me acept quit actin that song is borring.Ray j got a good voice he seems not to have problems with high singing and sometimes he raps well he sings with his voice he brings smoothnes in his music my credits for him.He is also a good writer not always but mostly , now let me talk about the beats A nice collection of beats over here You got The Club banger ones , the romantic ones , the exotic ones , and go on.And of course i got my list with favourite songs on this album everybody who likes this album does.My favourites : Keep sweatin : A good rap from fat head joe , a tight beat and ray j that does his thing defently a club banger.What i need : Enjoyble , smooth beat nice lycrics serious singing of ray j youre crazy if you ` le skip this one this might become a single it got what it takes to become that.One wish : Some serious -LSB- ... -RSB- , cool but he should n't have put this as the 1st single there are better songs on this album that could have been the 1st single i doub it if one wish can become big but further nice song.Exotic
 I listened to this album it surprised me . The intro was an innovative testament to the way he used to live his life and why he has changed . I thought that to be a unique way to start an R and B album . The first song was a Dark Child produced Crunk and B club banger . It 's definitely something that DJ 's will be spinning . The next 3 songs are melodius woman worshipping songs that you would expect to hear on a teen movie soundtrack . The almost humerous yet reminescent track `` Let 's Play '' shows his lyrical diversity . The syllables bounce off one another like nursery rhyme . The melody floats over the guitar rift like a petal floating on water . The next song `` Blue High Heels '' made me queestion my listening to his album . It sounded like Micheal Jackson , singing a Prince song on top of a track almost identical to Kem 's `` Love is Calling My Name '' . After that terrible excuse for a song I almost stopped listening to the cd . `` Melody '' the 7th track on the cd redeemed him . It was an ode to the beauty of a melody that blew my mind . Reminescent of Musiq 's love it is a song that praises the quality of a simple yet untangible object . The next song is a soulful duet with his sister . The next 3 songs are typical upbeat almost pop songs . His duet with Mya and his song `` In the Mood '' are not very good at all . I do n't feel `` Sexy '' or `` In the Mood '' when I listen to these songs . The last 2 tracks `` Anytime '' and `` Centerview '' are only okay . `` Centerview '' is a great song to end the album with because it gives it closure . If a 4 is an 80 percent out of 100 , roughly a B - that is what he deserves . It 's better than the average R and B cd but not one that I would tell all my friends to go out and buy .
 I am always one to do my best not to judge until I actually get my hands on a cd , so when I heard a friend say Raydiation was a good Cd I was a little iffy on getting it . His first CD was alright and I never really cared for his brand of music before . So I took the chance and got this cd via Itunes and I am shocked to say that the whole CD is good , from song to song it is really good . Songs like `` Melody '' , `` Let 's Play House '' , `` Sexy '' , `` Anytime '' are all good songs to listen to , just to get a feel for the CD . Homeboy did his thing this time .
 I 'm feeling this album . He has really stepped his game up a lot . The intro on the song is even hott.My favorites would have to be One wish , Keep sweatin ' , Lets play house , Melody , Sexy , Anytime , and What I need . The songs I did n't really care for are Unbelievable I do n't like that song . Exotic I thought the song would be different . and War is over even though Rayj and Brandy collabos are usually hott I ai n't feeling this song on this album .
 I do n't care what anybody says this album is tight . . Its a cd you can play from the beginning to the end . . We all know Ray J does not have the best voice infact he ca n't sing at all , but give the man some credit he did his thang on this album . . I do n't get why it did n't sell cause in my opinion it should be on the top ten charts its very underrated . . So if you wan na listen to some REAL r & b music then pick this album up .
 I dont know what people are talking about this Cd is Great . . The Best !! I hope the next cd top this one . Anytime is my Husband cut right there . . Keep doing it Ray J
 This album is one of Ray J 's finest works . It 's gritty and it 's honest . His vocals are REAL . When you 're a true artist you understand that making a song is not always about hitting the ` right note '' . It 's about the feeling behind the lyrics . The world is so obsessed with perfection that they 're just not ready for this man . They wo n't let him grow up . One Wish is a gorgeous track . War Is Over is one of my faves . I love it when Ray and Bran sing together and the overall message is outstanding . He seemed extremely mellow on the track . Anytime is super sexy and sensual . What I Need and Exotic are also GREAT ! But when you get to the last track ` Centerview '' it 'll blow ya mind . It 's so gritty and honest . Sheds some real light on this mans ability to move an audience . Overall the album is worth every penny you spend because it sounds nothing like the regular mindless stuff you hear clogging up the airwaves today .
 I too am glad he gave up rapping b/c that was a lost cause . Raydiation has solid HoT tracks . Ray J has my respect . This cd is NOT bad . This album has shown that he has grown as a artist from being Brandy 's younger brother . Got ta Much Luv for these songs
 I love this cd so much ! hes really grown up hes only about a year older then me but hes still sexy and he can sing sing sing i love the majority of his cd i love blue high heels melody one wish and war is over featuring his sister brandy hes stepped his game up and hes not a little boy anymore so if you like rnb and good sounding music go out and cop this cd its a real slow jam banga ! im lovin it ! hes so so sexy now too hes grown up and i think his cd is underated by most people so if you like soul and rnb and hip hop all rolled into one you will love this cd i guarantee you 'll be playing it on the regular i know iam ! its one of my favorites ! love it love it he has such a great vocal range and a great body too :--RRB- so if you like soulful great fun love music get this cd and stop hatin on the brotha for makin some good tunes that you can really groove to cause im lovin it i give it all 5 stars !
 This is an awesome CD . Admittedly I thought it was only OK first listen but as I kept listening it just kept getting better . I have pretty much every urban cd ever made and can safelty say that if you like Ginuwine , Marios vocals , and the production of Bobby Valentino , then you will love this ! The production is mint , his vocals are far more matured and he is now a key RNB player.Ray J also deserves props for writing his own stuff . His tracks are the stongest and I would n't be surprised if he writes for other urban artists in the future . Very much like Ginuwine or RL two of my favourites . I can not see how anyone would be disappointed with this album ? in my top 3 for the year .
 I thought this was finally a decent album from Ray-J . I feel like hes finally found his niche and this time around
 This is a good come-back from the ` This Aint A Game ' album , that album was good wit songs like ` wait a minute ' , ` where do we go from here ' , ` wet me ' and ` formal invite ' , etc. . However , this album is even better . You can tell that he has grown up on this album . I think he is making a name for himself in the music business , and wont just be known as Brandy 's kid brother . My fav tracks on this album are
 This album is the best one Ray-J has done so far . He really made it personal , which let 's you learn more about Ray-J and his experiences . Personally I love every song on this album , there is not one song I skip over . I have to hear every song , it 's addicting ! I love `` War Is Over '' featuring Brandy , the song gives me goosebumps , it 's so powerful . `` Keep Sweating '' and `` Quit Actin '' are really good club/party songs -- it makes you want to get up and dance ! Ray-J has some really good vocals and beats on this album . Make sure to check out the album , you wo n't be dissapointed !
 I never listened to Ray J 's music until I got a chance to hear the whole album on media player , I was blown away from this cd , he has a great voice , most people do n't wa n't to give this young man a chance . I recommend that you buy this cd , you wo n't be disappointed !! If I did n't get the chance to listen to the whole cd , then I would never know how great it is.Here are the tracks I rate1 . radiation 5/52 . keep sweatin 5/53 . what i need 5/54 . one wish 5/55 . let 's play house 5/56 . blue high heels 3/57 . melody 3/58 . war is over 4/59 . quit actin 3/510 . exotic 5/511 . unbelievable 4/512 . sexy 3/513 . in tha mood 5/514 . anytime 5/515 . centerview 5/5I hope this information is helpful .
 I Do n't See What Some Of Yall Are Sayin About `` Ray J Ca n't Sing '' Im Not Much Of A R&B Listener But The Boy HAs Talent ... He Sounds Good 2 Me ... I Mean I Have n't FOund Any Flaws In His Voice After Listening To It Over And Over . . I Think The Cd Is Worth The Purcase ... Get Over Yourselfs And Stop HAtin On Talented People Just Because Your Not : -RRB-
 I knew he would do it . it is long over due for people to stop looking at Ray J as Brandy 's little brother and as his own individual person i give this album five fat stars i like this whole cd but my favorite song is Melody and it 's exactly about the title I love this song too because I am a singer too and I love music so i get where he is coming from this song is beautiful !!!!!!
 Remarkable guitar player . I can not stress enough just how good he is , or how good his music makes me feel . His music is invigorating . Just buy it and prepare to be amazed .
 I 'm a huge fan of incredible guitar-oriented/instrumental rock and fusion . Think Dream Theater , Greg Howe , Michael Lee Firkins , Jason Becker ... and absolutely Blues Saraceno . I 've got all of this guy 's recordings and they are all excellent . Most of all , Blues is a fantastic composer and arranger . He writes some of the the most grooving rhythms around and accents them them with amazingly inspired melodies . He 's mastered tone and extracts fat , juicy and fiesty sounds from his guitar . The reviewer who said not to drive to this music is just about right -- it is really captivating , fascinating stuff that has never gotten old or boring , even on the 200th play . If you already appreciate instrumental rock , jazz fusion or harder blues , you will LOVE this album . Truly a `` ca n't go wrong '' disc .
 Blues Saraceno is nothing short of a demi-god when it comes to musical genius . His approach to music in it 's entirety is amazing to say the least . He has replaced my past favorites and now stands proud at the top . While he is fast as Vai and Satriani , his phrasing is majestic . His tone in unprecedented and unmatchable . Surprising to say , Saraceno cut all of these tracks in his own home studio at the ages of 16-23 . You will understanding what I am talking about when you hear this albumn . BUY THIS CD !!! REVEL IN ITS BEAUTY !!! SPREAD THE WORD OF BLUES SARACENO !!!
 Ehy Blues , are you reading all these excellent reviews of your instrumental albums ? We ' re all amazed by your talent as a guitarist and as a instrumental rock fusion composer . C'mon dude , come back to instrumental music as soon as possible and release another marvel album just like the three you did in the past!And you guys , you rock-fusion lovers do n't hesitate at all . Buy all the music you can find from Blues . His music is a fantastic mix of energy and beauty . If you love Satriani , Hoey , Vai , Van Halen music , those things , you ' ll love Blues .
 I began listening to Saraceno 's work back when it was orignally released by Guitar For the Practicing Musician . Over the years his music has matured and continues to offer a fresh approach to the guitar , his solid songwriting skills are evident in all his albums . I would recommend this CD to even the most discriminating listener .
 Blues Saraceno -LRB- yes this is his real name -RRB- is one of the most underated guitar instrumentalists ever . He combines great taste and maturity with high octane guitar pyrotecnics . Blues ' playing swings and grooves better and harder than most of the guitar counterparts of his ilk . He mixes the raw blues style of Stevie Ray Vaughan , with the rock energy of Van Halen . A must-have for fans of tasteful rock guitar playing . I guarantee you will not be dissapointed .
 Received CD just as described in 2 days ! This was a gift so it worked out perfect ! Great service . Would do business with again . Thank you
 Blues Saraceno is nothing short of a demi-god when it comes to musical genius . His approach to music in it 's entirety is amazing to say the least . He has replaced my past favorites and now stands proud at the top . While he is fast as Vai and Satriani , his phrasing is majestic . His tone in unprecedented and unmatchable . Surprising to say , Saraceno cut all of these tracks in his own home studio at the ages of 16-23 . You will understanding what I am talking about when you hear this albumn . BUY THIS CD !!! REVEL IN ITS BEAUTY !!! SPREAD THE WORD OF BLUES SARACENO !!!
 Although still a young man , Blues has been around for some time and this disc catalogues some of his scorchin ' best . This is serious , high-octane guitar work highlighting Blues along with a number of other top-shelf musicians . If you are into Vai , Satriani and the like , this disc is a `` must have '' for your collection . Solid arrangements , searing riffs and the crunch of an Ibanez set on 11 make this a fun disc to listen to again and again .
 There should be a warning label cautioning drivers not to listen and drive . You 'll get lost in the beat and end up with a ticket ! FIVE STARS IS N'T ENOUGH !!
 I began listening to Saraceno 's work back when it was orignally released by Guitar For the Practicing Musician . Over the years his music has matured and continues to offer a fresh approach to the guitar , his solid songwriting skills are evident in all his albums . I would recommend this CD to even the most discriminating listener .
 One of Europe 's most famous composers for his overtures and yet ignored for his operas , von Suppe is brought to life by this pristine recording of , overtures , marches and other light music . If you love &#34; The Light Calvery Overture , you will love the rest of the selections on the CD .
 I first heard this album in basic training for the British Army in late 1986 , a recruit friend playing this on his tape recorder while doing laundry . I 'd never heard of Magnum and thought they were a new group , my friend soon filled me in on what I 'd missed.Now while I like some of the early stuff -LRB- Just Like An Arrow & How Far Jerusalem amongst the few -RRB- , this album is the definitive Magnum album for me . Produced by Roger Taylor of Queen , this album shows the group in true radio-friendly rock mode and the influence of Taylor is clear when you listen to other material . A lot of rock purists are not so hot on this style , but it 's the only way I listen to rock so I 'm happy . There 's not a duff track on this album , even though Magnum did n't get their commercial breakthrough until the follow-up single Start Talking Love a few years later -LRB- before sadly fading away again -RRB- . Best tracks
 I have to say that I 'm terribly biased towards Magnum and I make no apology for that but this is surely one of the truly great albums and must rank alongside Bryan Adams ' Reckless , Mac 's Rumours and the like . From the haunting ` Need a Lotta Love ' to the powerful title track and the sublime ` Midnight ' , this album has the lot . If ever a track was a ` headphones on , volume up and wallow ' , Midnight is it . ` Midnight ' is remixed on Chapter & Verse but was produced by John Taylor -LRB- Queen -RRB- and you can tell - the drumming 's up and kills the sax . Forget the ` best of ' compilation albums - if you 're going to get one Magnum album , get this . I bought this in '86 and even today , it still has pride of place in a CD collection of over 750 . Get this and you can keep your lottery ticket in it - you 'll always know where it is .
 This album has been a long-time favorite of mine . It is the second Magnum album that I discovered , `` On a Storyteller 's Night '' being the first -LRB- and my favorite -RRB- . Being from the U.S. , I had never heard of them until I spent time in Germany as a high school exchange student in 1989 . Their sound was distinctly original and new to me , yet the melodies have a sense of familiarity.I now have almost all of their albums , except for the most recent few . While this album is more mainstream than many of their albums , the musicianship is nonetheless stellar . These are great songs that are easy to listen too.For those of you who are new to Magnum , this album is among their most commercial , radio-friendly albums . It is simply great . Many of their other albums have more artistic compositions . If you were to take the 2 or 3 radio friendly songs from each of their other albums and put them on one cd , you would have something similar to this one.In short , it 's a great cd . It 's not my very favorite of theirs , but it is among the top 3 or 4 -LRB- and they have a lot of albums ! -RRB- .
 Magnum 's `` Vigilante '' is their most commercial sounding album , and it might as well be their finest effort ever . Some would say it 's time typical and some will say that it has little in common with the early Magnum . Well , that might be the case but the fact is that this album is very good - strong material , well performed and well produced . Magnum deliver quality rock with a lot of melody from the start to the end . You get rockers as well as ballads , and Magnum have not included a single filler on this solid album . Highly recommended !
 Well I am ... . I have to say in all honesty ... . A true Magnum fan , In the past I followed them all the way to see them perform live and at there very best , which was in my own personal opinion ... All the time ! Vigilante is certainly one of Magnum ` s finest example ` s of good solid heavy rock on any one given Cd ! `` Need a lot of Love '' is one of there finest along with `` Vigilante '' of coarse ! And there is also track ` s like `` Lonely Night '' and `` Midnight '' on there too ! I personally have all Magnum ` s Cd ` s as I ` m so into there genre of music and culture ! I Simply could ` nt be without ! But if you like a bit of Live in concert Magnum then i recomend that You get you ` re hand ` s on Magnum ` s `` Live '' cd !
 In 1977 Yakov Milstein wrote
 J&aacute;n Levoslav Bella -LRB- 1843-1936 -RRB- was a prolific Slovak composer active in the heyday of late Romanticism . Although he was barely known to the public except as a teacher and exponent of Slovakian nationalism , he had connections with many musical figures such as Liszt , B&uuml;low , Dohn&aacute;nyi , and Richard Strauss . As far as I know , Marco Polo is the only label to showcase Bella 's music and they have released two volumes of his chamber music -LRB- Bella
 It 's easy to go either way on this one
 In some ways I think this is Bebel 's best album to date . Her music on this album exudes sensuality and sex appeal in a relaxed and mellow way . I am amazed that some fellow reviewers did not feel this from listening to this album . I have counted 2 so-so songs out of the whole entire album . The rest of the album is awesome , hence why I give 4 instead of five stars . Looking back on her other albums I found that there were always a few songs that were just so-so compared to the other songs on the album . She again beautifully fuses electronic and organic elements on this album . She shifts between the slower more intimate songs like `` Close to You '' and `` Night and Day '' to more festive songs like `` Cadaca '' and the great `` Os Novos Yorkinos '' -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- . All in all I think the songs are well arranged , Bebel 's sounds great as always , and you should buy this if you liked her other albums .
 I discovered Bebel 's music at the coffee shop I run and was completely enchanted . My favorite memory of her previous CD , `` Bebel Gilberto '' was listening to it while swinging in a hammock on hot summer evenings . So I 've been looking forward to this for awhile . At first listen , it 's certainly different but keeps the same , slow and sensual vibe of her other albums . We listened to it twice last night and it grows on you right away . Now it 's settled into that , `` oh wow , I keep hearing different things every time I listen to it '' kind of phase . I wonderful artist , suble electronica , lush bossa nova and great vocals .
 Momento is a continuation of Gilbertos bossa nova lineage and the near perfect production should n't be minimized . Gilberto creates moods backed by rhythm and song and she has n't done it better than on this disc -- really a perfect marriage of Tanto Tempo and it 's gorgeous follow up Bebel Gilberto . I had the pleasure of seeing her perform with a symphony orchestra a few months ago and the songs here were alive and shimmered with orchestral backing -- Bebel herself is sublime . A true talent that will be around for years to come.The Shine of Dried Electric Leaves
 This is an great mix of Brazilian tunes mixed with American songs from the 40 's with the Babel Gilberto touch .
 I 've had this album since February as part of a pre-release , and I was told that 2 of the tracks may change . Surprisingly , they kept all of the pre-release tracks intact , without any additions or subtractions to it.The first thing people may notice is the inclusion of more English-language songs . Honestly , I think it tends to take away more from the album than adding to it , especially when there are grammatical errors , like in `` Words '' when Bebel sings , `` I need some words just to explain my pain and describe my misbehave '' . The album opens with the title track , `` Momento '' , which is a nice little relaxing diddy without too much fuss , much like much of her beach-lounge music . `` Bring Back the Love '' is a more upbeat-dance tune with just a bit of electronica thrown in . I found that the repetition of the words `` bringing back the love '' and the vocals do not match the background beat/music . `` Close To You '' is a nice romantic song , and probably my favorite of the English-spoken songs -LRB- with Portuguese thrown in -RRB- on the album . It 's got a nice low-key intstrumental background . In `` Os Novos Yorkinos '' , Bebel sings with Sabina Sciubba -LRB- who does n't sing , and speaks 2 lines in the whole track -RRB- of Brazilian Girls -LRB- a group with none of the members from Brasil -RRB- is a light , fun , acoustic song without too much substance , but is pleasant to listen to . `` Azul '' is one of my favorite tracks , which the instrumentals highlight Bebel 's voice very well , and is another slower romantic song with some acoustics in the mix . `` Cacada '' is an upbeat samba-ish song with drums in the middle part of the song , it makes for good listening . `` Night and Day '' is my other favorite English song -LRB- entirely in English -RRB- , is a very lazy love song with mainly an acoustic guitar serving as the instrumental . It complements a rainy day very well . `` Tranquilo '' has a very Mexican cha-cha sound to it , which sounds out of place at first . The song is so-so without any substance at all . `` Um Segundo '' is another song that does n't really fit into any category with mainly an acoustic guitar and some light drumming to ompliment more upbeat vocals . `` Cade Voce '' is my favorite song on the whole album , with the intro being an acoustic strumming which then stems into lush instrumentation and more lush vocals . The enunciation of Bebel 's lyrics stand out in a very good way . It has a very relaxed feel to it , with background singers oohing and aahing along with 2 accompanying violins/violas towards the end . `` Words '' is an so-so song which is entirely sung mostly in English . It sounds more like filler , like some of the other songs on this album with minimal background music and not much in the way of vocals.Overall , this album was slightly disappointing . I think her trying to be more mainstream in the States is taking away from the overall polish of the album , and too many of the songs sound like filler , and it would n't be a stretch to say they sound pretty similar . The songs I did like though , I liked a lot with the varying types of instrumentation.Recommended tracks
 Like a warm ocean breeze or the cool of air conditioning , the music of Bebel Gilberto provides the perfect summertime accompaniment , making the release of her new album `` Momento '' well-timed . The daughter of the legendary Joao Gilberto , one of the creators of bossa nova , she adds elements like jazz and electronica to his sound and formulates one that still remains true to those of her father 's native Brazil . With a comfortable mix of English and Portuguese throughout the record , her music is as familiar as it is international.As on her first two LPs , she starts things off with a sensual selection , this time with the ethereal title track . Warm , passionate sounds frame the enchanting Brazilian cool of her voice , harkening thoughts of 60 's lounge singers and tropical cruises . Singing that all the stresses her listener faces will soon come to pass , that the words are in Portuguese makes no difference - her silky voice alone is the perfect remedy . She then moves on to the lightly danceable lead single `` Bring Back the Love , '' where the awesome New York-based quintet Brazilian Girls -LRB- which incidentally has just one female member -RRB- add buoyancy to its dreamy melody.This is not to say that her sound is uniform , however . `` Tranquilo , '' which features the brilliant sounds Orquestra Imperial on instrumentals and backing vocals , is a rousing affair straight out of a late-night party that fits perfectly into the album 's tropical aura . Contrastingly , `` Um Segundo '' is a breath of fresh air with its sparse accompaniment , making Gilberto 's vocals invariably take center stage . Also , `` Cacada '' features a sprightly melody and a zesty host of ethnic instrumentation.The sultry songstress tips the hat to her native New York with the urban-themed `` Os Novos Yorkinos '' while also giving well-versed music lovers something to treasure with her gorgeous , lilting take on Cole Porter 's classic `` Night and Day . '' Normally an animated showtune , Gilberto reinvents the song into a meticulous slice of romantic balladry with her bossa nova flavors.The best moment of the set -LRB- arguably -RRB- , however , is the euphoric `` Cada Voce ? '' With an overwhelmingly beautiful mix of guitars , synths , violins and spirited vocals , producer Guy Sigsworth takes home the gold with this one . Gilberto concludes the record on a high note with `` Words , '' a soul-searching slice of life accompanied by a single acoustic guitar.Gilberto 's music is something special that a privileged few have come to know , and she only sets the bar higher with `` Momento . '' Listen , and be transported .
 Along with Ceu she is one of my favorite Brazilian singers and have to say , bought this one more hoping for the best . After her previous releases I thought to myself `` Well it cant get better than this '' and while maybe I ca n't say she has improved this is still up there with the rest of her releases.Soft vocals over an almost African rhythm that just blend together so well . Yeh this is quality lounge music , this is music for the summer , long lazy days having a drink with friends , just being alone after a hard day or a long drive.Probably the only thing I dislike on this CD are when she sings in English . Give me that Portuguese any day !
 Music can transport , intoxicate , induce dreams and inspire delicious fantasies , ripe for enacting . Bebel Gilberto achieves this and more with the release of her third effort , `` Momento '' . The sensual , slow burn of her vocals and rythym allow the listener to get carried away to another place , a place where time stands still , begging one to abandon all earthly cares in favor of romantic splendor . `` Momento '' , the opening track and CD title , peaks into Gilberto 's world , with a poetic recount of pieces of her personal puzzle . `` Bring Back the Love '' includes a hushed moan in the background , with a steady beat and almost chant like command ... `` Close to You '' is about as sensual as anything you are apt to hear these days . It absolutely implores the listener to drop the material concerns to beckon one 's lover ... . sexy and sensual indeed.Gilbeto 's take on the standard '' Night and Day '' breathes new life into a romantic classic . She whispers through the urgency of this song with an understated passion , leading one to believe that the object of affection will receive the boil over of her desire . Such delivery is what illustrates a mood , making for true `` mood '' music.The remaining tunes are at turns festive , contemplative and always engaging . Give way to the temptation ; Bebel Gilberto offers a sublime summer album that is guarenteed to satisfy .
 The music of Bebel Gilberto is capable of helping us feel happy and even curious . I grew particularly fond of the tunes Momento , Azul , Os Novos Yorkinos , and Cad Voc ? for the energy , harmony , poetry , and of course , Gilberto 's beautiful voice . Unlike the Girl from Ipenema , Joao Gilberto 's ` insensitive ' beauty , this album introduces us to a woman willing to share her life stories with the help of guitars , drums , and violins . Like that Girl , she remains unapproachable . We can only admire her from afar . This sad remoteness could be helped by learning the incredible Brazilian Portugese language , at least well enough to know whether she is talking about love , life , or the pursuit of happiness . I know she is not talking about love lost . Ah , that is what is unique about her music . It is always about adding to love , never losing it .
 It 's a good album and there are some very beautiful pieces of music on here . ` Azul ' , ` Cade Voce ' , ` Night and Day ' , and ` Close To You ' are the standouts and those songs alone make this album worth the price of admission . They are undeniably gorgeous songs and it 'd be hard for anyone to find fault in those songs . Unfortunately , the rest of the tracks are not as awe-inspiring as the above mentioned songs and even though music is obviously subjective , I think most people will agree that there are more `` skippable '' songs than we 'd like on a Bebel Gilberto album . Overall , this album is very solid compared to alot of what 's out there , it 's just that , like all good artists , we hold Bebel to a higher standard -LRB- such is the bane of all good artists -RRB- .
 This is another fine effort by Bebel , and the music is , for the most part , wonderful . I just wish she would stick to what she does best - her acoustic side . The songs on this album that have `` club '' beats just can not compare , in my opinion , to her minimalist efforts that showcase her amazing vocal talent . Her version of Cole Porter 's `` Night and Day '' , will always be up there among her very best ! Maybe not as perfect as her previous two offereings , but an essential part of her musical library , just the same .
 This is a thoroughly joyous album . Joao 's kid is , once again , in fine form . -LSB- Bebel is not Astrud 's child -RSB- . This is pure sensory experience , sexual without being sexually explicit -LSB- after all , this is Latin jazz , not rap -RSB- . Happy intermixture of Portugese and English , and I think Bebel 's English is pretty good.Most of these tracks wo n't be familiar to an American audience , though Bebel does a fine job with Cole Porter 's `` Night And Day '' . Bebel is no Ella , but then Ella was not Bebel , either . We really do n't need `` familiar '' with albums that are about feeling . There are several singers of this genre around currently ; Bebel is certainly as good as the best . Grab this album for the joy of it .
 I find myself liking `` Momento '' more and more as I listen to it numerous times . Still , in the end , it does n't feel as solid as her previous -LRB- self-titled -RRB- work . I am giving it 4 stars for its sexy chillout/bossa feel which continues to be crowned by Bebel 's lovely voice .
 The German philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein said , `` The limits of my language are the limits of my world '' . Ms. Gilberto 's Momento uses her language of music - Portuguese and English - to increase the limits of your musical world . From the organized combinations of the alto flute and baritone sax in Night and Day to the profound utterance of the cello in Cade Voce . This is complicated and seductive music . Its life changing music and I have to experience it live.See you in New York or Chicago.This music should be shared with someone you care deeply for .
 Bebel Gilberto is one of those singers who provokes diverse reactions-like Norah Jones , there are those who intensely enjoy her music , and others who consider her music worthy of a dentist 's office , best relegated to the background or an upscale clothing store . Entertainment Weekly has hailed her the `` Norah Jones of her genre '' and Oprah 's magazine has praised her for `` gorgeous Brazilian pop . `` Since I enjoyed Bebel Gilberto 's `` Tanto Tempo '' and self-titled sophomore effort , I kept an open mind about `` Momento '' , her new album about living in the moment . It 's fitting-since it clocks in at only 48 minutes . Each song is brief , an ephemeral appetizer . It 's over so quickly one wonders about the main course . Bebel Gilberto remains the perpetually cheerful diva-unlike CeU , who has more variety . `` Momento '' is n't a loss . Bebel Gilberto is trying to make a happy medium between the techno of `` Tanto Tempo '' and her acoustic self-titled album . She succeeds admirably . The title song is slow and thoughtful . `` Bring back the love '' with the Brazilian Girls is musical fluff ; perfect for pop radio , but superior to most of the songs on Top 40 radio . `` Os Novo Yorkinos '' is a beautiful tribute to New York , complete with street sounds . `` Azul '' and `` Cacada '' flow into each other . Her bossa nova take on `` Night and Day '' is a perfect sensual take on the American standard . `` Tranquilo '' is a lively , live salsa number . `` Um Segundo '' means `` In a Second '' , both it and `` Cade Voce ? '' are complementary , one is gentle , the other dynamic.Bebel Gilberto is developing her style . Her third album is enjoyable , and should be enjoyed for what it is-living in the moment .
 This is the best CD to date from Bebel . She has finally arrived at a place where her music is hers and hers alone . It is a relaxed , mellow and happy place and one that I enjoy very much.This seems to offend some who apparently would prefer Bebel to remain in the set bounds they have proscribed for her music . Bebel dares to evolve and is damned for it -LRB- `` fluff '' -RRB- regardless of the substantial musical merit shown.If you go to Bebel 's website you can hear the song samples better than you can here as they are better quality and longer . Listen for yourself . There is a simplicity and a sense of melody that has not shown itself before . Memento is one of my favorite songs - it is happy sultry relaxed and fun all at the same time . Bebel owns Night & Day like it were her own . While there are a couple songs that wo n't be fed to Itunes overall this is really a great album.Which gets us to what music is and what it means to us . This CD takes me to a happy sunny place where I am very comfortable . What could be better than that ? Is n't that really what music is supposed to do ? Surely there is a place for music that challenges and amazes us but for most of my days music that soothes the mind takes me away to a place I want to be is what I want and need.Bebel has matured into an excellent artist who is now for once fully comfortable doing what she really wants to do . She is known to be methodical about her music which is why she simply does not pump out CD 's . Someone who knows of her history should be comfortable with allowing Bebel to grow and mature and in the process bring us as her audience to that place that we would like to be.I think this is an excellent CD and look forward to Bebel 's continued growth and evolution .
 I would n't be at all surprised if this release , Bebel 's third , receives mixed reviews . Its flaw is that the first two tracks are the weakest songs on the cd - hard to believe , I know ... -LRB- and the 2nd track is the supposed ` hit single ' -RRB- . But starting with track 3 , Close to You , through til the end , it 's consistently strong , varied material , closer in spirit to Bebel 's 2nd release , Bebel Gilberto , than Tanto Tempo
 When I first listened to this , my immediate impression was that this was a 3-star album , meaning I was n't going to review it . But I have to admit , after having listened to it edge to edge a few times , that the c.d. has grown on me . It has an hypnotic effect . It is one whose whole exceeds the sum of its parts.This is a Brazilian pop-jazz-bossa c.d. Bebel Gilberto , daughter of the immortal Astrud , sings with a very breathy tone -- not as breathy as Gabriela Anders , but not as solid as Maria Rita or Flora Purim , either . The c.d. is heavy on acoustic guitar and percussion . She sings in English and Portuguese -- and on some tracks , in both languages.There is no one track that truly stands out . But after awhile , you notice the effective coloration of strings , the cello , the bass trombone , the alto flutes and the tenor sax . It all sneaks up on you quite subtly.This is a perfect c.d. to download into your I-pod , and cool with on the beach while sunbathing , drinking wine coolers , and watching `` the girls from Ipanema '' as they pass by . RC
 i have very high standards for bebel gilberto because her last two albums were exceptionally good . but luckily bebel is talented enough to satisfy my tough standards -- this album is really good too . some of the songs on here are among some of the best she 's ever made . `` tranquilo '' is a laid back medium tempo song with lovely horns and percussion . `` um segundo '' is another innovation for bebel . she starts the song kind of scatting -LRB- a modernized version of what her father joao used to do as at the end of his 1959 and 1964 versions of desafinado -RRB- and then moves on with just a guitar , light percussion , and some quiet background vocals . for portuguese speakers , these lyrics are the most clever of any song she 's made with a flirtatious and catchy chorus . and there were quite a few other good songs on the album.i am seeing a trend in her music away from techno . her first album tanto tempo became a techno club favorite . it had many songs produced by suba , a yugoslavian born electronica producer who lived and made music in brazil . her eponymous second album had a few techno style songs but featured less electronica . this third album momento has only one true electronica track with a few others that will certainly be remixed into that style . i like her electronica songs , but bebel 's trend away from it has been felicitous . she 's really making innovative , beautiful music now.if you liked bebel 's other cds , you will like this one too . if you have n't heard her , momento is a great introduction to her music .
 Love this ! It was fresh and breezy , perfect cooking music , and really nice to have playing during dinner -LRB- outside is best -RRB- . Ca n't imagine why it would n't be great at a cocktail party .
 Bebel Gilberto 's new release is not her best ... BUT ... it is sure to please all her fans . `` Bring Back the Love '' has the chance of making a lot of air play while songs like the standard `` Night and Day '' and `` Azul '' are great chill out songs to relax with .
 The name Gilberto immediately caught my eye , as I recalled some of the sexiest South American music of some years ago . This CD fulfills all those expectations -- and then some . The selections move from slow and sultry to catchy and sparkling in an easy transition . Gilberto 's voice is soft , but distinct , and the arrangements complement the singer , they do n't overwhelm her . Beautiful .
 I was going to give this release 4 stars , like everyone else , until I put on my Sennheiser headphones and gave it another listen . I was blown away -- goosebumps every other minute , and the production detail is stunning . This seems to be one of those recordings that is somewhat dependent on the quality of stereo it is played on . Sounds crazy , but I really believe it . Sounds not so good on the JVC bookshelf stereo , crappy in the Chrysler , SWEET in the Audi , and stellar on the B&W ; 's , the latter of which gave me a total body-rush when I played Azul at high volume.The Bottom Line
 If you love Bossa Nova , this is for you . Really great music and Bebe 's usual mellodic tunes and soothing sounds !
 Bebel up to date still remains my favorite female artist . She continues to do what she does best in this album and that 's make deep and sensual music . Though personally this is n't my favorite album that she 's made , however the songs Momento , Close to you , Azul , and Cade Voce in my opinion are more of the rare gems Bebel has added to her already popular arsenal of great Bossa Nova music . Any true fan of hers would be satisfied with her overall performance of this album . Keep it up Bebel !!!!!
 For some inexplicable reason teenage tragedy was a pop music phenomenon in the late Fifties and early Sixties and this single-disc collection hits all the highlights . `` Last Kiss '' , `` Teen Angel , '' `` Endless Sleep , '' `` Tell Laura I Love Her , '' `` Patches '' and `` Leader of the Pack '' all went Top Ten , so apparently sad tales of adolescent woe were n't a detrement to chart success . The only real clunker here is the goofy parody `` Leader of the Laundromat . '' -LSB- Surprisingly , that song went to No. 19 , while `` Leader of the Pack '' was still on the charts . -RSB- If you like a good cry now and then -- or just need to be reminded that not all pop hits were sunshine and rainbows -- this album is for you . RECOMMENDED
 The `` death song '' has been around for a long time , its North American roots found in folk and hillbilly music of the 1920s , 30 's and 40 's such as Vernon Dalhart 's immortal Wreck Of The Old ' 97 , Stack-O-Lee -LSB- later updated to Stagger Lee by Lloyd Price in 1958 -RSB- , Frankie & Johnnie , Wreck On The Highway , The Last Roundup , and Put My Little Shoes Away . This release even contains an early one , dating from 1952 , when Little Caesar -LRB- actor Horace Caesar -RRB- took Goodbye Baby to # 5 R&B. ; With instrumental backing by Que Martyn , it ends with a murder/suicide ! But until the R&R ; era began the `` death song '' almost never appeared on the pop charts . That all changed with Black Denim Trousers , a # 6 Billboard Pop Top 100 in October 1955 by The Cheers -LRB- a group that included a young Bert Convy -RRB- with Les Baxter 's orchestra . Those trousers and his motorcycle boots were all they found after he hit a `` screaming diesel . '' From then until the mid-Sixties , the ultimate end soon became a ataple on the charts.Here you get a decent sampling of the type , beginning with J. Frank Wilson & The Cavaliers ' Last Kiss -LSB- # 2 Hot 100 in the fall of 1964 -RSB- through to what some publications call the most tasteless song ever to chart , 1965 's I Want My Baby Back which Jimmy Cross somehow managed to take to # 95 Hot 100 . While that , and Leader Of The Laundromat by The Detergents -LRB- # 19 Hot 100 in December 1964 , were intended as a comedic parody of the genre , the others reflect the minor and major traumas of teenage life in the period , replete with over-doses of romanticism . The two just mentioned , in fact , could have been left off , along with two that were not hits , and so never received much air or juke box play , never mind sales , these being The Pickup by Mark Dinning and Last Kiss by Wayne Cochran . Instead they could have been replaced with two true such selections in the form of Jan & Dean 's Dead Man 's Curve , Roy Orbison 's Leah , Black Denim Trousers , Honey by Bobby Goldsboro , and Seasons In The Sun by Terry Jacks . That would have made it a classic all-hits Death Disc.The others charted as follows
 WHY ? That one word is probably echoing through your head as you stare blankly at the list of songs on this CD . What is ` Leader of the Laundromat ' ? Do I need to know why this guy wants his baby back ? -LRB- If you do n't , I wo n't spoil it , but the CD is worth buying for this one song ! -RRB- And , ultimately , is hearing the Last Kiss by two different singers really worth the money ? The answer is a big yes ' . In the nineteen fifties , the world - or at least the teenage population of the west of it - was gripped by an insatiable desire for songs of teen tragedy . Not all of them will bring you to the brink of tears , and some are down right strange , but overall this CD is more than worth the money . My personal favourite is the Pickup , though there are many other classics on it . Leader of the Pack and the merciless parody of it Leader of the Laundromat are both fantastic , while Tell Laura I Love Her is as charming as it ever was.Depressing music , perhaps , but they can still belt out a great tune.I met him at the candy store ...
 As a rock and roll fan , and someone who has always loved melancholy in art , I 've always had a fascination with the `` dead teen-romantic '' pop song of the 50s-70s . This is a good collection.I 'd rather heard more obscure songs but , hey .
 I really enjoy listening to this CD . I used to have the album years ago . The song that is my favorite is `` Wings As Eagles '' - even though the other songs are great also . That song is so uplifting in times of trial .
 List for `` Grammy Nominee '' CD1 . I Exalt Thee2 . Wings As Eagles3 . Let the Whole World Know4 . Our God Reigns5 . Amazing Grace6 . Hosanna7 . El Shaddai8 . Everlasting Life9 . The Lord 's Prayer
 The spanish tv spots music ready for use . During the past ten years spanish creatives won the Cannes Awards of advertising using their sense of humour and good music . Now you can find all the b.s.o. in this cd .
 Unlike the previous reviewer who may be confusing mediocre performance for mediocre composition , I think it 's fairly safe to say that the moderately alert , reasonably well-informed listener can ascribe a lot of what 's going on here to rough-and-ready provincial performance standards.In a way , it 's rather insulting that music of this invention , excitement , and quality would 1 -RRB- be neglected all these years , and 2 -RRB- then get a roughshod , slipshod presentation such as this . The Arnheim band does what it can , but the legato is almost missing , the bass-line and chording whacked to the point of fear , the glissandi slurred into slop . The meticulous Markevitch would have had none of this , but this is partly his fault since he sat on his music and did n't perform it much after he got involved with Gui organizing the Stabile in Florence.The amazing contrapuntal writing for brass in these works is so muddled here that it made me think of a flopping fish on a mudflat , breathless and desperate , so much so that I got tired finally listening around the claptrap to get the measure of the works.Even for all these negatives , I 'm tacking on a star simply because 1 -RRB- we need this music , and 2 -RRB- maybe this will get someone able to handle it off his duff to do right by it . I 'd surely like Neemi Jarvi and the Detroit Symphony to take a gander at it , or Jean-Claude Casadesus in Lille , or Dutoit if he 'd ever behave and really study a score . Of course we can dream about what all this would be like with Paul Paray , Roger Desormiere , Serge Baudo , or Ernest Ansermet -- perhaps in the next life.Another thing this all brought home to me is what that debonair and persistent maestro Peter Eros has been putting up with for a long , long time .
 No , I can not give this disc less than five stars , despite the indisputable shortcomings.Igor Markevitch 's fame still rests on his work as a conductor - indeed as one of the most remarkable conductors in the twentieth century . But the Marco Polo series of his orchestral music , should - if there is any justice - fill out that picture significantly . Indeed , I do n't think I am exaggerating when claiming that this series reveals him as one of the most remarkable composers of the twentieth century as well . To emphasize
 First 5 tracks are `` out takes `` of racks which appeared on the IRS Animals REUNION album . They are much better thanks to JOHN STERLING . He took painstaking care to help mastermind arrangements/production ! JS was former guitarist/co-writer/arranger -LRB- the brains behind THE ERIC BURDON BAND and Eric 's better 70 's and very early 80 's solo CDs -RRB- . `` Tango '' is suave and could be hit with Eric ad-libbing and luscious refrain . Title Track is a M-O-N-S-T-E-R track and much more powerful than the version Animals did - musicians are quite better - so is ERIC thanks to the production and engineering ! Great Live version of `` Tobacco Road '' from Europe -LRB- song that appeared on ERIC BURDON DECLARES WAR -LRB- Eric Burdon & War , 1971 , MGM -RRB- But check out the great unexpected surprise ! A bizarre and great psychedelic live track that is mesmerizing as follows
 This album was originally recorded in 1982 , but not released until 1998 -LRB- I think -RRB- as ` Nightwinds Dying ' . This is another release of the same album.It contains 2 Animals songs , that I personally think The Animals did better . The versions of The Night and Love Is For All Time , lacks reverb . It also contains the tremendeous studio version of ` Tango ' , highlight in the bands concerts , plus 8 unreleased songs other songs . The versions of It 's Too Late , Heart Attack and Devil 's Daughter are much better than the versions from his Comeback project in 1981 . Erics vocal is as powerful as ever , but is a bit scruffy on Love Is For All Time . All in all is this a really great rock album ! A must for any fan , and perhaps for everyone?NOTE
 I was really surprised at how long it held my interest . I could n't stop listening ! Beautiful trumpet playing . It 's so well produced that it 's hard to believe there 's only one person playing . Buy it .
 This is a good nostalgic album recalling the days of yore and has some good dance beat for the rock crowd . I recommend it .
 I sure brings back memories of listening to the old am radio my Mamma played . All the great songs and there special harmony that ca n't be duplicated . Love the album ... uh CD . I forgot what century it was for a minute .
 My husband and I had just seen the Everly Brothers Reunion on GA Public TV and enjoyed the concert so much that we decided to order to CD . I found this CD , purchased a used one , and have been so pleased . The quality of the music is wonderful . Their harmony is just unbelievable . This CD has all their hits and is definitely worth purchasing if you 're looking for their classic hits . Brings back so many memories .
 Saw a TV Show not long ago with the Everly Brothers in concert and had n't really ever though much about them , they were before my time . However , really liked them and I could n't get the song , -LRB- Till -RRB- I Kissed You , out of my head . So I bought the CD for my girlfriend , come to find out they have a lot of songs that we liked and had heard , but never really paid that much attention too and did n't know that they sung them . It 's a great CD for the money , but I do hate the Eco-Friendly Packaging .
 I listened to this cd prior to purchasing it for my husband . Wow , the tunes took me back to some fun times . My husband and I sang and still sing to the Everly Brothers songs on this cd . Good times , really .
 Any fan who appreciates the Everly Brothers has to havethis album . The remastered sound is superb of course , butthe deciding factor on this one should be the inclusionof their last hit , after more than 20 years had passed sincetheir previous one.After the team reunited , one of their biggest fans wrotea song especially for them . Paul McCartney wrote `` Wings ofa Nightingale '' for them , and it is a truly beautiful songthat displays their harmony at its best , and the song isnot usually found on other collections.Get the best of all their classic early hits , plus thislast hit.A must have for any fan .
 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection
 Treat yourself to the sweet harmonies of the Everly Brothers , with a CD that has been remastered to underscore their pure sound . Played this for my musician son in law who was not familiar with their music and he is so impressed . All the hits are here , sounding better than ever . An outstanding addition to your collection --
 The Millennium collection seems to have the songs I always want from a group or artist . The quality of the sound is there everytime . As the local music stores disappear it is good to be able to trust a system like this as I replace much of my vinyl for a CD collection . This CD gives me what I want for the Everly Brothers in one purchase .
 Long ago in californialand , i heard the last everly brothers `` hit '' , on the wings of a nightingale , 1 time and i knew I HAD to have it . Took me about 20 years to find it , in this album . If you really like good music , with tight harmonies , good guitar work , words you can understand , a little bit of country and early rock to the still bitchin , fresh , updated sound of nightingale , then STOP RIGHT HERE and get this album . Enough said !
 I ordered this remastered Everly Brothers collection and have not been disappointed at all . It plays daily in my Bose system and I love hearing the quality of the Everly Brothers songs . Thank you Amazon !
 These brothers were early rock favorites of the teenage crowd - a kinder , gentler time . Most teens today would consider them boring , but their messages are still relevent , just to a younger group . I still love their music , and you can actually understand every word they say . Very catchy tunes , and even my granddaughters will play their cds occasionally -LRB- they 're early twenties -RRB- . I recommend this cd because it has all their best songs on it .
 Some of the Worlds Best Harmony is recorded on this collection . The `` Everly Brothers '' have been studied by many a Great Artist , and when you listen to this collection you will understand why ! The historical information that follows some of their career choices is very interesting also . I had the distinct pleasure of following Don and Phil through Marine Corps boot camp in San Diego , California . You will enjoy the musical pleasure from this Duo for along time . Turn it on , set back , close your eyes and let your mind travel back to the day.Ron
 Great album ! Has all there most popular songs . . Love it ! ... Seller shipped it super fast and cheap to me in Hawaii . . am stoked !
 Was bought as a Christmas gift for my husband and he has thoroughly enjoyed it .
 This CD truly is a must have , if you are just starting or have an advanced calypso collection , you will whole heartedly appreciate this album . This CD includes hits like The Hammer , Calypso Music , Rally Round The West Indies , Bahai Woman and lots more . Two thumbs up on this one . Anyone longing to be back to the Caribbean will surely relate to Song For A Lonely Soul ... . you 'd feel the sun .
 Franz von Suppe -LRB- German form of Francesco Ezechiele Ermenegildo Cavaliere Suppe-Demelli , which I like better -RRB- is known for his ballet music , but the CD series 1-6 contains even more wonderful music . All his music is very conducive to movement , whether ballet or other calisthenics -LRB- beauty and strength -RRB- . Enjoyable when sitting still , too ! He is a relative of Donizetti , so he had great musical examples to help him along -LRB- probably good genetics , too -RRB- .
 This album is just so great that it 's a crime that so few people know about it . Sometimes just gorgeous and sometimes really crunching cathartic stuff , all combined with the kind of odd murky and haunting sonic atmosphere that you expect from 3MP . This was album was clearly a slapped-together job , comprising of new material plus B sides and outtakes etc over a period of years . And yet the material outdistances anything else they 've done . The bass work in particular is phenomenal -- he plays it like a lead guitar . Also , if you 're a fan of Pinback then you really should own this . One caveat
 This is a great collection of work from 3MP , one of my favorite bands from my home town . If you like this , try to get your hands on Pitchfork.It reminds me of how music used to be in SD back in the day , before San Diego became `` the next Seattle '' and small bands started showing up on MTV.This reminds me of nights at the Che ' Cafe , hearing local musicians and out of towners coming through , sitting on the patio outside on warm San Diego evenings , talking to people about all the consipiraces against the local music scene and which venues were being shut down and which venues were selling out and jacking up prices to get in and which bands were getting discovered.Basically , not only is it great music , it 's a historical and nostalgic collection of music , just like the title indicates .
 Let me tell you I followed Randy Coven all over Long Island in the early 80 's . Brokerage , my fathers place . At my fathers place I told him how much I love his music . He was so happy . He kissed me goodbye . This album . Is one of the very few real rock n roll , unbelieveable you ca n't imagine cd 's . If you know your music and your players you will know that randy is the best bass player to live . If he stayed he would of really made it . Normally a bass player hangs mellow in the background . Not randy , he is the front man . energy so much energy . Hey he plays with a wammy bar on his bass . I love this cd
 I LOVE this CD ! I listen to it whenever I 'm on the can . It helps me do my thing .
 I was personally there at the Live taping of the concert and the video is just as spectacular as the taping , especially when they showed the part where he sang , `` Woke up in New York City '' . You could n't see the effect until you saw the Special on TV or the video . This is definitely a Ricky Martin Fan must have item .
 If you 're as unfortunate as I am to not have seen Ricky Martin live in concert before your own eyes , then this is the next best thing ! It really shows how talented Ricky is , to all you non-believers
 I just want to say that the dvd I watched was incredible . i mean it is kind of impossible to use an adjective to describe how fantastiv it was to me.The quality was perfect -LRB- Audio/Video -RRB- . But really short I expected more time . But well the real perfume comes in small bottles ! so to sum it up if you are a real fan you must get it now . by watching it you will dance , sing and feel as if you were in the best seat in front of the concert ! , yeah , believe i am the biggest fan of ricky in lima , peru i have all the three dvd 's of ricky martin `` the ricky martin video collection '' , `` one night only '' , and ... `` it 's a crazy life '' all these videos were bought from amazon .
 I received this video as a gift but I had wanted it for a long time . I purchased his video collection and that was great . This video shows how good he is in concert and just how cute he really is ! His performance is great and it shows how great his stage presence is . I only wish I could have been there in person . The behind-the-scenes footage and where he personally talks is also great to see ! Buy this if you really love Ricky Martin !
 Recently I 've got three music DVDs of Mariah Carey / # 1 's , George Michael/Greatest Hits Collection and this , which definitely IS the best . The show was so well prepared and exciting that I could watch this three times a day . I can say I was totally mesmerized by the Latin pop . Ricky did a great performance with his unique and wonderful dancing and of course his lovely BIG smile . The special minutes with Jose Feliciano and Santana was a sweet moment also . His explanation about his country and earlier career with rare footage was impressive . I think this must be even better than the previously released DVD -LRB- `` Video Collection '' -RRB- . The video/audio quality is great . One disappointment is that the running time is too short -LRB- only 45min -RRB- . So I want more of Ricky Martin . Ricky , I want your concerts in Korea !
 Wow the whole show was entertaining . It felt like you were in heaven just dancing to the beats along with Ricky , the dancers and the band . The whole concert was great and really entertaining , it felt so much like Carnivale .
 Despite the thousands attending the concert Ricky seems to have a personal bond with each person in the audience . That comes through on the video also . You feel like you are seated in the best seat watching this spectacular show . And spectacular it is ! With bungee jumpers , fabulous dancers and backup singers and unbelievable musicians Ricky puts out a first class production
 For all you Ricky Martin fans , this is the best recorded concert I have seen ! It does n't make you feel bored , not even once !! Ricky dances and sings like a god ! Before he starts singing a song he 'll talk to the audience about it or make a comment on something and keep you very interested ! Then , he walks the streets of Old San Juan in Puerto Rico and talks to you about puertorrican culture and our famous `` piraguas '' -LRB- yummy !! -RRB- . He also sings traditional songs from Puerto Rico with children in his lap !! It is the best and to top it off , Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano join him on stage ! = -RRB-
 IT WAS EXCELLENT . VERY HOT ! HOT ! HOT ! IT BROUGHT BACK MANY MEMORIES OF THE CONCERT I SAW IN NOVEMBER ' 99 .
 Yes believe me ! , who 's talking is the biggest fan of Ricky Martn in Lima Peru . this video will take you to the best seat in the concert and you 'll have the of Ricky in front of you !
 It brings back great memories of his concert , and is just like being there . It is also a GREAT work out tape . It gives you lots of energy ! I watch it everyday ! Love this video .
 A great DVD of a great singer . A must to every real fan around the world , especially the part with Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano - 3 great performers , different ages but so perfect together . AMAZING !
 I had the honor of being there and it was the happiest day of my life !! The video is beautiful and it expresses everything he wanted to say about himself and our beautiful island ! Lucy
 What a fantastic performer - a great singer , dancer , and easy on the eyes ... this is one DVD you will enjoy watching over and over again .
 I 've owned this DVD -LRB- and video ! -RRB- for over a year and I still never get tired of it . Not only that , put this one one when you 're tired and I promise you a quick surge of enegy . You may even shake your bon-bon ! I think this is one of the best TV specials I 've ever seen and it gives only a taste of what Ricky is like in concert . -LRB- In his live performances , the enthusiastic sound of his audience is also uplifting . -RRB- The DVD has the addition of Ricky 's video `` Shake Your Bon Bon '' which is really nice . Buy this , but be warned
 I love this DVD . I lost my first one and then I bought it twice , one for me and other for a friend.I strongelly recommended
 I remember watching this on TV and taped it them . Somewhere along the way I lost the tape and finally found it on here . It is a FANTASTIC show !!! A must have for anyone ... no caveats , just anyone who likes music !
 Wonderful Concert outdoors in front of twin towersGorgeous dancing by Ricky & dancers WOO HOOReally enertaining ! Wonderful sound & singingBeautiful Ricky Martin keepsake
 What can I say ? Wow ... this DVD is stunning ! I picked this up at the video store because I like Ricky 's music . Being a video freak I then started to take it back because I later discovered that it 's not widescreen . I 'm really glad that I did n't . I saw this live on my old television set , but since my new HDTV and 5.1 Surround Sound purchase , I wanted to view it on DVD . The quality of the video and audio is outstanding , and it really gives you the feeling that you are on the front row of a live concert in New York City.The background for this concert is the New York City Skyline with the Twin Towers in all their glory . Time of day changes with the beginning songs in full daylight and continuing as the sun sets and the skyline becomes beautifully lighted . There 's a couple of songs with legends Jose ' Feliciano and Carlos Santana and Ricky sings all of his upbeat easy to dance to latin hits . But my personal favorite is his love ballad , `` She 's all I Ever Had '' . It ends up with a fireworks display out in the harbor but the real fireworks happen on stage . He 's one of very few singers who can actually dance as well as sing . And even though my last name is Martin , I 'm not related to Ricky in any way -LRB- wish I were -RRB- . So if you like his music buy this one . You wo n't regret it .
 Originally I had seen this on TV . I now own the DVD . It is about 45 minutes long and it is very lively . Let 's face it , Ricky Martin is not the best singer out there but he is the most entertaining dancer I have ever seen.I absolutely love this DVD . It is also sort of nice that it is less than one hour . I can always manage to squeeze in an hour of viewing just about any time of the week .
 Ricky Martin is the best do n't ... Ricky has a great voice and his songs are very well written . And he 's very handsome too !
 Despite her reputation I 've been disappointed with some of the -LRB- very few -RRB- commercial recordings of Ginette Neveu . Her Strauss Sonata is laid-back and languid to a fault -LRB- Ginette Neveu -RRB- , her Sibelius so broad that it trudges without any sense of forward momentum -LRB- Brahms , Sibelius
 I had the good fortune of catching Fred live last night at a small blues club -LRB- a small room and bar at the back of a ` Pub ' -RRB- close to where I live . A good friend of mine has a copy of this CD from when he toured the UK two years ago , but had ` nt had a chance to listern to it . It was by his recommendation that I went to check him out . His rhythmn section consisted of two of the UK 's best blues session men in Sam Kelly on drums - voted best blues drummer for the past couple of years and Dave Clarke on bass - who is by birth American but now resides in the UK . Fred himself is an excellent guitarist and singer -LRB- voice very similar to Johnny Winter - see below later -RRB- As a ` unit ' these guys really kicked up a storm . All but one of the songs on this CD have been written by Fred/ANother several of which most blues fans would or should recognise . First up is ` Everbody 's Gettin ' Them Some ' which was recorded shortly before Junior Wells died by Junior and Bonnie Raitt . The second one is the title track ` Life Is Hard ' which was recorded by Johnny Winter . The other thing to note about this CD is that Fred did a multi tasking job of playing all the instruments himself and a fine job he 's done to . The Gig itself was sheer magic , one of the best I 've attended in a long while so it goes without saying I bought a copy of this CD at the Gig , and got it signed by Fred -LRB- sorry Amazon you could n't provide that so missed out on that one -RRB- If he 's ever in your neck of the woods then I would thoroughly recommend you go and see him - if not buy this CD I 'll guarantee you wo ` nt be dissappointed .
 I knew Fred a long time ago , and made his first demo tapes in Nashville . Still have them . He was a remarkably talented guy in the '70s and he 's even better now . Sharp , tight , focused , precise . Funny haircut , though .
 This is a superb album with some brilliantly written songs that I find very easy to relate to . Raymond always writes songs from the heart and if more people knew about him they would love his music . Okay they might be quite simple songs but they all have something to say and although Country and Western is not really my thing , this to me is different and I do n't see it as Country.I have grown up listening to Raymond Froggratt and there are some songs on this album I find hard to listen to , as they can be a bit cheesey but songs like ` everybody is losing ' and ` you sing so blue ' are beautiful songs which say a lot . Definately worth listening to if you like songs with good lyrics that come straight from the heart .
 Did n't really listen to this CD ... BUT I did see them live recently . So ... if the recorded versions of what I heard can compare to the live ... dead on . Did n't get everyone 's name but the girl can play the jazz sounds on her keyboard . Jazz ??? Yes it was a mixed bag of sounds . Lightening speed on the fiddle , a beautiful duet with 2 of the brothers of violin , just vocals w/acustic guitar . And to top it off ... they can move the feet , too .
 I 've been a big fan of Leahy since they 're self-titled debut album . Their third CD , `` In All Things , '' is yet another set of quality songs with a couple of not as good ones here and there . They do seem to have moved away a little from their Celtic music roots , though , which is a shame . There are a couple of pieces that remind me of the old days -LRB- `` Little Ditty '' being the best at that -RRB- , but they make me miss the old days all the more.In my review of `` Lakefield , '' I said that I did n't really care for the singers ' voices -LRB- and I was roundly questioned about that by other reviewers -RRB- . I do have to say that I liked them much better this time around , though I do still prefer the instrumentals . The CD is split 60-40 between instrumentals and vocals , which is a pretty good mix . Sadly , while there is a very good vocal song -LRB- the very fast-paced `` Coyote Way '' -RRB- , the others are fairly unmemorable . One song is mostly instrumental but has the haunting voice that chimes in at various times -LRB- `` I Want You to Know '' -RRB- . The instrumental part is very good , with a nice soft fiddle that plays a quiet but mildly upbeat rhythm . While I found the lyrics to be pretty innocuous , the quality of the voice was very striking , adding much to the mood of the song.The aforementioned `` Coyote Way '' will have you stomping your feet and nodding your head with some fun lyrics and a fiddle that will keep the heart racing . The CD opens with `` Chasing Rain , '' which also has some great fiddle work and other toe-tapping beats . In fact , I have to say Donnell Leahy is probably one of the best fiddlers I 've heard , as he is able to either keep the beat going or create some nice introspection , depending on the mood of the song.I have to give Leahy credit for broadening their horizons . They do a nice mix of genres , some more successfully than others . I still prefer the Celtic ones to the others , though the others do show strength . Still , there is n't a bad song on the CD , just some that are not as good as others . My only other complaint about the CD is that it 's too short , but that 's a problem with all of their CDs -LRB- and too many other CDs in general -RRB- . Give me at least 55 minutes of music , please , with over an hour being even better.Lastly , one thing I miss -LRB- and it 's not really a strike against this CD , but a desire to see/hear more of -RRB- is that there is no step-dancing on this CD ! The step-dancing tracks were the best one on both `` Leahy '' and `` Lakefield , '' and I was sorry to see there was n't one on this one . There is enough other good stuff on `` In All Things , '' however , that it 's not a major hole . Just a minor one.David Roy
 Once again , the Canadian supergroup Leahy expands and redefines their `` genre '' . From good old traditional reels and jigs on several of the tracks to the ethereal vocals and musical experimentation -LRB- fiddles without bows , anyone ? -RRB- on `` In High Places '' , this CD is a fantastic followup to their previous release `` Lakefield '' and it 's the next best thing to seeing them live in concert !! You 'll have trouble keeping your feet still while listening !! My only suggestion would be to give vocal credits in the CD booklet so we know who is singing lead on which tune . Just an idea !!
 This third release from Leahy is their second best . This amazing family is made up of championship fiddlers , dancers and other musicians . One thing they are really not famous for is singing . There is some singing on this album and it is much better quality than on Lakefield.If you have heard their first album and liked it , you will also like this one . Many traditional tracks are mixed with a few newer pieces . One even has a nice Country Western feel to it . But my favorites are the three medleys if I had to choose.This is a very strong effort from a very talented group . But if you get the chance to see them in person , take it as they five times better in real life -LRB- amazing , I know ! -RRB- .
 Leahy is unlike any other Celtic band because of their amazing fiddling . Said fiddling is definately the highlight here . The songs seem less than stellar at first , but they actually grow on you after a while . This album is not to be missed , for the fiddling if anything else .
 I 've seen this family in person and each and every one of them is an incredibly talented musician and dancer . They also have some newer age crusty rock thing going on in some of the songs on their CDs and it is a trip . I highly recommend it . And ... if you go to their website , they also offer a music camp each year . Check it out !
 I ordered 3 Leahy and was pleased with all plus delivery time was prompt
 Bright , shining and full of life , these well-crafted songs have both appeal and depth . There 's nothing boring or same-old about Leahy 's music -- it 's original and intricately crafted , making each album worth the wait . Standout songs include the intense `` Chasing Rain , '' the fiddle-bending `` Little Ditty , '' the mysterious `` High Places , '' and `` Coyote Way , '' a appealing homage to the innocence and purity of the wilderness . Four of the selections have vocals ; the rest are instrumentals . Liner notes are sketchy , but the number of brothers and sisters performing in the group seems to be down to eight now -LRB- four of each -RRB- , and a brightly picked mandolin has found its way into the instrumental orchestrations , to great effect . Try Leahy 's other albums
 Bright , shining and full of life , these well-crafted songs have both appeal and depth . There 's nothing boring or same-old about Leahy 's music -- it 's original and intricately crafted , making each album worth the wait . Standout songs include the intense `` Chasing Rain , '' the fiddle-bending `` Little Ditty , '' the mysterious `` High Places , '' and `` Coyote Way , '' a appealing homage to the innocence and purity of the wilderness . Four of the selections have vocals ; the rest are instrumentals . Liner notes are sketchy , but the number of brothers and sisters performing in the group seems to be down to eight now -LRB- four of each -RRB- , and a brightly picked mandolin has found its way into the instrumental orchestrations , to great effect . Try Leahy 's other albums
 When I was vacationing in New Jersey at the home of a dear friend of mine over the summer of 2004 , I was most unpleasent experience had left me hurting.At night we 'd stretch out in her living room and she 'd put this CD on . The music had an immedate effect on me . I ended up falling asleep too it . The first song that ever had that effect on me and not have me feel foolish for being lulled to sleep like an infant.I 'd have to say that `` High Places '' and `` Runaway '' are both excellent songs . I still find myself humming them both as I go about my day . Truly I miss New Jersey but these songs help to keep the longing for that slice of Heaven at bay.The instramentals are wonderful . When you close your eyes you actually feel like your wondering through the Anglo-Celtic Isles taking in the scenery.I really ca n't recommend this CD more highly if your looking for something soft and soothing without that annoying sugar coated manufactured happiness -LRB- TM -RRB- that most Pop Artist put out these days.Unlike the manufactered happiness -LRB- TM -RRB- this music touches a deeper cord along the lines of nature , spirit and hope . I 'd almost go so far as to call it Religious and Transcendental .
 We know Vaughan Williams for his film score to `` Scott of the Antarctic '' which became his 7th symphony . In Vaughan Williams , we had a great maker of film music . He scored 11 films - sometimes with the helping hand of Muir Mathieson , among others . I wonder how some classic sci-fi movies from the 1960 's to present-day would have sounded like under his gifted musical direction ... An interesting thing to mention is the admiration Bernard Herrmann , `` one of the most influential film composers of all time , '' had for British composers like Elgar and Vaughan Williams , among others . In regards to film music , i do n't know if one had an influence on the other , but it is quite significant that Herrmann enjoyed the music of Vaughan Williams
 My son is two years old , and He loves this dvd . He requests it by name , and I always sit and watch it with him . He loves Elmo , the firefighters , and even the `` fillers '' that other reviewers are n't too pleased with.This dvd is for the entire family -- we can all learn something here.While some reviewers think that 2 yrs . old is far too young , I disagree . With repeat viewings , and there have been many of them , my son , realizes that with fire comes the fire fighters who will keep us all safe , warm , and fuzzy -- Sort of like Elmo.Elmo is very scared after the grease fire at Hooper 's store . His raw emotion of fear truly chokes me up . Never before has a muppet had such an impact on me or my son . Frankie , my son , always points out to me , `` he 's scared '' . So , not only is he learning fire safety , but he learning emotion and how to figure out how someone is feeling.Then after Firefighter Bill takes Elmo around the firehouse , Frankie is relieved to see Elmo back to his usual cute self , playing with the firetrucks like any other kid.NYFD does an outstanding job helping Sesame Street viewers and residents how to handle the situation should a fire happen . They were very reassuring and were genuinely concerned about Elmo.I think this is a perfect addition to fans of Elmo , and fans of Fightfighters . There is a sequence of `` elmo 's World '' , some other little cartoons and a video with the 3 little pigs and the big bad wolf called , `` get out stay out do n't you go back in ! '' and little ones get their turn to show us what firefighters wear and how they feel about them . Mr. Noodles sister comes for a silly visit and figures out what the fighter of the flames must wear to be safe . Also , a beautiful girl and close friend of Elmo 's , Sabrina , shows us all her family 's plan in case of fire.My son adores the whole dvd , even the silly Baby bear `` hero Guy '' that the movie ends with .
 This video is very educational . It does start off with a smoke fire in which Elmo gets very scared and begins to shake . This can be scary for a child and I would recommend watching it with your child . -LRB- My son is 19 months old and did not find it scary , but he is still very young -RRB- It is very realistic and shows children what it would be like if there was ever a fire . It is wonderful and teaches childrn all about firemen and the firehouse and what to do in case of a fire . There are cute songs that teach fire safety , like `` Get out , stay out , do n't you go back in '' . Another excellent lesson is that children should not hide from the firemen . In the event of a real fire a child will be terrified and may mistake the fireman for a monster . This movie explains that firemen are there to help and not to be affraid of them.I do n't agree that it should only be shown to children over 3 or 4 , because you can not guarantee your children will not experience a fire before that time . Heaven forbid there is a fire and they are not prepared . Although this movie is a little scary , I think it is definitely worth watching with your child . I think ever house should have a fire plan and discuss fire safety , and this movie helps bring the topic to a toddler 's level . After all , the more prepared you are for a fire , the better chance of getting out alive .
 My kids age 2 and 5 love this video . They both want to practice fire safety now and are much less scared . It is a good platform to jumpstart a very important topic .
 My daughter watches this daily and loves it just as much every time . I enjoy it alot as well . If you have an Elmo fan in your world , this comes with the most recommendations !!!!!!!
 I have a 22 month old son who LOVES this DVD . He is really into trucks , fire engines , and ambulances . Basically , any vehicle that makes noises . He begs for me to put this in every day . He was not afraid at all in the beginning when Elmo shakes . They do show Elmo very afraid , but the adults in the DVD really do everything to make him feel better and let him explain his feelings . There are catchy songs and good fire safety information . You should preview this DVD and judge for yourself if your child is to sensitive for the part where Elmo shakes in the beginning . If you feel that part is to scary for your child then skip to the next chapter of the DVD . It 's a small part of the DVD and the rest of the DVD has so much educational material . I highly recommend this DVD .
 I 'll admit I almost did n't buy this for my then 2 year old son because of some of the comments about Elmo being too scared . I 'm so glad I did n't listen and bought it anyway ! My husband is a firefighter and EMT and my son is enchanted with anything firefighters . The video does a great job of teaching children what to do when there is a fire without being too preachy . Yes , Elmo is scared at the beginning -- he was in a very scary situation , but the adults and firefighters are there to make him feel better and by the end he is the happy Elmo we all know . I watched it with my son the first time , and he was not scared at all . He is almost 4 now and this is still one of his favorite DVD 's . The lessons are timeless and the video does a great job of showing the kids all about firefighters and how to stay safe when there is a fire . My husband uses clips of it when he goes into schools during Fire Prevention Week . I am a teacher , but I teach Middle School , so this video is not appropriate . However , if I taught younger kids I would definately use it .
 My 2 year old is obsessed with firetrucks and he begs to watch this video everyday . No really , EVERYDAY . I watched it with him the first time to see what the FRIGHTENED ELMO deal was about and could n't believe how much people overreacted . Elmo appears scared & timid but definitely not traumatized ! My son was n't frightened in the least bit and it 's good that he learns fires are scary . I 'm not trying to raise a sissy .
 My daughter who is a huge Elmo fan enjoyed this DVD . She was very sympathetic when Elmo was afraid , but now points out every fire truck , tells me why the firefighters wear their boots , hat and jacket , and can stop , duck and go .
 Most of all Elmo World DVD has been a blessing from my child because it teaching them how to socialize with others .
 This my second copy ... the first was worn out by my two boys ! They loved it so much that I had to buy a new one .
 When my granddaughter was small , she loved this video and squealed with delight when the fire truck drove out of the Fire House . Alas , she grew up . My grandson is now 2 , and I may have bought this prematurely for him . He loves Elmo , so I know he will eventually get into this video . Video also includes some good information as to how to act if there is a fire in your home . Very instructive for small children .
 I was very satisfied with this product , it came very quickly and was a new product . Made a little girl very happy .
 My 2 year-old grandson loves fire trucks and stations so of course this Elmo video is a giant hit with him . I like the fact that they take the time to teach Elmo that he should not be afraid of what happened in Hooper 's store . Showing him the fire station and the fire uniform is very informative .
 My toddler watched this video every night for months , it was his favorite ! A lifesaver on long trips and flights . Highly recommend !
 My husband is a fire fighter and my 2 year old LOVES this dvd . My husband likes it too ! Elmo takes a tour of a real fire station and plenty of other Sesame Street fun . If your toddler loves fire trucks and fire fighters he/she will love this .
 My 4 yr . old loves anything to do with firetrucks or firemen , so I had to buy this DVD . Oh , and of course , he loves Elmo , too . It is a little scary whenever there is a fire in Sesame Street , but he learns that as long as you do what you need to do , you 'll be fine . I think every child needs to learn what to do if there is a fire , and it 's a fun , yet educational DVD .
 My 2.5-yr-old and I both enjoy this . It 's a good mix between fun and giving my son important information . That information is a good balance between the scariness of fire and the ways to keep yourself safe .
 Great condition and in time for Christmas . Looked everywhere for this and found in here . No stores had it !
 Product arrived promptly and in the condition described . would recommend this buyer to others and would use again .
 What is up with some of you people going on about how awful it is that Elmo is scared in this DVD . Yeah , he should be . He is in a restaurant when a FIRE starts . That is the whole idea here . Kids should know FIRES are dangerous . My 3 year old loves firefighters . He has 5 fire trucks , a firefighter outfit , a hose , 3 hats and lots of video/DVDs about firefighters . He is a firefighteroholic but , he also appreciates that FIRE is very dangerous and not something that 's fun and yippee ! On the first viewing of this DVD he turns to me and says , `` Papa , Elmo Scared '' , and I tell him , `` Yes he is son because , he is in a restaurant that has a lot of smoke coming out of the kitchen . And he is not sure what is going on '' . On the arrival of FDNY Elmo , still shaking , is slowly reassured that it is ok to be scared about FIRE and that it is also understandable that the firefighters in all their uniforms can be scary as well . Elmo is then invited back to the firehouse to see what a firefighter does and look at all the gear they need . At the end of the firehouse tour Elmo is no longer scared . So , if you want a good DVD about the dangers of FIRE and what a child should do when a FIRE starts in their presence this is a great DVD to purchase but , if you want your child to live in a dream world where everything is fun and sweet and good enough to eat , stay away from this DVD .
 We checked this dvd out from the library a couple of months before our son 's second birthday , and we knew right away we would have to buy one for our home . He would wake up in the morning and beg , `` Elmo Firetruck House ? '' He learned all about firefighters and firetrucks . We bought him a firetruck and hat for his birthday and he plays with them while watching this dvd . The firefighters in the video are actual firefighters , and they did a great job of teaching what to do in a fire . We all love this one !
 The initial story segment where Elmo experiences a fire at Mr Hoopers store , is scary , and you should definitely watch it with your child . The rest of the video does a wonderful job of reassuring and teaching your toddler , and my 28 mo old son who is into anything with wheels just loves the video overall . He does get pretty upset when Elmo is scared initially , but since we never let him watch TV alone , this is not a problem for us . Incredibly educational about fire safety , and scary situations in general . I picked it up on tape and regret the necessity for endless rewinds ... So do go for the DVD version .
 All of the Elmo videos are a hit at our house and when I saw this one in the store I knew it would n't be an exception . This video combines two of my three year old daughters great loves Elmo and fire trucks ! A ca n't miss combination . The video starts with a fire at my Mr. Hooppers store . The fire fighters come to put the fire out and everything is fine but the fire makes Elmo sad and worried . I watched this part with my daughter the first few times . She tends to get upset if she sees Elmo upset but she was fine when she got to see that everything turns out okay . To help Elmo conquer his fear the fire fighters invite Elmo to the station to see what they do . The video is packed with great fire safety tips the most important being that if there is a fire your child should not be sacred of the firefighter and should run towards them . It may seem simple advice but it was something I had n't ever thought to talk to my daughter about . This video can spark important fire safety discussions with your child . The video continues with a firefighter episode of Elmo 's world . There is also a segment of Baby Bear 's Hero Guy . The fire fighters used in this video are ones from New York City . I always get a little teary eyed when I see them in this video . I ca n't help but think of September 11th and how three hundred and thirty four fire fighters heroically gave their lives . I find the scene where Elmo asks them if they ever get scared especially poignant . Thankfully my daughter is too young to understand the horror of September 11th and she justs enjoys this videos with the innocence of a child . This is a wonderful video and a great tribute to fire fighters . May god bless and protect the firefighters everywhere .
 My 2-year old grandson is completely mesmerized by this video . He wants to watch it all the time - and asks for it by name.There are so many good lessons to be learned from this production about what to do in case of a fire - and it is directed to the toddler in such a way that not only does it grab his/her attention - but the message that the video intends to convey is done quite well - with subliminal tones.Be prepared for a different format - an actual trip to the firehouse and a sampling of the life of firefighters with on-camera interviews and interactions . I categorize it as being more educational than pure entertainment - but what a lesson it brings to the little ones!I shared this video with the day-care that my grandson attends - and all of the little ones -LRB- toddlers -RRB- were taken with it . The mix of real life and regular Sesame Street life is just right for their level of attention and comprehension.As a grandparent of a young child - I highly recommend it as a holiday stocking stuffer . It is well worth the cost in terms of life lessons and is certainly appropriate in today 's world .
 I enjoy this dvd for several reasons ; real footage of firefighters , firetrucks and firehouses . Children try on fire uniforms , fun cartoons followed by your typical `` Elmo 's World '' with a fire theme . Lots of sirens , blinking lights and information . Yes , in the beginning of the show Elmo does get scared , god forbid he reflect real feelings . Do we need to protect our children THAT much ? I think with Elmo showing he is scared , they are invited to share their scared feelings . Its brief and once Elmo starts meeting more firemen and seeing the firehouse he begins to feel better . It 's a great springboard for talking about other feelings besides happy happy joy joy - AND a great start to talking about serious situations . Just as entertaining as other Elmo videos and quite possibly less annoying , than others , for adults . -LRB- I do n't care for the voice of ` waddle waddle hop hop ' and ` itsy bitsy spider ' -RRB-
 My toddler and kindergarten age sons both love firefighters , and this video helped them learn about fire safety in the happy confines of Elmo 's world . The fire in Hooper 's Store was a tad scarier than I thought it would be , but I think it received the seriousness it deserved . My boys were concerned , but seeing Elmo handle his fears was reassuring . Also , they love to sing the fire safety songs , and know to `` get low and go '' in the event of a fire . We own the video , and I plan to get the DVD as well ; a very worthwhile video .
 This is a very well done educational -LRB- IMHO -RRB- DVD . Elmo DOES become scarted , and your child might be scared a bit while watching it , but fire is scarey and it is n't a bad thing to see Elmo scared . Maria is there with him all along , and mom or dad should be with the child when first viewing this DVD ... we used this as a spring board to talk about good fires -LRB- to cook with , fireplaces etc -RRB- and bad fires . Kids even in day cares have fire drills , so they are n't as sheltered as most parents think when it comes to fire . But , having a plan in YOUR home is something that everyone should TAKE time to make . This DVD helps open the door to conversation , and helps kids not be afraid of the firefighter suits . A good point is made , the firefighter tells Elmo even if the firefighter looks scarey , he is there to help , and if in a fire go to the firefighter not away . I also like the `` get low and go '' tag line it helps us all remember to Get low and Go !
 I have two year old twin girls who are absolutely mesmorized by this film , every day they insist on watching it , and have learned how to handle situations involving a fire without even realizing it . They both claim they want to be fire fighters so they can `` put out the fire in Hooper 's Store '' . I highly reccomend this movie to any parent wanting to teach their child about fire safety .
 My three year old son is not much into TV or videos . However , since he has been going through his firetruck phase I decided to see if he would enjoy this video . He wants to do nothing else but watch this all the time . In the morning he will grab the DVD and put it in the player exclaiming FIRETRUCK ELMO !! He puts on his firehat and plays with his firetruck while watching the video . Absolutely the best . Keeps him entertained the entire show . It also teaches great lessons of to get out of a building when it is on fire and to stay out . It teaches that although firefighters may look scary they are there to help you . It also teaches that firefighters do n't just put out fires but also help the injured and rescue animals . All in all one of the best videos I have purchased .
 We got this DVD for my daughter for Christmas . She loves it - sometimes loses interest in other Sesame Street videos , but she sits through this one over and over and ... We bought her the Fisher Price Little People firetruck and rescue set , and she plays with them while watching the video . She was not frightened by this video in the least and chooses it from her many video options to watch regularly .
 It took a few times watching it for my son to get over Elmo being scared-and a lot of explaining by me . But once that was done he really enjoys all the different fire trucks !! Good video and very information .
 As others have indicated this is a great video , and has very quickly become one of my 20 month old son 's favorites . He loves the fire trucks and the scene with the fireman 's pole . He 's also very concerned when Elmo is scared , but seems immediately reassured when Fireman Bill explains all of his equipment.However the DVD seems to have a very minor incompatibility with my older Sony DVP-S530D DVD player . After hitting play from the main menu we are treated to a blank screen unless we hit fast forward briefly to get it back on track . From then on it 's flawless .
 and i thought the wiggles were the best . NO WAY ! elmo kicks butt ! my 17 month old son can not take his eyes of melmo ... yes , i said melmo . i actually went out and bought an elmo stuffed gund for him . my husband and i can actually sit and eat dinner without interuption . what a God send !
 Having a emergency like a fire is a scarey thing and they need to know.My 4 year old learned so much and now tells me that when there is a fire `` you never go back in the house '' . PRICELESS !! All you complaining & bad rapping this educational movie , GOOD LUCK with any emergencies you may have .
 This is an excellent kid-friendly video to introduce fire safety to your kids . This can be a difficult topic for younger children to understand and this movie does a great job at introducing the topic and reinforcing what you are teaching them . Children under age 5 are twice as likely to die in a fire - so it is crucial that we do all that we can to reinforce the importance of fire safety . This movie is a good one to have in your bag of resources . My almost 4 daughter watches this movie again and again !
 my 22 month old son is somewhat interested in Elmo 's World on Sesame Street , but he was riveted to this entire DVD about Firehouses . I do n't know if he grasped all the concepts yet , but it 's a decent DVD with solid safety concepts in it about fires & firefighters .
 My daughter absolutely loves this DVD . Her father is a firefighter and I think it helps her understand things a little easier . She understands taht Elmo gets nervous and upset , but in the end always comments that he is `` better now '' . She requests this specific DVD daily !
 is that this is the first new episode of Sesame Street aired after 9/11 . EVERYBODY was extremely scared , confused , and emotional for months after that . This was Sesame Street 's answer to how we talk to our kids about the scary things that happen in the world . I think it is great that it shows that it 's okay for Elmo to be afraid , but educating yourself on safety procedures helps ease the fear .
 What can you say -- awesome dvd ! My little 2 yr old watches this everyday !!! Would highly recommend !
 my family and i have watched this video a dozen of times alredy !!! it 's super fun !
 Not sure why another reviewer only gave this 1 star ! Both my 2-year old and 3-year old love this DVD . It 's a great way to teach little Elmo Lovers about fire safety and to help them become LESS fearful . Yes , it does show Elmo afraid because a fire in Hooper 's store -LRB- all they show is smoke coming from the back room due to a small grease fire -RRB- . He 's three years old , of course he 's scared ! BUT , that 's the whole point of the DVD . After the fire , Elmo is invited to and visits the fire station where he talks to and learns about fire fighters , gets a tour of the fire station and learns what to do in case of a fire , and by the end of the DVD he 's not scared anymore . It shows that fires do n't need to be a scary thing as long as you know what to do . Has catchy songs that teach fire safety , and Elmo does a great job in showing other children that they do n't need to be afraid if they know what to do . I think it does a GREAT job at teaching little ones fire safety !
 What is better than Firemen and Elmo for a DVD of learning and fun . A big hit with our grandchildren .
 Probably ostaras best release to date . Containing elements of neo folk , goth rock , post punk and and numerous other elements . . ostara stand apart from most neo folk acts in the vocals . . much more poppy and happy sounding . The whole cd has a warm , inviting sound that demand heavy rotation .
 I ` found ' Vanessa-Mae a few years ago . I am so blown away by her unusual talent in classical violin . My all time favorite is Toccata and Fugue . As a classical music lover , this gives me goosebumps . I am wondering why I am not hearing her in this year-2007 . It is as if she made these awesome tracks and then no media news about her . That to me is a shame , for we need more real artists , not these talentless pop stars in rehab ! This CD is a charm , you will love it !
 I found Vanessa-Mae 's music about 15 + years ago as an assignment for a job in a music store and I have been hooked ever since . She is absolutely amazing ! I never really cared for classical before but she lets me enjoy it without being put to sleep . I have been introducing her to friends ever since and as far as I know , no one has been able to walk away from her !
 Who knew you could play the violin like that ? Beautiful music and some very interesting selections and arrangements . Good for parties .
 I only wish she would put out more CDs ... I love the energy that is throughout the whole album and I can visualize her performing the music . I am very happy I bought her album .
 Vanessa-Mae is a talented musician . The songs are varied going from classical to popular to standards . It 's very enjoyable .
 While there are some pieces on this 2003 album I did n't care for too much , I feel that there are also some excellent works too . In my opinion , Picante , Leyenda , Widescreen and Night Flight are the best works on this album and I really enjoy listening to them .
 Vanessa-Mae is an amazing talent . This young woman is beautiful as well ! She gives an energetic pulse to her violin playing ! I never tire of hearing her enthusiastic version of ` Cotton-Eyed Joe ' or the ` Can Can ' . Will have you rethink the definition of ` classical ' music ... a definite must-hear !!! As I do n't see her scheduling any tours in the Sac area , I will probably purchase her concerts on DVD , next .
 My daughter loves the Vanessa Mae CD which I purchased . We plan to buy more Vanessa Mae music in the future .
 she is an Excelent and great violin player , her music is unique , if you love instrumental music , you ca n't miss it .
 This video was totally AWESOME . The tape ran perfectly , and the case - while a little worn - was in better condition than I would have expected for a used product , and as a huge Nelson fan I loved watching the feature .
 This was an Akira Kurosawa screenplay that was filmed by another director after the late director 's passing.Brilliant film , even though he did n't direct it.It is a must see if you are a Kurosawa fan . It is a calm and contemplative film , full of insight about life . Your life will be enriched after seeing this film , and it may give you a whole new pespective on life.It 's simple plot with themes of honesty and kindness delivers a powerful experience - when you see it you will want to recommend it to everyone you know.It really is THAT GOOD !!!!
 I 'd never heard of Truscott , but this CD has won me over . The symphony is daring , inventive and uncompromisingly intellectual . However , what is truly astonishing is the Elegy ; the CD is worth buying just for this track . I found the Elegy more powerful and more affecting than the Barber Adagio , if we 're to use yardsticks . Unsuspecting visitors to my flat are subjected to it without exception -- so far , I 've had 100 % approval !
 A brooding work of great intensity which unbelievably is not well known.I 've not come across it anywhere apart from this recording.It 's well played too .
 I purchased this CD after hearing an online recording of Harold Truscott 's `` Elegy '' for string orchestra . The disc is enjoyable and the performances completely satisfactory . I especially found the `` Elegy '' satisfying -- no surprise . The other pieces , while pleasant , did not grab me , but I 've only heard them once . Perhaps further listening will deepen their appeal.It 's nice to hear some different early 20th century symphonic music , and Gary Brain should be commended for making Mr. Truscott 's music available to the public . The `` Elegy '' should be more widely known -- it really is quite moving . If you enjoy early 20th century English orchestral music , you should enjoy this disc .
 This CD is beautiful . I did n't read closely enough to know that it 's all instrumental . But there is no better trupmet player than Phil Driscoll ! I love his music . It 's very inspirational music . We do n't hear enough of the great hymns in church anymore so I really enjoy this music !
 Received this CD very quickly , excellent condition . Would highly recommend the CD , seller was extremely prompt in sending the CD . 5 stars !
 This album is briliant , ok dolores can not dance , who 's care ???? If the Cranberries once sounded as if they were sleepwalkers in a world gone weird , TO THE FAITHFUL DEPARTED sounds as if they 've finally awakened . The may not like what they see , but at least they 're ready and willing to scream about it . ''
 Let musicians experiment , please !!! Just because an album does n't sound familiar or what YOU expected it to sound like , does n't mean it 's bad . Departed does have a different flair then the previous two albums & in many cases it still works well for them . Seeing this tour was a definite hype with all the rock tracks added to the song sets . It may not be traditional Cranberries , but it is still good . Hey , if we can forgive U2 for POP -LRB- I think POP was a great album by the way -RRB- , we can chill out on the Cranberries . Great bands are allowed experimentations , or at least they should be . But then you 're ... Free To Decide .
 Good guitar music . Interesting when you listen to it thoroughly , and not offending if you have it just as a background when driving your car . Good sound . Good balance of being a bit `` poppy '' and of solid rock , maybe less experimental than that on previous records . With Dolores 's voice ruling the sound , with her voice strong , soothing , breaking , vulnerable , frustrated , but also self-conscious , and time-to-time , even happy.The words harmonize with the tunes perfectly . You 'll learn there are wars in the world ... in Russia , in Bosnia . You 'll hear a reflection of meeting a homeless in New York who was wounded in Vietnam . You 'll see it was because of someone 's political pride , because of territorial greed . From NY , another sickening experience is communicated , depicting the killer of John Lennon . You can share the worries of parents whose kids are on heroin . The group has depicted the frustration of the world around them . They admit that when they were teenage hairy rebels with black nails , they did not , however , fight too much - but they ask whether they are any better now as more mature -LRB- self-reflection is always what I value -RRB- . There are some pieces from private life -LRB- loneliness being the major theme -RRB- , emancipation -LRB- `` I 'm Free to Decide '' -RRB- , and also , belief in God . Not extremely crude , rather elegant and intelligent , yet still authentic . If I omit that the many times noted Bosnian capital Sarajevo is always misspelt -LRB- as Sarejevo -RRB- , one would say , credible . Interestingly , in the end of the original record , i.e. in `` Bosnia , '' Rubinstein ' s classical lullaby is used.An impressive arrangement strikes you in the opener , `` Hollywood , '' with the distorted guitar tones . A handful of then popular radio hits appear on the disc , the major of all being the slow-pacing `` When You 're Gone '' -LRB- the others are e.g. `` Salvation '' and `` I 'm Free to Decide '' -RRB- . To me , especially track 6 -LRB- `` Forever Yellow Skies '' -RRB- is delightful -LRB- and pretty fast , too -RRB- . It presents a fantastic rhythm section -LRB- base / drums -RRB- , and a surprinsingly very much U2-like rhythm-guitar playing . The 5 bonus tracks are fine - not mere appendices for collectors having little to do with the content of the original recording . Although they represent divergent genres -LRB- including Dolores 's live duet with Pavarotti on Schubert 's Ave Maria and the nicely-cut cover version of Fleetwood Mac 's major hit `` Go Your Own Way '' -RRB- , they fit quite well into the new release . The concluding number takes advantage of some Irish folk ingredients -LRB- e.g. a nice fiddle -RRB- . So I conclude with the Cranberries , `` God Be With You -LRB- ... Ireland '' -RRB- -LRB- knowing `` it 's not Hollywood , '' as they claim in the opener -RRB- . The Cranberries have faithfully depicted the postmodern world -LRB- including their Ireland -RRB- of the 1990 's , in their own and very special way . I appreciate having bought this extended release -LRB- 72:31 min -RRB- . Five stars fit .
 Delores is amazing.If you are a Cranberries fan this is a must have .
 The additional songs are n't that great , so if you already have the original album , it 's not much worth buying this CD solely for the bonus tracks . The original album is one of the better Cranberries albums , but all Cranberries CDs are great , and that includes this one , a must have to complete your Cranberries collection .
 I really like this music . Here Bartok explores music of the XVII century -LRB- mostly -RRB- , music that became part of his own muscial languaje , the modal approach . Prunyi touch sounds deep and balance . Possibly the sound of the recording is not the best but for me is music what matters . The price is really affordable .
 It brings back great memories of his concert , and is just like being there . It is also a GREAT work out tape . It gives you lots of energy ! I watch it everyday ! Love this video .
 A great DVD of a great singer . A must to every real fan around the world , especially the part with Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano - 3 great performers , different ages but so perfect together . AMAZING !
 I had the honor of being there and it was the happiest day of my life !! The video is beautiful and it expresses everything he wanted to say about himself and our beautiful island ! Lucy
 What a fantastic performer - a great singer , dancer , and easy on the eyes ... this is one DVD you will enjoy watching over and over again .
 I 've owned this DVD -LRB- and video ! -RRB- for over a year and I still never get tired of it . Not only that , put this one one when you 're tired and I promise you a quick surge of enegy . You may even shake your bon-bon ! I think this is one of the best TV specials I 've ever seen and it gives only a taste of what Ricky is like in concert . -LRB- In his live performances , the enthusiastic sound of his audience is also uplifting . -RRB- The DVD has the addition of Ricky 's video `` Shake Your Bon Bon '' which is really nice . Buy this , but be warned
 I love this DVD . I lost my first one and then I bought it twice , one for me and other for a friend.I strongelly recommended
 I remember watching this on TV and taped it them . Somewhere along the way I lost the tape and finally found it on here . It is a FANTASTIC show !!! A must have for anyone ... no caveats , just anyone who likes music !
 Wonderful Concert outdoors in front of twin towersGorgeous dancing by Ricky & dancers WOO HOOReally enertaining ! Wonderful sound & singingBeautiful Ricky Martin keepsake
 What can I say ? Wow ... this DVD is stunning ! I picked this up at the video store because I like Ricky 's music . Being a video freak I then started to take it back because I later discovered that it 's not widescreen . I 'm really glad that I did n't . I saw this live on my old television set , but since my new HDTV and 5.1 Surround Sound purchase , I wanted to view it on DVD . The quality of the video and audio is outstanding , and it really gives you the feeling that you are on the front row of a live concert in New York City.The background for this concert is the New York City Skyline with the Twin Towers in all their glory . Time of day changes with the beginning songs in full daylight and continuing as the sun sets and the skyline becomes beautifully lighted . There 's a couple of songs with legends Jose ' Feliciano and Carlos Santana and Ricky sings all of his upbeat easy to dance to latin hits . But my personal favorite is his love ballad , `` She 's all I Ever Had '' . It ends up with a fireworks display out in the harbor but the real fireworks happen on stage . He 's one of very few singers who can actually dance as well as sing . And even though my last name is Martin , I 'm not related to Ricky in any way -LRB- wish I were -RRB- . So if you like his music buy this one . You wo n't regret it .
 Originally I had seen this on TV . I now own the DVD . It is about 45 minutes long and it is very lively . Let 's face it , Ricky Martin is not the best singer out there but he is the most entertaining dancer I have ever seen.I absolutely love this DVD . It is also sort of nice that it is less than one hour . I can always manage to squeeze in an hour of viewing just about any time of the week .
 Ricky Martin is the best do n't ... Ricky has a great voice and his songs are very well written . And he 's very handsome too !
 I was personally there at the Live taping of the concert and the video is just as spectacular as the taping , especially when they showed the part where he sang , `` Woke up in New York City '' . You could n't see the effect until you saw the Special on TV or the video . This is definitely a Ricky Martin Fan must have item .
 If you 're as unfortunate as I am to not have seen Ricky Martin live in concert before your own eyes , then this is the next best thing ! It really shows how talented Ricky is , to all you non-believers
 I just want to say that the dvd I watched was incredible . i mean it is kind of impossible to use an adjective to describe how fantastiv it was to me.The quality was perfect -LRB- Audio/Video -RRB- . But really short I expected more time . But well the real perfume comes in small bottles ! so to sum it up if you are a real fan you must get it now . by watching it you will dance , sing and feel as if you were in the best seat in front of the concert ! , yeah , believe i am the biggest fan of ricky in lima , peru i have all the three dvd 's of ricky martin `` the ricky martin video collection '' , `` one night only '' , and ... `` it 's a crazy life '' all these videos were bought from amazon .
 I received this video as a gift but I had wanted it for a long time . I purchased his video collection and that was great . This video shows how good he is in concert and just how cute he really is ! His performance is great and it shows how great his stage presence is . I only wish I could have been there in person . The behind-the-scenes footage and where he personally talks is also great to see ! Buy this if you really love Ricky Martin !
 Recently I 've got three music DVDs of Mariah Carey / # 1 's , George Michael/Greatest Hits Collection and this , which definitely IS the best . The show was so well prepared and exciting that I could watch this three times a day . I can say I was totally mesmerized by the Latin pop . Ricky did a great performance with his unique and wonderful dancing and of course his lovely BIG smile . The special minutes with Jose Feliciano and Santana was a sweet moment also . His explanation about his country and earlier career with rare footage was impressive . I think this must be even better than the previously released DVD -LRB- `` Video Collection '' -RRB- . The video/audio quality is great . One disappointment is that the running time is too short -LRB- only 45min -RRB- . So I want more of Ricky Martin . Ricky , I want your concerts in Korea !
 Wow the whole show was entertaining . It felt like you were in heaven just dancing to the beats along with Ricky , the dancers and the band . The whole concert was great and really entertaining , it felt so much like Carnivale .
 Despite the thousands attending the concert Ricky seems to have a personal bond with each person in the audience . That comes through on the video also . You feel like you are seated in the best seat watching this spectacular show . And spectacular it is ! With bungee jumpers , fabulous dancers and backup singers and unbelievable musicians Ricky puts out a first class production
 For all you Ricky Martin fans , this is the best recorded concert I have seen ! It does n't make you feel bored , not even once !! Ricky dances and sings like a god ! Before he starts singing a song he 'll talk to the audience about it or make a comment on something and keep you very interested ! Then , he walks the streets of Old San Juan in Puerto Rico and talks to you about puertorrican culture and our famous `` piraguas '' -LRB- yummy !! -RRB- . He also sings traditional songs from Puerto Rico with children in his lap !! It is the best and to top it off , Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano join him on stage ! = -RRB-
 IT WAS EXCELLENT . VERY HOT ! HOT ! HOT ! IT BROUGHT BACK MANY MEMORIES OF THE CONCERT I SAW IN NOVEMBER ' 99 .
 Yes believe me ! , who 's talking is the biggest fan of Ricky Martn in Lima Peru . this video will take you to the best seat in the concert and you 'll have the of Ricky in front of you !
 Lili Boulanger was an artist way ahead of her time , especially considering that she died at just 24 . A true genius , this album is an excellent introduction to her work and special artistry .
 This is an excellent recording and fine tribute from the pianist to his teacher Nadia Boulanger.A few words to one of the reviewers for his questionable comments about the works of the two women composers on this album . First of all , Nadia Boulanger herself admitted that she was not a composer , but a teacher . Lili Boulanger was not a teacher but in the span of her short life of 24 years she left a small body of work of remarkable quality and inspiration very much earmarked with genius . We can only speculate on what she might have further achieved had she lived . Igor Stravinsky was 28 when he composed The Firebird and 31 when the Rite of Spring was first performed . Arnold Schoenberg was 38 when he wrote Pierrot . To compare Boulanger who was born ten years after Stravinsky who himself outlived her by over fifty years of creative life or Arnold Schoenberg who was almost twenty years her senior is a bit unfair . Furthermore composers Aaron Copland , Roy Harris and Virgil Thomson also lived into creative old age . Personal responses or opinions about a composer or artist are the right of all , but a review should be put into perspective .
 there 's one thing concerning criticism that one should n't do
 This title offers small-scale pieces of both Lili and Nadia Boulanger , plus a piece by the main performer-pianist , Emile Naoumoff . The music itself is not too much of a stretch , considering that `` Le sacre du printemps '' and `` Pierrot Lunaire '' came from the same decade as the small catalog of Lili and Nadia Boulanger . This recording is has some importance as one of the few recordings of the Boulanger ouevre . However , its content offers none of the musical insights that their famed pupils -LRB- Copland , Thomson , Harris , Blitzstein -RRB- provided the world .
 Ben Webster played a breathy unfocused tenor mostly in a warm `` swing '' style . He spanned several eras ; he was the first tenor player featured as a solo player in Ellington 's band , and yet continued to play and record into the 70s . At one point -LRB- and there are samples on this album -RRB- he played in a group with Gerry Mulligan who was a post-bop , cool jazz style baritone player ; the combination really sparkles . This compilation album is a good introduction and enjoyable through every cut.Contemporary tenor players tend to have a creamier , more focused sound and play a lot more notes and a lot of altissimo , in a style heavily influenced influenced by Coltrane -LRB- who was a lot easier to listen to than most of his followers -RRB- . Ben Webster 's style is more in the nature of using the tenor sax like a human voice , lots of breathy low notes with a soft `` foo foo '' attack , sliding into and out of notes , plenty of subtones . Every note in every song is musical -LRB- unlike a lot of contemporary jazz which to me sounds more like the implementation of mathematical formulas in the guise of music -RRB- . In addition to the Mulligan collaboration , some of the standout cuts are the Billie Holiday rendition of `` Do Nothing Til you Hear from me '' , which is an excellent duet between the sax and the vocal , and `` Stardust '' which showcases the capabilities of the sax to express emotions in a manner that emulates the human voice .
 Because Ben recorded mostly with Verve and subsidiaries , this survey disc is , unlike most , very broad in the included styles and tone pallette . Almost every track is from a different source recording . The guest artist list is like a who 's who of jazz
 That is how I would describe Ben Webster 's playing . Every cut on this album is a joy to listen to although my favorites are La Rosita with Coleman Hawkins and Chelsea Bridge with Gerry Mulligan . To listen to Webster playing duets with these other giants of the sax helps to put his tone and unique sound into perspective . This is my first cd by Webster but I am going to check out some others as result of listening to this .
 i never write reviews but i just had to come out and defend voivod 's negatron . this album is amazing ! i 've loved all that voivod has done and negatron is indeed my favorite . the band has absolutely NOT gone back to their thrash roots but rather they have progressed into so much more . this is defenitely not their fastest album , but it is their most brutal - incorporating scott travis style drumming and very heavy and eerie guitars . the new guy 's voice does take a bit getting used to , but the songs are indeed dark and creepy and , best of all , its fun and metal as hell ! nanoman is probably one of the best tracks off the album .
 Just shut your traps for a moment . It 's a bit poppy , sort of indie rock , and still a throwback to the spaced out technical metal that made `` Dimension Hatross '' a transcendently unreal album . They incorporate more muffled strumming bass/guitar impacts in the style of mainstream bands like Pantera , but these musicians are serious about reforming after loss of a member and making competitive , current music . Still listenable to this day , `` Negatron '' is both emotional and coldly logical , violently lowbrow and mentally mutilatingly highbrow . Enjoy it if you have the headspace .
 Upon first listen , I was ready to write this one off . However , repeated listening has raised my opinion of it . Voivod are a band that has always changed from record to record while always managing to maintain their unique qualities . This album is a return to the raw aggression of their early albums , but without neglecting the textural craftmanship which they mastered in the interim . The song structures are simple and direct on the surface , but with subtle off-kilter elements twisting and turning beneath . This is probably the most dissonant , industrial-sounding album in Voivod 's history . Forrest 's vocals are VERY different from Snake 's , but once you accept that , you realize how well they fit in with the material . Give it a chance , it 'll grow on you . The multimedia extras that come with the cd are nice as well -LRB- I 've always loved Away 's art -RRB- .
 When I first heard this album I loved it . After listening to it more closely , I still like it a lot , but am not quite so blown away by it . When it first came out , it might have been groundbreaking , but so much has happened since in the world of technical/avant-garde metal , that much of this album now sounds a little tame . The material has n't aged very well . There are a couple of truly great songs in the middle -- all of the others are definitely good , just not mind-blowing -LRB- as some of the material on their older albums still is -RRB- . The new vocalist on this album added a new dimension to the band -- a great improvement over Snake , in my opinion . If you want a truly great album , though , get their next , `` Phobos . ''
 For a few CDs , Voivod went off the thrash/progressive metal edge into a new realm of music that had n't really been explored since old Rush and Pink Floyd . With the loss of Snake -LRB- vocalist -RRB- , they bring in Eric Forrest , who adds the thrash back with his growling and harsh voice . Most of this CD is full of heavy riff , spacial guitar and some wicked echoing and chaotic effects . It 's nice to hear their old sound again , and I recommend this to anyone that really liked Dimension Hatross or Nothingface .
 If you enjoyed `` Nothingface '' , then you 'll flip over `` Negatron . '' Voivod have always been on the verge of something amazing . This is it . New vocalist/bassist Eric Forrest sounds like Snake used to in the old days . This is also Voivod 's heaviest outting to date . If you like spaced-out psychotic metal , this is the band for you .
 Yes , it does sound like -LRB- Thrash/Experimental -RRB- . I do n't see a problem if a band were trying new different things , `` as long as the new ideas are good !! '' . The music is atmospheric , very heavy and original . The band does not go by rules or badly want to belong to roots of metal music . -LRB- ... -RRB- . I think fans of indie/noise bands like The Jesus Lizard , Big Black , Shellac . . etc would enjoy music of Eric Forest-era Voivod.Too bad Eric had broke his back in a tour van accident the band had when they were touring and now they had their original singer back .
 I was a fan of Voivod from back in the Killing Technology days . Yeah , yeah , so were a lot of us ... just bear with me for a few more lines , though . Anyway , I feel that that record -LRB- Killing Technology -RRB- is most representative of what the Voivod experience is all about . I thought they were absolute geniuses when they came out with Dimension Hatross and Nothingface , though , and when they went super progressive with Angel Rat and Outer Limits , I was able to take that trip with them , too . -LRB- Outer Limits has a special place in my musical heart . -RRB- So , then came Negatron , with its new singer , its ugly computer graphics cover , classic Voivod-sounding title -LRB- ! -RRB- , and actually sounding nothing like Angel Rat/Outer Limits-era Voivod . I spun the disc a couple times , was disgusted with the direction the band had taken -- having become so enamored with the Outer Limits-era material and being so desperately ready for some more of that -- and then never listened to it again for literally over a decade . Eventually , bought Phobos in that time , too , though it had the same effect . Years later , we get the Jasonic material , which is a mixed bag , in my opinion . Eventually , I am in the mood for something brutal and aggressive due to whatever the day has done to my mood , and I think to try this thing out -LRB- by now , all my music is in my pocket on a PMP , and it 's no big thing to just touch the screen and try it out on my way home from work -RRB- . Wow . I get it . Brilliant.We were all primed and ready for more Outer Limits , but Piggy and Away were all ready to return to Voivod 's brutal roots ; when Snake left , they got someone with razors for vocal chords and Piggy pulled out all his most aggressive riffs and they put together some of the most incredible old school Voivod . Then they did it again with Phobos . If you took out everything after Killing Technology or maybe after Hatross , in their discography , and this record came next , we would have all hailed it as the next amazing progression of the post-apocalyptic sonic assault that Voivod really was all about back in the day , and we would have been ecstatic about it . Instead , we were so ready to spend more time in trippy/progressive Outer Limits land when this thing came out that , for a lot of us , it just fell flat . I have to say , I now spin E-Force era Voivod more than any other era of Voivod 's music , and when I think of Voivod , it 's Killing Technology through Nothingface , and then the E-Force era stuff that embodies the soul of the band , to me . The earliest stuff -LRB- which is awesome -RRB- is a little too brutal and unpolished to be as good as the material on Killing Tech and forward , and the progressive material on Angel Rat and Outer Limits is some of the most brilliant music ever put to tape , but is more of a pleasant detour on the Voivod road . The E-Force era material was Piggy & Away bringing Voivod back to its heart
 For those who discovered Voivod during the `` Nothingface '' , `` Angel Rat '' and `` The Outer Limits '' era , this CD will likely -LRB- or likely did -RRB- make you feel like you bought a CD by another band named Voivod . For prog rockers especially , the bombast of distortion , aggressive screaming/shouting vocals , and machine gun double bass will be an instant turn off . `` What the heck happened to my Voivod ? `` Two things.First , Voivod began as a speed metal band , and if you listen to `` RRROOOAAARRR '' -LRB- the name says it all -RRB- then you will already begin to understand `` Negatron '' . Looking at Voivod this way , it seems as though `` Negatron '' is the local place for the band to be sonically many years after their all-out thrash metal second album . If you have n't heard Voivod since then , this album makes sense.Second , vocalist Snake is gone and so is bassist Blackie . Handling double duties is Eric E-Force Forest , a thrash metal lover and performer . With this new blood , remaining and founding members Piggy -LRB- guitars -RRB- and Away -LRB- drums -RRB- decided to take Voivod back to a more aggressive , powerful sound.Knowing these two facts will do little to convince those who miss the more mainstream metal sound of early ninties Voivod or fans of Snake . More people seem to hate this album than love it . But if you appreciate ultra guitar distortion , double bass drums throughout each song , and distorted raging screams for vocals , then this album will impress . It is still Voivod , with their own take on any kind of music they delve into . They never have been your typical band of anything . Just , before you buy , be warned of what to expect . I was and I think the album is alright .
 Yes it does not have Blacky or Snake on it , but its still cool . At first it was hard to get used to the fact that Voivod had gotten so HEAVY again , but then one can take a look at `` Killing Technology and see that this is a lot like that album with better production and a bit more modern sounding -LRB- but not too much -RRB- . It almost seems like Fear Factory if they had more varied riffs , I think Voivod should 've actually added MORE industrial stuff to this album than the Foetus track at the end , but , then again , there can only be one Treponem Pal -LRB- buy any of their 80 's albums to see what I mean -RRB- . Otherwise , this album is just as progressive -LRB- maybe more -RRB- than their classic 80 's material .
 Alkan 's two sets of Impromptus are anything but run-of-the-mill . Although pretty straight-forward , these character-filled pieces are very interesting , and filled with tang , reminding me of Grieg , Bartok , and Chopin . As Ronald Smith said , they 're `` relaxed , uncomplicated pieces designed more for private enjoyment than public exposure . '' Although not all , much of this music is very memorable , if not touching . Laurent Martin is a fine Alkan interpreter , and this disc only confirms that status . Very warmly recommended , although the sound in some places leaves something to be desired .
 The miniatures of alkan , although not as impresive as the larger works , are full of colors and charming musicality , executed wonderfully by mr. Martin
 Great Music ... jazz with an upbeat mix added to it . A must for you next CD . .
 Before I begin my review , I would like to say this
 You ca n't fault anyone who constantly tries new things . It 's a sign of growth as well as a sense of adventure . We 've always gotten these elements from Scandinavian singer/writer Bjork . Her previous album , Med&uacute;lla , was actually so adventurous , so avant-garde , that she most certainly alienated many of her fans . But I 've maintained that her solo work is progressive rock in the most strict sense -LRB- unlike most of what 's called progressive these days -RRB- - that she 's constantly attempting to move forward , in new directions with her music . What else would you call something like VERTEBRAE BY VERTEBRAE ? Is it a coincidence then that the album 's title is part of the name of one of the neo-prog groups with more pop influences than prog - The Mars Volta ? Curious , indeed . What 's surprising to me , is that she 's able to keep any of her pop followers at all these days - she does n't seem too concerned with it.So perhaps it 's no surprise that she 's taken a step backward -LRB- maybe half a step -RRB- , into more familiar territory , with VOLTA . In truth , she 's still moving forward , but she 's collaborated with other musicians and producers who are certainly stuck in the `` now '' . The results are n't always dazzling , but that 's the nature of experimentation . As much as I like EARTH INTRUDERS , WANDERLUST , and I SEE WHO YOU ARE , a couple of songs just do n't work well . Part of this is the duet with Antony in DULL FLAME OF DESIRE , which goes on much too long . Honestly , I just ca n't stand his voice , so if you like him , maybe this works for you . I heard Bjork perform this song solo in concert and it was so much better that I can say it 's clearly just her choice of duet partner that ruins it for me . It 's also the first Bjork song since her days with the Sugercubes that I do n't like . Antony also shows up as a manipulated sample in MY JUVENILE , but here it 's almost an effect , and as such his rapid vibrato works.The other song on the album that has troubles is Innocence , which just sounds too trendy to me . But Bjork , like everyone else , has to make money , and this one will probably chart , easily becoming the most likable song on radio if it does . She also gets credit on that one for some creative sample work . DECLARE INDEPENDENCE is a call back to her punk roots and songs like PLUTO . But she makes it fresh , and it 's become one of my favorites on VOLTA.Bjork is an independent , a true visionary , and I hope there 's always a place for her in this increasingly commercialistic pop music industry . If you 've never been a Bjork fan , this might be a good CD at which to start .4 stars out of 5 .
 Is excellent . I recommend it with your eyes closed . The trouble was that my edition came ugly and battered .
 Simply Put
 With definite echoes of Yo La Tengo , Illuminations is the record you SHOULD go to sleep to and it 's the best to wake up to . Who else writes a song about director Edward D Wood Jnr -LRB- Unfair Kind of Fame -RRB- . This album is the best to come out of Scotland for ages . It also makes one feel depressed without a special someone in their lives . It 's best listened to when thinking of loved ones .
 calm , soothing , comforting . listening to this just now put me back in the womb of the dreamy days or 80 's brit pop . my friend said it was depressing to him , but not to me . it put me inside an atmosphere that felt familiar -- but most definitely not a depressing one . the vocals , the music ... it 's all so lovely !
 Illumination is a work of beauty . It is the sound of people dedicated to their art and it is a progression in the pastels sound without having to compromise their original concepts . On the surface the intricate and delicate melodies and chords create a gentle , docile sound but on ' the hits hurt ' and on ' rough riders ' the pastels prove they can rock . Electronic music and jazz have played a part in creating this statement which shows that the pastels can play their instruments but they maintain their amateur enthusiasm for their music . Katrina 's sonf ' the viaduct ' is a song which can bring many people to tears . The pastels and Illumination are best seen live . the new remix album , Illuminati , is excellent . It contains remixes by Make - Up , Mouse on Mars , Jim o ' Rouke but the best remix is of ` the viaduct ' by Bill Wells .
 this is my first album by these guys & I am really enjoying it alot & I believe you will too haa plus you should get the remix album as well , I still need it myself but anywho check it out ...
 The Mills Brothers had some of the best voices in recorded music . I grew up hearing their recordings thanks to my parents and grandparents . You ca n't go wrong with this collection of holiday music , especially if you enjoy strong harmonies . Highly recommended .
 The Mills Brothers have voices of gold interwoven in a tapestry of magic . Their records made the world sing along , and we still recognize them instantly . Who does n't know from the first few notes their songs such as `` Paper Doll , '' `` Glow Worm , '' `` Yellow Bird , '' `` You 're Nobody till Somebody Loves You '' and many others ? On this disc they bring the same level of skill and artistry to Christmas favorites like White Christmas , Silent Night , Joy to the World and more , enriching them with comforting warmth and heartfelt performances . For really nice Christmas music this disc is like a group of old friends sitting by the tree .
 This is a real nice and relaxing 1959 christmas recording . Even the upbeat numbers come across as relaxing . This is probably due to a small , four man vocal group with a small -LRB- perhaps rhythm section of an orchestra -RRB- musical backing with some christmas sounds thrown in -LRB- rather than the big orchestra backing with strings and brass that was so common on christmas albums back in the 1950 's -RRB- . The relaxing and very easy-listening nature makes this album one of the greatest christmas albums for background music during the christmas season.This album is a perfect mix of six secular christmas songs and six religious christmas songs . All are great and so you can play the whole thing without any skipping of songs . So , songs such as HERE COMES SANTA CLAUS and I 'LL BE HOME FOR CHRISTMAS to O LITTLE TOWN OF BETHLEHEM and SILENT NIGHT are all wonderfully done.The singing is fantastic with great harmony singing from the four singers . Sometimes they take solo leads as well and that is also great . It sounds like they could have had good solo careers.The musical backing is very small , as mentioned , seems like just a drum , guitar , organ in some of the songs , and maybe one or two other instruments but it works real well to create that smooth but mellow 1950 's / 1960 's ` croonerish ' styled musical backing . There are occasional christmas sounds as well which helps make this musical backing -LRB- and just the whole recording -RRB- sound very christmasy . Think of some of the mellow songs on PERRY COMO 'S 1959 christmas album , SEASONS GREETINGS , where there is often just a small musical backing and that 's what this whole recording is similar to , to the songs of WINTER WONDERLAND or SANTA CLAUS IS COMING TO TOWN on that great PERRY COMO christmas album .100 % recommended to fans of the more mellow ` crooner ' sounds of yesteryear . If you like this style , then you should really like this done with the christmas songs that are found on this cd . And the overall sound , from the music to the singing to the production is good and done in such a way that it really keeps to that old-fashioned christmas sound and mood from decades ago.If you can find this and like the description in this review , then you should pick this up . It really is a christmas classic .
 I got this album long ago and have never regretted it . It IS my Christmas album -LRB- vinyl -RRB- that I use throughout the season . The perfect , blended harmonies of the Mills Brothers , the retro arrangements , the classic Christmas tunes , done with such mellow aplomb always amplify my Christmas mood . It oozes class . I would recommend it to anyone wishing a good , Christmas album , but especially to those audiophiles who appreciate the feel for going back a little in time , to our younger years and reminiscing about Christmases past and the good ol' days .
 Maybe its my age maybe not but most of my buddies male and female and I alike lean towards the sounds from the early fifties to the early seventies . Sure its what we listened to growing up but we have n't stop listening . We still find the music and how it was created more hands on or maybe how we heard it live . The Mills Brothers Christmas cd has just that feel and the copy I purchased was used and in great shape . As advertised it played like new and the person I gave it to still has n't put it away with the other Christmas music and decorations . I know many of the Christmas product produced and put out there have that great traditional sound and feel but if you want to hear what many of us partied to and toasted in the New Year with , you got to try some of the classic like the Mills Brothers their a perfect fit for the Holidays .
 Do n't know if it 's from me listening to my Dad 's albums every Christmas or not ? For me this is the Christmas album by which all others are judged .
 I down loaded this for my Mother for Christmas . She loves the harmony of the songs . I burned a CD for her to play in the car while they travel . We all love it , I plan to make a CD for myself so I can listen to it in the car . Another Christmas Album that is wonderful is The Singers Unlimited Christmas . They are a Jazz group , but their harmony is even closer than that of the Mills Brothers . They are both very good albums .
 Few artists can achieve what SCOTS have done with this release
 Who knows WHERE this trend started , of bands suddenly doing a disc of cover songs . What can be of interest when this happens is to see how the band got its roots -LRB- one that jumps to mind is The Ramones ' _ Acid Eaters _ , where they showed that one of the roots of punk was actually acid rock -RRB- , but a lot of the time the album proves to be little more than a mediocre artist trying to revive a dead career by recording songs that are proven hits -LRB- i.e. , Michael Bolton -RRB- , or just a lazy way of getting a new album out , by getting to avoid the whole annoying process of actually writing songs.Fortunately , Southern Culture on the Skids is of the brilliant category . A staple of cover songs on other SCOTS albums has been their element of surprise -- either they cover songs I 've never heard before , or they surprise me by how they choose that may seem rather alien to their sound at first , but makes perfect sense once you hear it -LRB- I 'm thinking of the brilliant cover of `` House of Bamboo '' -RRB- . Yes , there are some familiar names and titles here , and though The Who cover does n't thrill me as much as I wanted it to , `` Oh Lonesome Me '' and `` Funnel of Love '' and `` Rose Garden '' are sheer classics , before and after the rochabilly trio got their hands on it . This is without doubt a nicely toe-tapping , clog-dancing disc , and the wallet-sized autographed photos of the band is a sweet addition . I hope someone takes this for an old country classic -- SCOTS deserves the most varied fan base imaginable .
 An early candidate for album of the year . The selections on this collection of cover version by S.C.O.T.S are inspired , and the performances are even more inspired . Switching seamlessly from country classics to 60s Psychedelia to 70s Glam Rock , the record jumps off the needle on the first note of the first track and never quits . My favorites are their takes on T. Rex 's `` Life 's a Gas '' and `` Fight Fire , '' a pre-CCR song included on the Nuggets box set . But every song is good , and in all cases the Skids find a way to put their own personal stamp on a classic song .
 Sure , I 've heard SCOTS do straight on covers , like `` Merry Christmas Baby '' , I 've even heard them do odd covers like The Swinging Medallions `` Double Shot of My Baby 's Love '' & Slim Harpo 's `` Scratch My Back '' in Espanol ... but I must admit , these latest covers show the SCOTS still have a lot of tricks up their sleeves ! Some of the choices have that honky-tonk appeal , that seems obvious for them to cover , like , `` Oh Lonesome Me '' , `` Wolverton Mountain '' , `` Rose Garden '' and `` Engine Engine # 9 '' . But they add a little something to them that make them their own ! `` Wolverton Mountain '' now has yodellers on it ! Mary Huff 's upbeat , slightly bouncier version of `` Rose Garden '' is a highlight!Then there 's the other stuff , among them
 After releasing a live album in 2006 , this all-covers album could be a sign of creative roadblock . Instead it 's a novel way for Southern Culture on the Skids to display their musical ethos and capture the zeitgeist of the times from which it sprung . The band 's rockabilly , pop , country , blues , surf , swamp rock and roadhouse roots are served up here in both song selection and style , revealing something much deeper than a mere collection of songs from their record collections . Listening to cross-pollinations of The Kinks and Sir Douglas or Creedence and the Allman Brothers reveals how the band 's influences grew into an overall musical approach , and at reinvents many of the classic songs they cover.This is a really fun album , from the rockabilly twang given to Don Gibson 's `` Oh Lonesome Me '' and Spanish touches on Wanda Jackson 's `` Funnel of Love '' to the raucous bar-rock take on Onie Wheeler 's -LRB- by way of George Jones ' -RRB- ode to partner swapping , `` Let 's Invite Them Over . '' Guitars dominate on rock tunes from T. Rex 's -LRB- `` Life 's a Gas '' -RRB- and The Byrds -LRB- `` Have You Seen Her Face '' -RRB- , but not as you 'd expect . The former is shoe-gazery , while the latter substitutes reverb for 12-string Rickenbacker . And though you might expect guitars on The Who 's `` Happy Jack , '' what you get is a superb banjo-and-fiddle hoedown . Throughout the album , the rhythm section kills , from the Creedence-styled workout of `` Tobacco Road '' to the driving rockabilly-countrypolitan arrangement of Roger Miller 's `` Engine Engine # 9 . `` The song list is anchored by several true countrypolitan gems , but the album 's theme - as was countrypolitan 's - is about the merging of cultures , high and low , town and country , and so on . The band 's deep investment in the music , playing and production makes this anything but a novelty ; it 's a tribute to their heroes and a reflection of their deepest musical selves . The effortlessness with which they expound upon this vision is breathtaking , and the cohesiveness of the album is impressive . The greatest compliment I can give these CD is that the covers are interesting enough to keep me from reaching for the originals . -LSB- 2007 hyperbolium dot com -RSB-
 This is a great album with many catchy tunes . Listenable from start to finish and a great primer into SCOTS .
 I have collected this for years , I picked up my first Skids CD off the rack in a music store in Wimington NC and have continued enjoying their music ever since .
 I 've been a SCOTS fan a long time . I 've seen them many times live , and have purchased most of their music . I get a little frustrated with their `` White Trailer-Trash '' persona because I think it detracts from the fact that their a great rock and roll band . Rick 's surf 'n swamp guitar work just gets better along with the rest of the band.Thats why I dig this new album so much . I seems like the band really put some time and effort into this disc . Hearing them play The Kinks ` Muswell Hillbilly ' and making it their own is a beautiful thing . Rick Miller tearing into ` Tombstone Shadow ' , awesome . Makes me wish they would do a whole album of Creedence covers ! The whole band is really on the same wave-length playing each one of these diverse tunes . Its a shame that ` Walk Like a Camel ' was their biggest hit . They deserve a much wider audience . Great Disc .
 Fun CD to listen to . Lyrics are humorous . Similar to B-52 's only with a rock-a-billy sound .
 These guys -LRB- and Gal -RRB- just keep on coming with good music . They do an excellant job on a number of great cover tunes and the recording is very good . If you like the Skids you will like this one . If you have not heard the Skids it is a great start .
 And I thought Liquored Up & Lacquered Down was the unrequited anthem to an undiscovered piece of myself ... . Muswell Hillbilly and Funnel of Love are just a few more precious memories to sing along to on the way to Happy Jack ! A good time had by all once again ! Only the Scots can so masterfully express the essential place that moonpies and aqua net play in any good southern girl 's arsenal ... . in a song ! Love the SCOTS !
 I recommended this disc on a Rolling Stones ' Fan-Club site and someone remarked `` that album scratches me right where I itch '' . I ca n't write a better review than that . This has a great , eclectic , choice of songs and strong lively performances . What more than fun do you want from your rock n roll ?
 I got my first CD player at the age of 15 in the glorious summer of 1985 - this is back when the CD player was the size of a small refrigerator and they had n't even invented the `` shuffle '' option . CDs sold for over $ 20 and came in surfboard-sized plastic sheets that required the Jaws of Life to open . I look back on that old heap of slag and smile.Not so my CD collection . I still have many of the CDs I bought in those years , and it is stunning how many CDs I bought that had one good song surrounded by dreck . I guess that 's the problem of going to a high school where Ratt , Cinderalla , Poison and other big-hair bands were worshipped - there 's only so much redemption that `` Pyromania '' and `` 1984 '' can provide.Suffice it to say that as I 've grown older , I 've grown more temperate in my musical purchases - if the album is n't consistently good from start-to-finish , I wo n't buy it . Based on that criteria , I can offer little praise higher than to say that I 've bought all of SCOTS ' albums and have never regretted it - not a single `` Invasion of Your Privacy '' in the bunch.That SCOTS would crank out a cover album does n't surprise me - this is a band that is proud of its influences and has paid tribute to other songwriters and bands in previous albums - `` Pass the Hatchet , '' anyone ? This album features the unique SCOTS ' take on a bunch of old timey stuff that comes out smelling like ... well , not roses , but at the very least a big old mess of barbeque.SCOTs defines the party album for me . There are few better guarantees for a fun get-together than to put a few of these albums in the player and let fly . And these are good for both lazy outdoor get togethers and late-night boot-stompers . These are quick , fun tunes played with style and belted out with sass - especially when Mary Huff gets her big old voice in gear.If you have n't checked out SCOTS before , I ca n't tell you that `` CF '' is the perfect album to start with ... I 'd start with my favorite , `` Liquored Up and Lacquered Down , '' but that 's just me . Suffice it to say that this album wo n't steer you wrong , and may open up vast new possibilities as you reconsider a slighted musical genre .
 What a group of fine musicians and Mary Huff not only is a fantastic bass player , she looks great doing it . These covers are great , they are so versatile . I just saw them in Towson and they are better live . Viva Microfret !
 Nowadays I normally get up round nine o'clock in the AM on Sunday and sit down to a big platter of bacon and eggs fried to perfection by my special lady -- the whole arranged most invitingly too atop toasted English muffins . With a colourful splodge of ketchup on the side this bang-up banquet is scrumdiddlyumptious . In the grip of what I can only suppose must 've been divine inspiration , the missus recently decided that just such a fried-food morning extravagance was altogether too damn tasty not to indulge in at least once a week . I could n't agree more entirely I told her when she first floated the notion and now every Sunday morning I 'm at the kitchen table chowing down on the original breakfast of champions . Our poor pooch Pepper P. Pot is driven clean out of her mind though by the smell of frying bacon -- let 's face it , who is n't ? -- so I usually let the high-stepping hound cool her heels on the back porch while me and my other half scarf down the delicious people food . Afterwards I drink a huge mug of Komodo Dragon , a really rather bold bleeding blend of Indonesian coffee that meticulously repoints my bed-warped mush scrubble every time . Then while I do the wash-up and whatnot my very own Dulcinea del Toboso usually exits our hut stage left for Mass and a bout of jumping around in her exercise club and it 's just after she 's driven off last Sunday morning that I suddenly flash fully on the date
 Not a bad album . I 'm surprised by their choices ... I could have thought of better `` favorites '' to put on an album . But , overall , they do a very good job with the material they chose .
 Have bought from this person before , and as always everything was first rate . Fast shipping and excellent product Thanks again
 While this CD does n't have any new material and one can get all this from a hundred different sources other than ` Have Faith ' , its great . It focuses on the music and not the psycho-babble in-between the songs like many of his other releases . Yes , its sloppy , from the playing to the mixing , but its fun to listen to . Johnny blows right through ` Too Much Junkie Business ' , ` Chinese Rocks ' , and ` Born to Lose ' in about 10 minutes with no breaks between the songs . The end of ` Born To Lose ' has him scrambling over the guitar and it fades out , making you want to hear more from this show . The last 4 songs are acoustic and are ` ok ' , but its the first 8 songs that makes the release very enjoyable . Note
 A good live set from Japan in 1988 . Decent recording and Thunders was on his game.The CD closes with some acoustic stuff which gives it some variance . It 's not he 's put out anything new , so get it while you can . Recommended .
 L&aacute;szl&oacute; Lajtha has never received the recognition he obviously deserves . I am not going to claim that his music is on the level of Bart&oacute;k 's , maybe not even of Kod&aacute;ly 's , but he is n't far behind , and his neglect may be more due to political circumstances than anything to do with his music . Besides Lajtha was , as opposed to the two mentioned composers , a symphonist - a great symphonist , at that ; probably Hungary 's greatest symphonist ever . The Marco Polo series of his orchestral music is hence a very important one . Stylistically the music will probably appeal to those who like the music of late Debussy , Kod&aacute;ly or Martinu - but it does n't really sound anything like any of them.The fourth symphony is definitely one of his best , and is n't far short of being a masterpiece . It has something of the atmosphere of escapism , being witty , joyful and fantastic , in stark contrast to the composer 's situation in Hungary at the time it was written - and in contrast to many of the works the composer wrote at the time . Like most of his symphonies , the work is in three movements , none of them really slow but the middle Allegretto at lest more reflective than the Allegro molto and Vivace movements flanking it . The whole work is highly inventive , containing several remarkable twists on folk or folk-like tunes , especially with regards to the airy and `` transparently lush '' orchestration . Listen , for example to the exquisite violin solo closing the first movement to hear a truly remarkable example . The last movement is a hugely entertaining , life-affirming round-dance . The second suite was originally collected from a possibly allegorical dance comedy -LRB- ` The Grove of Four Gods ' -RRB- . The music here is enjoyable and light -LRB- but with some dark shadows lurking beneath the surface -RRB- . It is all attractive , even memorable , but not on the level of the fourth symphony.The third symphony is n't quite on that level , either , but not far behind . It is apparently part of the same group of works as the Orchestral Variations -LRB- available with the second symphony on another Marco Polo disc -RRB- composed for a film on the life and death of Thomas Beckett . It is certainly darker in mood than the fourth , but exhibits many of the same qualities , in particular with regards to the masterly orchestration.The P&eacute;cs Symphony Orchestra under Pasquet plays these works well , and they are very much able to bring out the various sonorities and textures . There is a certain lack of refinement and a certain lack of tidiness to the playing , but not so much so as to detract from the listening pleasure . The sound quality is very dynamic and good . Very strongly recommended .
 I heard quite a few negative comments regarding the Cranberries ' third CD , so when their fourth CD came out , I was initially reluctant to buy it . However , the reviews were somewhat positive , so I decided to give it a shot . My conclusion
 No complants about this product love it and arrived within the time period I was promised , any Cranberries fan would love this .
 This album creates a sense of peace in me that is beyond description . It 's like being on drugs or painkillers . The initial guitar on Animal Instict says it all , you immediatly get the impression that this will be music to clear your mind , not to clog it with depression and bad feelings , as their first two albums . Dolores ' voice is also a little more relaxed , less dramatic , but still exquisite.Now , I am not saying their first two albums are bad , in fact they are very good , but in Bury the Hatchet , Dolores and company have effectively exorcised their demons , maybe through the homage to their faithful departed.Promises is my favorite song from this album . It 's got such power and excitement , it thrills me like few songs did back in that time . Just my imagination is also a very enjoyable tune . It brings me so much peace and comfort , a feeling of being totally in love , in harmony , with your special one , with yourself and with the world . It brings that nice feeling of having nothing to do on a Saturday morning , and just stay in bed with the person you love , doing silly things like having breakfast in bed or just watching TV . Totally love this tune.I find Copycat a funny song , and still very true . No personality in this world anymore , just `` copycats '' . Fee Fi Fo is another of my favorites in here . It really recreates the sickness of child abuse . Dolores , as many other irish singers and composers , is very concerned with the topic , as it has hit Ireland so much . This tune really brings into the skin the scary goosebump feelings of the thought of pedophilia.The extra songs in here are not really a plus , but not bad either . For the above reasons , this is my favorite Cranberries album .
 I do n't really want to spend time doing this . It was a gift , guess it 's good .
 The moment I put this cd on and heard the light , lulling strum of a dreamy guitar fluttering like soft breezes that carried with them the whispered caresses of sun-kissed Gregorian chants , followed by the ocean spray of some middle eastern voice sweetly singing amidst gorgeous strings and a hypnotic beat , I knew this was going to be one journey I 'd be willing to take for many years to come ... and that was the impression I got from the first track alone ! Imagine what ensued ... It only gets better from there!Every song is aptly titled to create a spellbinding mood , and while I find this exotically soothing debut album by Black Ether -LRB- an astonishingly overlooked group -RRB- extremely hard to classify because it is so diversified in its use of instruments and styles , I 'd have to say if you enjoy lush chillout music with an ethnic-world flavor to it than this is most definitely your cup of tea .
 Like a life-sized music box , Liberace 's sparkling rendition of Christmas music is a splendid addition to anyone 's Christmas music collection . I first purchased this album as a tape then just had to upgrade to a CD . Add it to your music library !
 Liberace is remembered for his schmalzy and flamboyant style and this style serves him well in this collection of familiar Christmas selections . The piano & string arrangements of `` What Child Is This '' and `` The Little Drummer Boy '' are good as is the operatic type soprano solo on `` Ave Maria '' . I personally consider Liberace 's vocal rendition of `` Silver Bells '' as abysmally bad.However , the brilliance of the medleys far outshines that one low spot . Rather than just two , three or four songs played side by side , these songs are intricately intertwined with each other , a phrase from one unexpectedly showing up while another is being played . The first medley features `` O Tannenbaum '' given a majestically dramatic interpretation with `` We Wish You A Merry Christmas '' interjecting itself at times . The second medley of `` White Christmas '' , `` Adeste Fidelis '' , and `` Silent Night '' is played with a number of `` Jingle Bells '' phrases playfully thrown in . The closing medley of `` Santa Claus Is Comin ' To Town '' and `` Here Comes Santa Claus '' is combined again with `` Jingle Bells '' for a rousing and fun performance . And for a truly powerful spiritual medley , we have `` O Little Town Of Bethlehem '' , `` It Came Upon A Midnight Clear '' and `` Joy To The World '' with musical statements from each juxtaposed to each other.Purists will need to suspend their judgments if they want to thoroughly enjoy this CD , but for most of us , this should be at the top of the list for sheer enjoyment .
 It would be hard to top this Christmas CD ! It is my very favorite and my husband and I are still playing it way pastChristmas . Liberace and the orchestra combine for wonderful Christmas medleys . Great service from Amazon .
 This Cd is the tackiest , most saccharin Christmas record ever . But what else would you expect from Librace ? The man was over-the-top in every aspect of his showmanship ; not a bad pianist either .
 The Smithereens were one of the top forgotten band of the 1980s & Green Thoughts was a top notch album.Spearheaded by the top 40 hit Only A Memory there were no weak tracks on this collection . AOR favorites House We Used To Live In , World We Know & Drown In My Own Tears made this a must have for fans of the band . Toss in concert favorites Something New , Deep Black & the title song & you have one of the most underrated albums of that entire decade!Recommended for fans & for those who want to explore a really great album .
 I found this cd through some random thrift shop pillaging and have been praising the heavens ever since . Green Thoughts is one of those albums that are so amazingly catchy and beautiful to the ears you have to listen to it on repeat ten-thousand times over.The tracks on Green Thoughts focus around heartache but despite their emo-esque titles -LRB- i.e. Drown In My Own Tears , Deep Black , If The Sun Dose n't Shine -RRB- its amazingly accessible 1987 vibe puts across more than just the loneliness of a relationship gone sour . Green Thoughts is The Car 's with soul and and Elvis Costello with power chords.If you happen to be looking for an album with some beautiful melody and heartfelt lyrics , Green Thoughts is where it 's at . It really is incredible .
 The songs on here are a lttle lighter than on their first release and they try to branch out musically a little more with songs like `` Especially For You '' and `` Spellbound '' , neither of which is in their tried-and-true Beatles-Who-Kinks vein . Like all their CD 's , this is consistent all the way through .
 The Smithereens a Carteret , New Jersey based band , had just come off a successful album `` Especially For You '' , which produced their classic radio hit `` Blood And Roses '' . 1988 brought us `` Green Thoughts '' # 60 , which I think is their best long player . Led by lead singer and guitarist Pat DiNizio -LRB- who has put out several good solo discs as well -RRB- , lead guitarist Jim Babjak , bassist Mike Mesaros and drummer Dennis Diken . `` Green Thoughts '' , is a pop-rock masterpiece to these ears . You have such songs as , `` Only A Memory '' - # 1 mainstream rock , # 92 hot 100 , love that guitar by Jim Babjak , backing vocals by Marti Jones who 's 1988 album `` Used Guitars '' is a pretty good album . `` House We Used To Live In '' - # 14 mainstream rock , another fine power-pop rocker . `` Something New '' - Kind of country-pop , kind of resembles the early Kinks in many ways . `` The World We Know '' - A great rocker with vocals by the late Del Shannon . `` Especially For You '' - A 60 's sounding AM type song , great sax by Los Lobos Steve Berlin . `` Drown In My Own Tears '' - # 34 mainstream rock , another great power popper . `` Deep Black '' - Steady beat track , with Pat 's deeper voice here . `` Elaine '' - Punchy little pop number , good guitar by Jim . `` Spellbound '' - Alfred hitchcock , A hypnotic tune . `` If The Sun Does n't Shine '' - A simple pop song . `` Green Thoughts '' - finishes with this jangly popper.Produced by Don Dixon , who was a hot producer during the 80 's . The Smithereens got derailed after their album `` Date With The Smithereens '' , -LRB- it was during the grunge era . -RRB- and just never recovered . They did release `` Meet The Smithereens '' in 2007 and had a little success with that , doing the whole `` Meet The Beatles '' , album . Their 2011 album `` 2011 '' , is off the wall great !!!!!
 The Smithereens ' second album release , Green Thoughts , is another great album and ranks just a shade below their debut Especially for You as their best . Pat DiNizio constructs another batch of songs with memorable melodies and personal lyrics . Green Thoughts does n't rock as hard as Especially for You or their next album , 11 , but the craftsmanship is still there . `` Only A Memory '' would be a huge hit on college radio and even crossover to the lower reaches of the pop charts while the energetic `` House We Used to Live In '' and the melancholy `` Drown in My Own Tears '' are two gems that would get some airplay as well . Like their first album did with `` A Lonely Place '' , Green Thoughts has a stylistic detour , this time in the jazzy and beautiful love song `` Especially for You '' . The atmospheric `` Deep Black '' and the sunny `` Elaine '' are reminiscent of the Byrds with their jangly guitars while the melodies of `` If The Sun Does n't Shine '' and `` Something New '' also bring back a ` 60s feel without sounding like a blatant ripoff . Other strong tracks include the mid-tempo rocker `` The World We Know '' and the title song . All told , Green Thoughts is another excellent album from the very underrated rock n ' roll band that this is the Smithereens .
 Pat DiNizio , the Smithereens ' main songwriter , said somewhere that he loves the Beatles as well as Black Sabbath . Green thoughts is full of lovely little tunes that the band infuses with a megaton of energy . Crackling , buzzing guitars and a rock solid back beat complement the mellow croon of Pat DiNizio perfectly . Nobody has done heavy power pop better .
 Green Thoughts is one of those albums that just kicks you in the pants every time you hear it - I wore out the cassette in my old Camaro in the late 80 's , and I 'm going to do the same with the CD in my Altima now in the late aughts . The gutteral guitar hooks , the thumping bass , the half-growl vocals , the pounding drums
 the smithereens were and are a great band . they started in the early 1980 , s their first official full length album was called - especially for you , and was released in 1986 . green thoughts which is their second was released in 1988 . some people think the first album is the best , however i think they made alot of good records and green thoughts is one of the better ones.the smithereens have never been afraid to show their influences such as the beatles , the who , the kinks and others . in my opinion the great cuts on this one are ; only a memory , house we used to live in , the world we know , especially for you , drown in my own tears , spellbound and green thoughts!if you like the smithereens get this cd !! i hope they remaster all the smithereens 80 , s and 90 , s records !!
 Video killed the Radio Star . If this music came out in 1968 , this band would have been a headline act . However in the MTV world , if your not pretty , you do n't play . I recommend these guys to everyone .
 There are only three words to explain why I purchased this album
 Second Smithereens album . Along with Especially For You , makes up the truly important work of this truly important band .
 Bueno tener este album debido a su sonido peculiar , algunas de sus canciones hasta fueron programadas aca en la radio en Guanatos ... es + el Kala -LRB- Rostros Ocultos -RRB- se encarg&oacute; de hacer un cover el cual fue un exito en espa & ntilde ; ol - con los Smithreens nunca lo fue - -LRB- `` Tiempo de Cambiar '' o `` Something New '' -RRB- . Saludos de neta . Mork
 She may have been overshadowed by Ella Fitzgerald in Norman Granz 's `` Verve '' company but to my ears Anita O'Day belongs to pantheon of all-time great jazz singers.This compilation presents the cream of 14 albums she recorded for `` Verve '' , and as 8 of them are out of print , this is the only way to hear some otherwise rare and forgotten gems.If her voice mirrors her soul , Anita O'Day must have been very cool , ironic lady but just when you think she never let herself go , she surprises with poignant version of `` God Bless The Child '' -LRB- from her loving tribute to Billie Holiday -RRB- which she sings with real understanding and feeling.After all the vocal fireworks , her worldless vocalising and fast-scatting , it came as surprise to notice that O'Day was actually NOT born with big/pretty/beautiful voice , but its a sheer power of her personality that somehow works for her.There is something of a `` bad girl '' in her , which I find very appealing and while so many of commercialy succesful singers of her time had vanished together with their cheerful smiles , work of cynical and cool Anita O'Day stands the test of time perfectly . -LRB- Note
 Anita O'Day 's recorded output includes quite a few undisputed masterpieces , and this collection brings just about all of them together on one CD . O'Day 's supreme mastery of time and swing makes her one of the great jazz singers of the bop era , up there with Sarah Vaughn , Carmen MacRae and Little Jimmy Scott . Her sly , sexy cover of `` Peel Me a Grape '' is a classic . Her big band roots serve her well as she belts out `` Sing , Sing , Sing '' , `` Four Brothers '' -LRB- completely scatted -RRB- and -LRB- of course -RRB- `` Let Me Off Uptown '' -LRB- with Roy Eldridge , her old Gene Krupa bandmate -RRB- . And her Mach 4 romp through `` Them There Eyes '' -LRB- propelled by Oscar Peterson 's stunning Lisztian piano solo work -RRB- will have you gasping in amazement -- she pushes every word out for a few lines , then jettisons whole lines to make room for scatting , then re-works the whole lyric into a relaxed half-time line while the rhythm sections furiously keeps up the bop beat underneath . Well worth a listen !
 This is my favorite of all her albums . What a voice and the arrangements , well they do n't do it like that anymore .
 If you 've never given Anita o'Day a try , then this is the perfect introduction to one of the great singers of the 20th century , alot of people will know who ella , sarah vaughan or billie holliay are and sound like , yet when you mention Anita you 're likely to get a blank stare . Anita deserves and should be mentioned with all of the above , she was a great singer , had a totally distinctive voice , swung with the best of them and looked fantastic , if you 've never seen it watch Jazz on a Summer 's Day she steals the show . On this cd you get to hear some of the best versions of jazz standards recorded , believe me you wo n't regret buying this and once you 've heard her , you 'll want to hear more .
 Anita O'Day is one of the greatest jazz singers of all time . This is one of the best sinble CD presentations of her work , remembering that a single CD can not do her justice . Nevertheless , this is aptly named , Anita O'Day 's Finest Hour .
 This CD gives a great overview of Anita 's very productive years with Verve . Everything she did was top notch and full of her sexy , sultry , smart ass attitude that makes her so special . The sound quality is fantastic and the variety of settings from big band to trio explode with Anita lighting the fuse . After listening to this CD I am ordering several of the original complete LPs .
 If I had to hand pick tracks for a compilation that showcased Anita 's talents and vocal stylization , I think my list would perfectly match the tracks on this album.Each track stands on its own merit as an example of her singing during the period in which it was recorded . And unlike other vocalists whose active career spanned different periods and styles and whose earlier work sounds dated -LRB- Ella Mae Morse comes to mind -RRB- , Anita 's work is nearly timeless . Her tracks here during her stint with Krupa have easily withstood the test of time . Some tracks sound very familiar - her Sweet Georgia Brown is very close to that of her performance inJazz on a Summer 's Day , and her Tea for Two here sounds like it came from her performance in Sweden beautifully captured inJazz Icons
 I have been aware of these interviews for some time although I have never owned this disc . Because of this review I soon will . And intend on listening to it daily !! I grew up with the Beatles and have followed there every move , and know as much about them as anyone . Perfection ! THAT IS THE BEATLES TO ME !!!
 Felix Blumenfeld writes etudes in the grand nineteenth century tradition , and they are worth hearing and playing . The performances on this CD are technically expert and musically satisfying .
 I love the song What makes you Different -LRB- Makes You Beautiful -RRB- . This is cool & I went crazy trying to look for it . I bought it in store at VirginiaBeach , but it was stolen . I left it in my lovker & I think a custodian cleaned out my locker and stoled my bag with my cd 's . I hated it & I was furious . i was also upset , becuase I had to figure out how to get another Black & Blue album with the song . I was so lucky to find it on Amazon.com . Thank you for having this item on this website . I love Amazon.com so much .
 Not only is this 5 stars , it should get a rosette in the Peguin catalogue.It 's simply the best since the 1970 's superb Emi recordings . Thanks Emi for putting all this material on one disc . Mr Cleobury 's has directed this music in a somewhat faster pace than the 70 's versions , thus rendering these works absolutely fun to listen to , especially the `` Praise the Lord , O Jerusalem '' . It 's just astonishing . I 've followed Purcell recordings since Yehudi Menuhin , Schwartzkof ... Baker ... Britten ... Deller Consort ... James Bowman ... Elloit Gardiner ... Will Christie . . I am quiet intimate with Purcell . And , this one stands right up there with the best of them . Intense , passionate and very singable . This one could revive the Purcell Society or maybe , even start one in the states .
 West-West yall ! This album is good for what it is meant to be , West coast Gangsta music . It 's all about lowridin , smokin chronic , kickin ' it and gangbangin in the Golden State . Those who are accustomed to Down South music will probably not like some of the west coast funk . It 's a different flavor for some . Me being from Cali , I love this stuff . It is rare that someone captures the essence of the west . I do agree with this not being the best album but it 's still worth buying . It 's got enough head-bangers to get you to the club . That 's Cali-4-ya ... 31/2 stars
 FIRST OFF , I AM A BIG DOGG POUND FAN SNOOP , DAZ AND KURUPT HAVE BEEN MY FAVORITE ARTISTS SINCE I WAS 13 , I NOW AM 25 . I FOLLOWED THERE WHOLE CAREER , AND HAVE EVERY ALBUM , AND SOLO ALBUM FROM THEM . THIS ALBUM IS HELLA TIGHT , AND IT SURE IS WESTCOAST AT ITS FINEST , IF YOU LOVE WESTCOAST MUSIC YOU WILL RIDE WITH THIS ALL SUMMER TIL THE NEW YEAR . FOR ONE , I THINK WAS SEPARATES THIS ALBUM FROM ALL DPG ALBUMS SINCE DOGG FOOD IS THE PRODUCTION , IT DOES NOT SOUND LIKE A INDEPENDENT ALBUM , I M GLAD TO SEE THEY PUT MORE WORK IN THIS ALBUM TRYING TO MAKE IT MORE OF A CLASSIC . I M GLAD TO SEE THAT KURUPT STEP HIS LYRICAL GAME BACK UP TO HIS FULL POTENTIAL . I WAS GETTING TIRED OF HIM REPEATING WORDS , WITH CAT IN THE HAT RHYMES LIKE HE WAS DOING ON PAST ALBUMS . I THINK HE REALLY PLAYED HISSELF DOING THAT BECAUSE HE LOST LOTS OF FAN , AND RESPECT IN HIP HOP , SO THATS A GREAT DIFFERENCE WITH THIS ALBUM HE IS FINALLY TRYING TO PUT MORE WORK IN HIS RHYMES INSTED OF SAYING ALOT OF STUPID STUFF . I REALLY DIDNT LIKE THE GUEST ON THIS ALBUM LIKE DAVID BANNER OR PAUL WALL , I REALLY DONT FEEL THEM CATS SO I CAN SAY THOSE TWO SONGS WERE HELLA WEAK . BUT PIDDY PROVIDE A BANGER ON THIS ALBUM WHICH WAS NOT A SURPRISE TO ME , BECAUSE I ALWAYS THOUGHT DPG WOULD SOUND ALOT BETTER IF THEY HAD MORE MAINSTREAM PRODUCTION OR RECORD LABEL . OTHE GOOD SONGS LIKE KUSHN N PUSHN , CALI IZ ACTIVE , SITTIN ON 23Z , AND KEEP IT GANGSTA ARE GREAT ADDITIONS TO THIS ALBUM . THERE ARE JUST A FEW FORGETABLE , BORING SONGS ON THIS ALBUM THAT STOPS IT FROM BEING 5 STARS , I NOT GOING TO FRONT . TO GET 5 STARS , A ALBUM SHOULD BE PERFECT FROM START TO FINISH , IT THIS ALBUM IS NOT PERFECT , BUT ITS A GREAT START IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION FOR THEM TO GET BACK TO THE QUALITY THEY HAD DURING DOGG FOOD , AND DEATH ROW . ONE THING I WAS HOPING THIS ALBUM DIDNT DO WAS TRY TO ADOPT A EASTCOAST OR DOWN SOUTH SOUND TO GET MORE ACCEPTANCE , I HATE WHEN PEOPLE DO THAT . WE ARE WESTCOAST , SO KEEP IT WESTCOAST YOUR FAN BASE IS ALWAYS GOING TO BE THERE . YOU EITHER LIKE DPG OR YOU DONT . BUT AT LEAST KEEP YOUR WESTCOAST FANS HAPPY . WHY DO WE NEED TO SOUND LIKE OTHERS TO GET PROPS . WHEN THE WEST WAS SELLING PLATINUM , AND GOLD ALBUMS WE HAD STR8 WESTCOAST SOUND , AND PEOPLE BOUGHT IT , BECAUSE IT WAS JUST GOOD MUSIC . WE STOP SELLING , AND STARTED GETTING CALLED WACK WHEN WE TRY TO CHANGE OUR SOUND . GANGSTA RAP WOULD NEVER DIE , PEOPLE ALWAYS WANT TO HEAR IT . DR.DRE FOUND THAT OUT WHEN HE DROPPED HIS SECOND ALBUM TRYING TO BE EASTCOAST , AND NOBODY LIKED THAT WACK ALBUM . HE HAD TO GET BACK GANGSTA FOR 2001 TO SELL , BECAUSE IT WAS BANGIN . DJ QUIK SHOULD READ THIS ALSO , BECAUSE THIS IS REAL TALK . I AM A WESTCOST CAT LIVING ON THE EASTCOAST , AND I M TIRED OF DEFENDING THESE WESTCOAST RAPPERS WHEN THEY DROP WACK ALBUMS . IN SHORT I LOVE THIS ALBUM , BECAUSE THERE GOING IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION WITH LYRICS , PRODUCTION , AND GOOD WESTCOAST MUSIC . JUST KEEP DOING WHAT YALL DOING , AND THE WEST WOULD BE BACK .
 IN MY OPINION THA DOGG POUND IS MAKING A GREAT MOVEMENT ... ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE THE WEST COAST HAS BEEN PUTTIN THIS MANY ALBUMS OUT . WE HAVE `` THE GAME '' , `` ICE CUBE '' AND MANY MORE STILL TO COME ... IN MY OPINION THA DOGG POUND IS DOING GREAT THINGS ... SO IM SAYIN IF YOU GON NA GET THIS ALBUM PREPARE TO BE AMAZED
 Haters , haters , haters , I wish they did n't exists . This album is great from start to finish . I mean come on , what can you expect from production by Diddy , Battlecat , Swiss Beats , and Jazzy Phae , to name a few . The reason people do n't like this album is because it does n't sound like Dogg Food , but get real , times change and music changes . And it 's not just the big names that make the album great . They also have guest appearances by Rage , RBX , and production by Soopafly which really takes you back in the days . If you do n't believe me , listen to the samples and find out for yourself . This album is worth ever penny . Do n't miss out on it !!!!!
 Daz , Kurupt , and Snoop put out a pretty impressive album which starts out great with the self named track Cali Iz Active . After that the lyricism and delvery is pretty good but not the best it could be . This album is still very impressive though with some great beats and appearances by some of the best in the business . Overall this album is better than Young Joc and his attempt at rap or other wannabe rappers from the ATL . This album is definitely worth your money .
 First things first
 Just 8 months since thier last group album and on the same day as a Kurupt solo album , Daz & Kurupt -LRB- with Snoop -RRB- are bacc . Probably tied for their worst group album -LRB- with their last 2 -- all barely 4 stars -RRB- . Between Daz & Kurupt I have around 24 albums they 're associated with , and this is definitely in the bottom 33 % . With 16 songs , Daz & Kurupt are on every song , Snoop is on 7 , 2 are almost a classic , 7 or 8 are good , 2 I Skip and the rest are average . Guests are on 6 songs , and as a few reviewers stated , they need to do that early/mid 90 's west coast upbeat music that made all us all love 'em and quit trying to do southern music -LRB- it sucks for the most part , and you are n't doing it any better -RRB- . Production has it 's high spots and lows , not enough west coast sound and Daz did NO SONGS ! Battlecat does 4 songs , Soopafly does 3 -LRB- 2 very nicely as usual -RRB- , LT Moe , Swizz Beatz , David Banner , 1500 , Jazze Pha , J-Dubs , Ryan Leslie , Rick Rock , Mr. Bangledesh all do 1 . I 'd have liked to hear some rapping from Bad Azz , Crooked I , Tray Deee , Nate Dogg , Warren G , or Roscoe - but maybe next time . A good album for their fans but they 've done much better . # 1 - 9 -LRB- kurupt , daz , snoop , battlecat -- nice beat -RRB- # 2 - 9.5 -LRB- kurupt & daz -- tight beat -RRB- # 3 - 7.5 -LRB- kurupt & daz -RRB- # 4 - 6.5 -LRB- daz & kurupt -RRB- # 5 - 8 -LRB- daz , Kurupt , snoop , puff daddy -RRB- # 6 - 9.5 -LRB- daz & kurupt -- tight beat -RRB- # 7 - 7 -LRB- daz , snoop , kurupt -RRB- # 8 - 8 -LRB- kurupt , daz , lady of rage -RRB- # 9 - 5 -LRB- snoop , daz , rbx , kurupt -RRB- # 10 - 8.5 -LRB- daz , snoop , kurupt -RRB- # 11 - 8 -LRB- kurupt , daz , david banner -RRB- # 12 - 6 -LRB- daz , snoop , rbx , kurupt -RRB- # 13 - 5 -LRB- daz , paul wall , kurupt -- dirty song -RRB- # 14 - 9 -LRB- daz , kurupt -- tight beat -RRB- # 15 - 8 -LRB- kurupt , snoop , daz , oliver brown -RRB- # 16 - 7 -LRB- daz & kurupt -- dirty song -RRB- KURUPT -- Ricardo Jones -- b. 11/23/72 -- b. Philadelphia , PA moved to Hawthorne , CADAZ DILLINGER -- Delmar Arnaud -- b. 5/25/73 -- b. Mississippi moved to Long Beach , CA , moved to Atlanta , GASNOOP DOGG -- Calvin Broadus -- b. 10/20/72 -- Long Beach , CADPGC !! Check all my Reviews
 Big Snoop Dogg and the Dogg Pound together again representing the West Coast to the Fullest . With Nate Dogg on the hook of a few songs and Diddy on a track as well . Professional Production by Battlecat , David Banner , Rick Rock and Swizz Beats .
 i do n't ussualy review any thing but after i read the reviews i got mad because i do n't know why they are hatting on this album because i thought that this album is good . It has always been the same no matter what snoop dogg any of the dpgc releace.this album is supposed to be a dpgc album bt it is more like a dpg album because kurupt and daz are on every track.this album has no message surrounding the lyrics but that is the same case with most of the rap albums these days . so that is not a problem because it has been the case for some time ever since jay z retired the rap world has been dominated by club songs from the south . this album shows the dpgc just enjoying themselves.The album has great production from the begining to the end . there is the production of the likes of battlecat , soopafly , jazze pha , swizz beatz . even the new comers sound great . i think that it is a matter of time until we see them doing some thing on snoop 's album.i read some negative reviews about the tracks featuring south side artists . they are saying that they sold out and are trying to emitate the wave of music from the south that is dominating the rap game these years but that is not true . It just happens to be that they are close freinds with david banner and that is why he is on this album . as for the track with paul wall i thought that it is one of the funniest tracks that i heard in ages.to conlcude i want to say that it is true that this album is not prfect but it is one of these albums which would be in my car for a long time to come.1-Prod by battlecat2-Prod by L.T. Moe3-Prod by Swizz Beatz4-Prod by Battlecat5-Prod by J-Dubs6-Prod by Soopafly7-Prod by Ryan Leslie8-Prod by Soopafly9-Prod by Rick Rock10-Prod by Battlecat11-Prod by David Banner12-Prod by 150013-Prod by Shondrea14-Prod by Soopafly15-Prod by Battlecat16-Prod by Jazee Pha
 THA DOGGPOUNDCALI IZ ACTIVEI have been waiting on this album for a while now , but being that it is a DOGGYSTYLE release I was a little worried . Seeing that everyone that has been signed to Snoop 's label and dropped an album has stated that Snoop is n't the greatest CEO and tries to have all the say as far as the sound of the album goes . So I was a little worried ... 1 . CALI IZ ACTIVE-the first track is the lead single of the album produced by the great BATTLECAT , who 's beat is off the chain and is the perfect backdrop for the returning DPG . KURUPT kicks it off with a great verse that got me hyped about this release . DAZ comes in next with an equally great verse , so this album is starting out great . Snoop kicks it last with a great verse of his own , his flow is excellent on this track , he also closes the song with a nice little thing in the end . Also the hook is excellent , this was a wise choice for a single , and a great opener , also the skit at the end is funny .5 / 52 . KUSHN N ' PUSHN-things continue nicely with this great song , the beat is amazing . L.T.MOE did a great job with this track , I love the horns in this track . And Kurupt rips this song up with every verse . And to my surprise the one of the two who never got props as a lyricist Daz really shines on this track . Both definitely rip this track to pieces , and L.T.Moe really gave them an excellent instrumental .5 / 53 . SITTIN ON 23Z-now this is n't a fault in the album but it does kinda fall out of place . It really is n't any one 's fault in particular , because Daz & Kurupt both hold it down on the mic , and the hook is tight . But they sound out of place on SWIZZ BEATZ instrumental , which is actually a nice beat , but the styles do n't mesh well together -LSB- at least to me -RSB- . The bad thing is that is supposed to be a single , I really think that Daz & Kurupt 's rhyme scheme would have sounded more natural on this track if it would have been produce by Daz himself . In all honesty though it is an ok song worth bumpin . 4/54 . STOP LYIN-MONEY MIKE is in the house people with a cool intro , then an excellent Battlecat instrumental hits your ears . This smooth production is perfect for cruising , and you know Daz and Kurupt hold it down nicely . This is the kinda stuff I like to hear , this seems like a more natural fit with a west coast producer behind the boards .4.8 / 55 . IT 'S CRACCIN ALL NIGHT-here 's something I thought I would never hear my self saying , `` that joint with DIDDY is hard '' . At first I was a little worried about -LSB- quick to jack an 80 's beat -RSB- Diddy being on this song . Luckily for all that listen -LSB- jack the beat -RSB- Diddy did n't produce this song , a guy by the name of J-DUBS produced this monster of an instrumental . Daz kicks it off with a great verse , followed by Kurupt 's excellent verse . Snoop shares a verse with Diddy and both hold it down , yes that includes Diddy .4.5 / 56 . SLOW YOUR ROLL-finally a SOOPAFLY produced track , and it was worth the wait as he laced an incredible track for Tha Pound to rip to . And of course you know Daz hit the beat perfectly with his verse , but it was Kurupt that stole the show on this track with an incredible flow on his verses , and on the hook . The whole track is great and a nice change of pace because this song sounds like something from their early days .4.8 / 57.HEAVYWEIGHTS-Snoop returns on this track , and helps Tha Pound kick it over a smooth g ` ed up production from RYAN LESLIE . This is the perfect song to kick back to and light up , or just kick it playing a game or something . All three take turns dropping some lines then giving the mic to the other member in line . Although it is a cool song I must say that it seems like -LSB- on this song at least -RSB- that the threesome has lost some chemistry together .4 / 58 . KEEP IT GANGSTA-first off I must say that Soopafly came with heat on this one , his beat is incredible and perfect for Tha Pound . Then Kurupt kicks things off on this excellent track with a nice verse , followed by a good verse from Daz . But it is The Lady of Rage that steals the show on this track with an excellent verse preformed with an amazing flow . I ca n't wait for her album to drop -LSB- if it does -RSB- .4.8 / 59 . HARD ON A - RICK ROCK came with a nice instrumental on this song , kinda feel good feel to it -LSB- did that make sense -RSB- . Each verse from Kurupt , Daz , and the great RBX are nice , and it sounds good to hear Nate Dogg on here but the hook from Snoop is n't that great . Over all this is just your typical song , and we all know the DPG 's are capable of better songs about the opposite sex -LSB- `` Ai n't No Fun '' -RSB- .3 / 510 . IT 'S ALL HOOD-Battlecat returns with more standout production , now this is that West Coast sound I 've been waiting for , Battlecat proves once again that he is one of the best in the game . Daz starts things out with a nice verse ; Snoop throws in an extremely great verse after that . Snoop is followed by Kurupt with another great verse form the Kingpin . Ice Cube is featured on the hook , Cali Iz definitely Active .5 / 511.FAKN-DAVID BANNER is in the house bringing a new sound to the album , and it works out well as both Daz & Kurupt both sound good over the track . Kurupt kicks it off with a great verse followed immediately by Daz , after that Banner holds down the hook . Daz starts out the next verse followed by Young Gotti . David Banner spits the last verse ending the song with a good verse .4.2 / 512 . DO N'T SWEAT IT - the first thing you notice on this track is the tight beat from 1500 , he comes nice with this creeping beat . Snoop kicks the intro off as Daz comes in spiting that dp flow , Diggity comes nice on the verse . Snoop lets lose on a nice hook , followed by the ever talented RBX , who as usual kills it . Kurupt kicks the last verse with a nice flow and good word play . Big Nate Dogg comes threw on all the hooks in the background behind Snoop .4.6 / 513 . MAKE DAT POP-I love the beat on this track , Mr. Bangladesh came with a great beat for this song , I would say this is one of the best sex type songs from the Pound in a while . Daz kicks things off with a great verse followed by a great verse from guest PAUL WALL . From there we have Kurupt dropping another excellent verse , along with Nate on the hook , and a cameo from Snoop this track ends up being one of the best .4.5 / 514 . THROW UP DA C - Soopafly returns to drop a classic instrumental for Kurupt & Daz to ride to . And they easily pull it off on this classic track , with great chemistry trading on and off on the verses , and put forth a great catchy hook . This track is a favorite of mine , and I consider it a classic .5 / 515 . SHE LIKES DAT-JAZZE PHA is in the house ladies and gentlemen , and drops a nice bass driven beat for the DPG to get down on . Like some other songs on this track this one deals with the ladies and sex . Daz kicks it off with a nice verse , followed by Kurupt . The final verse both trade off , and hand in a pretty good track with Snoop on the hook .4.5 / 5These next two tracks are bonus tracks that came on some copies of the album .16 . DO WHAT U WANNA-LT HUTTON drops a nice , nice , nice beat for the Pound on this track . Kurupt kicks it off first , followed by Daz who kinda holds his own better than Kurupt 's verse . They each split the final verse , but other than the beat the best part of this song is the catchy hook by both , great song .5 / 517TAKE YOUR DRAWERS OFF-Jazze Pha returns with excellent production on this track , and he also puts down a very catchy hook . Daz starts it off with an excellent verse , verse two is handled by Kurupt with another excellent verse . Verse three is handled by Pha who does an excellent job , still I love the beat for this track , excellent way to end the album .5 / 5over all this is a very solid album , and while not the classic that `` DOGGFOOD '' is , it is still a very good album . This new album will go down as one of the Pounds best .
 This album in my opinion is pretty dope . Only flaws are the tracks with Paul Walk and David Banner , not that those artists ai n't hot but them and DPG do n't mix . Other than that , the rest of the cd is above average and worth the money . If you like DPG or West Coast rap go pick this up now!TOP TRACKS : Cali Iz ActiveKeep It GangstaSittin ' On 23ZThrowin ' Up Da CIt 's All Hood
 L&aacute;sl&oacute; Lajtha has never received the recognition he obviously deserves . I am not going to claim that his music is on the level of Bart&oacute;k 's , maybe not even Kod&aacute;ly , but he is n't far behind , and his neglect may be more due to political circumstances than anything to do with his music . Besides , Lajtha was , as opposed to the two mentioned , a symphonist - a great symphonist , at that , and the Marco Polo series of his orchestral music is hence a very important one . Stylistically the music will probably appeal to those who like the music of late Debussy , Kod&aacute;ly or Martinu - but it does n't really sound anything like either.The suite for orchestra was compiled from Lajtha 's ballet Lysistrata and could reasonably be said , I suppose , to be in Lajtha 's lighter vein . There is appealing melodic material , but Lajtha is apparently more concerned with atmosphere , textures and sonorities than actually hummable tunes or -LRB- it sounds -RRB- danceable rhythms . It is beautiful , lyrical music , well worth hearing but probably not among his very best works . In memoriam was written in 1941 for the victims of World War II , and is a dramatically passionate and agonizing work - it is a rather harrowing and taxing listening experience , a twenty-minute work where the basic dynamic idea is the depiction of cries of pain and suffering -LRB- fortissimo -RRB- followed by dead silence -LRB- pianissimo -RRB- , but a worthwhile one.The first symphony is more restrained emotionally . In three movements , obviously with inspiration from the classical overture -LRB- but not really remotely neo-classical in content -RRB- , it already displays Lajtha 's excellence as an orchestrator -LRB- to be even further refined over the years -RRB- . It relies on Hungarian folk music , but has touches of a very French type of humor . It is all in all a fine work , although not really among Lajtha 's most memorable symphonies.The P&eacute;cs Symphony Orchestra under Pasquet fortunately plays these works well , and they are very much able to bring out the various sonorities and textures . There is a certain lack of refinement and momentum , though , and the playing is a little rough around the edges - the music is often rather dense , and it does n't help with a sometimes a little heavy-handed playing of it . The sound quality is very good . All in all , this is a recommendable release , but I urge anyone interested in the composer to start with his last two symphonies .
 This album deserves all its critical buzz . It has smart , funny , and overtly sexual lyrics , irreverantly bouncy yet charged guiter and and his drunkenly powerful voice . Theres more to this guy than his trademark shimmery star stickers and an Empire Records cameo -LRB- which is probably where you first heard him , singing on the roof with Renee Zelleweger -RRB- . If you like this cd , check out his 1996 5 song EP `` Half a Rock and Roll Record '' which is great .
 I think Coyote Shivers is one of the coolest singers/songwriters ever . His style is just so differet . You just do n`t hear people like that anymore . A no one does or ever did it as well as Coyote . He is truly one of a kind . And if your smart you will get his CD because it is worth wild . And you will love it , no matter who you are .
 hmm , I love the song SUGAR HIGH its just GREA
 It 's not everyday that you hear real talent transcend musical boundaries by combining craft and traditional styles . This is one of my new favorite guitar CDs and goes well both as background to entertaining or a relaxing day at home , or an afternoon of serious listening .
 This album was formerly released in 1978 by Charisma Records label and it was never re released ever since . The record came out just after Nicholas `` Nik '' Turner left Hawkwind -LRB- in later years he would be in and out of the band several times -RRB- and he is backed , among others , by musicians of Gong like Stiv -LRB- sic -RRB- Hillage -LRB- who produces the album -RRB- , Miquette Giraudy , Mike Howlett and Tim Blake.The record could be tagged as space rock spiced with egyptian mysticism and ethnic touches . At that time Nik was really into Egyptology thanks to his friend the late Barney Bubbles who designed the cover.This CD reproduces the original vinyl LP even with its 18 page booklet but with the addition of a 29 minutes unreleased track called `` Pyramidaflutenik '' . A great opening with thunders and flute gives space to english / arab speeches , driving rock beats mixed with e-guitar and synthesizers , treated voices and so on.You will find touches of Gong -LRB- synths. , tibetan bells , glissando guitar , tabla , sitar -RRB- , late 70 's Hawkwind and canadian based band Melodic Energy Commission but Nik flute playing and treated vocals are pretty well mixed with the rest of the musicians and are THE touch that gives this record its own character . Unfortunately on `` Thoth '' and `` Horus '' there is a dramatic fade just before S Hillage starts one of his own trade mark guitar solos.The extra track is fantastic I just ca n't believe that has been hidden all these years . Nik 's flute parts were recorded in the sarcophagus of the King Chamber of the Great Pyramid of Giza and in fact in the booklet photos Turner in seen resting inside a sarcophagus . `` Pyramidaflutenik '' as an extra track is a must - listen opus of the man that used to hide dope inside his sax while playing with hawkwind in the early days ; maybe Paul Horn works would be a light reference of what you may find here.I do recommend this Cd to all the people who likes Gong , Hawkwind and Melodic Energy Commission . If you get hooked by the nostalgia then go in search of a proper vinyl release but be sure to get the booklet and a mint pressing / condition . I did listen to my own vinyl and I must say this is a Top Quality release .
 William Jackson is on my long list of favorite Celtic performers and this is another great album . Jackson 's composition , `` Land Of Light , '' which won the Song for Scotland competition , is done in 4 versions , each one unique and great listening . Add Mairi MacInnes singing in both Gaelic and English to the playing of Jackson , Tony McManus , Keith Easdale on pipes , Ewen Vernal on bass and Ronnie Goodman 's percussion - all winners . The balance of the numbers have appeared on other albums but make for a great collection with the new `` Land Of Light . ''
 For those of you that do n't already own a copy of `` Everybody Else is Doing it so Why Ca n't We ? '' , buy this album . It 's an excellent piece of music from one of the '90s top bands . For those that already own the original release , save your money . The disc was released in 1992 , not on ... . old analog equipment , so you wo n't be able to tell a difference in the sound quality . The bonus tracks are nice , but not enough to make shelling out the extra money worth it . Hope this helps .
 From start to finish , one of the most emotionally honest albums ever made , and one of my top 5 favorite albums of all time . It 's 1993 and I 'm 18 every time I listen to this CD . Love it .
 As in any other vehicle of expression , the woman in modern pop music was and is pressured to slide into a specific personae
 I remember early 1994 when I first heard the song `` Linger '' . I was impressed by the depth of feeling in a song from a very young -LRB- early 20 's -RRB- Irish rock group . `` Dreams '' as the joyful song of the album , is their other greatest early song . The album comes across as typically Irish
 This CD is a very impressive debut release , I strongly recommend it . Lead singer Delores O'Riordan 's vocals are chilling and awe inspiring , and the band has the power and force to impress anyone . This band is also a tremendous live act , check them out !
 This CD was the Cranberries ' first , and was refreshing even though they deviated little from middle of the road pop . Dolores O'Riordan 's lovely Irish voice , delivered periodically in a grunge style , made this debut album fun to hear . In general the music here is safe , though the lyrics sometimes are not . The Cranberries have a history of choosing sometimes distressing topics for their music . It can sometimes be uncomfortable to confront their world , which seems to be tainted by despair and a variety of angst . `` I Still Do '' is an angst-ridden track , heavy on mellow bass , about someone who is in love , and wants to break it off , even though that person is still in love . The reason for breaking it off is not clear , and it need not be . This song is the generic break up song when you have mixed feelings about the relationship but realize that it is in at least one person 's best interests to end the relationship.We go from the angst of a possibly impossible relationship to the dream relationship in `` Dreams , '' which was featured in `` You 've Got Mail . '' A pretty , fast-paced , song , Dolores tells her significant other that she has given herself to him , and he now has her heart , so please do n't hurt her . She also says that she is amazed by his mind and how caring and understanding he is . The ethereal music with a rock beat I personally find to be very satisfying.We go back to angst again with `` Sunday . '' This time the singer cares for or loves someone , but ca n't seem to make the connection . This situation has happened to me , and I 'll bet it 's happened to many of you . Dolores starts singing this one is a grunge style , slowly . Then the pace picks up and the song attains a solid pop beat . Seems like anything Dolores sings is pretty . `` Pretty '' has throwaway lyrics to vaguely blues-sounding music with heavy bass . Dolores gets to trill her voice in that endearing way . My guess is that the intent of the lyrics is to be there for the sound more than for the meaning . It works ! `` Waltzing Back '' is an angry song . How did these people come back into your life ? They are going to take you away from me . It 's not fair . In the end , there 's nothing she can do about it ; it 's your life . It does n't mean she has to be happy about it.I like the next song . The style of `` Sorry '' makes solid use of Dolores 's ability to hit high notes . This song is combination anger and angst ; she 's upset and angry , but at the same time you sense that she wanted it to work out . She still misses him , but is still angry too . The rock beat in the background punctuates her anger with heavy bass and percussion , and a fast beat . There is a good contrast musically between her bluesy angst laments and her anger.The Cranberries love angst about love . `` Linger '' tells how she saw her significant other with someone else , and communicates the hurt she feels . She wonders why he ca n't just go with her instead of letting her believe that they have any hope of a relationship . This song is all string laments ; solid angst.And the angst just keeps on rolling with `` Wanted . '' A fast-paced song , here Dolores sings about the communication gap between two people , and their ability to understand each other 's needs . Just what is it you want , what are you trying to say ? `` Still Ca n't ... '' starts acoustically , and then takes off with bass and backing drums . Dolores ' sultry voice expresses her anger that her significant other is telling lies about the situation between her and him . He wo n't apologize , he 's laughing about the situation behind her back . I do n't think I 'd want to be the other person in this song . `` I Will Always '' expresses the simple thought that she gives everything of herself to him . He needs to do whatever he will do , and she 'll be there . The music here is slow and mellow , Dolores sings very slowly , mournfully . She still manages to hit the high notes with a grunge flavor , even though it 's not really a grunge song . Grunge blues maybe.I get the feeling that `` How '' is the Cranberries version of `` You 're so Vain , '' which was sung by Carly Simon . The words express how he is self-centered , and he left her alone , at least emotionally , if not physically . Dolores was looking for a closeness that he is n't providing . There is a heavy drum beat in this relatively fast-paced song . `` Put Me Down '' again makes such wonderful use of Dolores 's voice , sultry to start and then going for the high notes . The topic of the song is pretty much like the title says
 When I first heard this album it was many years ago , but even now its still sounds fresh and beautiful . Doris ' voice has a natural beauty about it which shines throughout the entire album and reminds you of a better , more innocent time . Great production , good lyrics and strong support from the other members . On this album , they transcended to a place reserved only for a choice few . A great piece of Art and Music .
 Her voice is so soothing , sweet and real.I love this album .
 Even though their 2nd album is usually thought of as their best , this one is actually my favorite . It seems very genuine , innocent , and `` Pretty '' , much like `` The Sundays '' . It does include `` Linger '' , and possibly their most well known song `` Dreams '' , but I enjoy it for the other tracks even more . I like the moodier songs `` Put Me Down '' , `` Not Sorry '' , and `` I Will Always '' alot more than some of their later pop-rock stuff , though that 's good too . The bonus tracks here are all good , but nothing to buy this twice for . More casual fans might just want `` Stars
 I just can say i love this album for the simple reason it is the first one and never equaled in sound , elegance , quality , essence , delicate sadness and youth . It is incomparable and it deserves to be listen by good and pacient tastes in post XX century pop music.I do recomended . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Well , it may not have a super duper remaster but this is also a very NICE DR13 recording so all the dynamics are spot on . They did n't go and ruin it so I can not fault them there even if it is the same exact thing as the 93 ' release with more tracks . It still sounds pretty damn fine on my hi-fi setup though it could use a fresh pass on the Analogue to Digital convertors of today.The hits like Dreams and Linger are here but most of the other stuff is up to par in comparison . I would give the album as a whole about a 4.3 as it is not remastered but I will give it the whole five rounding up because it is a great album and still sounds good with full dynamic range . They really do n't make albums like this anymore . Come to think of it what exactly do they make anymore ? The late 80s and early 90s produced some of the best bands to ever pick up guitars and then into the 2000s we did n't get a whole lot from of this stuff . Which makes going back to it all the more fun . Songs like Pretty , which seems to want to explode but never does , and others like I Still Do are ethereal rockers and quite beautiful . Sunday is another great track . All in all a very interesting debut and produced by Stephen Street of The Smiths fame to boot .
 Not very often are Albums as perfect as this one is . I have had this CD since it was first released ! It might be one of the few that I have purchades mutiple times ! As anyone who has had CDs stolen can testify , it is a pain to re-buy albums . But I had no problems buying this one a total of -LRB- at least -RRB- three times ! The sound of eveyr song feels perfect . The mood . Dolores O'Riordan , was an excelent addition to the band and ca n't imagine the band any other way ! Linger is still the heart melter and I imagine it will be played for ages to come !
 The Cranberries just plain Rule ! I pretty much buy anything Cranberries . I 'm waiting for some Blue-ray formatted material to come out now ... Pete
 the bonus songs are still worth it if you already have this cd and have considered buying it . I 'd have to say though I 'm pretty darn familiar with being able to tell when a cd has been `` remastered '' or not , and I can honestly say I hear no sound quality difference . One of the easiest ways to tell if a cd has been remastered is when you notice you do n't have to turn the volume up nearly as high to hear the music at louder levels . Uh . . this one 's no different . However , this has always been one of my favorite albums . . I absolutely love it . So ... if you 're in the mood to get this debut album wrapped in cooler packaging , with some bonus songs , it will probably suit your fancy .
 This is a great album of the Cranberries ' but it 's definitely not quite the same caliber as say , No Need to Argue or To the Faithful Departed . In some ways this album seems a lot more shallow , a lot less variety and experimentation , but if that 's more your style of the Cranberries ' songs , you will enjoy this one . The songs are a lot less political and a more limited subject matter is in this CD . Her voice does n't really have the same fluctuating quality from song to song as does in the other two albums I own , and neither is the music better in comparison . I would recommend the other two aforementioned in place of this one , but there are some very good ones , such as `` Sunday '' -LRB- slow beginning , spontaneously upbeat , awesome instrumental of strings -RRB- . I do n't think the Cranberries really let themselves go until their next albums . -LRB- In the midst of all these love-elation-and-despair songs you almost ca n't distinguish the Irish accent until the `` linger '' in Linger is a jarring realization of their heritage , though that 's beside the point . -RRB- Great , but could be better .
 The item arrived quickly & was in good condition . Thank you !!
 Although Marco Polo indicates it nowhere -LRB- other than from the discrepancy between the 1987 recording dates and the 1994 copyright -RRB- , three of these recordings - those conducted by James Lockhart - first originated as a CD from the small French label Cybelia , CY 866 , Le Flem
 Ramser Lewis fans will love this classic collection of his best tunes . He is still best with live performances like the Bohemian Gardens in DC . When we were still in Chicagio we enjoyed seeing Ramsey and the trio at Ravinia , the summer home of the Chicago Symphony . Ramsey was in charge of the Jazz segments of the summer festivals each year . Great trio , great songs , enjoy !
 Wonderful sound quality and we were very pleased at how quickly we received the CD ... Thanks !!!
 one of my favorites ... soul jazz , funky pop , whatever you call it , it 's PARTY MUSIC !
 This CD `` transports '' you to several of the clubs that this virtuoso performed at . It kicks of with a wonderful rendition of `` In Crowd '' which sweeps you into the remainder of the play list . THERE IS NO ESCAPE , and if there were ... who would want to leave ! You can imagine yourself leaning back against the bar as the first strains of `` Hang On Sloopy '' waft through the joint . The patrons get caught up in Lewis ' style and so will you.I invite you to try this CD . You will NOT be disappointed !
 One of the best ... Ramsey Lewis 's famous `` Wade in the Water '' which has been heard in countless film and TV spots truly is one a jazz fan will want in it 's entirety .
 It 's rare that I can find a piece of music that can relax me after a long week and get me grooving at the same time . This CD does it . It also gets my 1 year old son shaking his nappy so strong is the rhythm . Familiar songs given a piano jazz working maybe an ignoramus ' view but that 's what it is . I am amazed this trio were n't hawked to me as part of a back catalogue release sooner . But this proves there are some musical gems yet to be re-released in the noughties . Ramsay , your public needs you - where are you ?
 If you are into this type of jazz -LRB- ala , Gene Harris , Oscar Peterson -RRB- , you got ta love this CD . It is high energy , fun , yet masterfully played . It has an eclectic mix of jazz , blues , and a little funk . There are a couple of live tracks that captures the energy of the audience ... and you can imagine how amazing it must have been to see him live . This is going to go down as one of my favorite CDs next to Gene Harris 's Concord Years , and Oscar Peterson 's Night Train .
 i have an old vinyl of the ramsey lewis trio from college days . it was fun to discover he is still around today -LRB- saw him in concert recently -RRB- & that i can get all kinds of cds of his wonderful music . i love his older music the best .
 I usually frown upon compilations ; however Verve does an excellent job here . If you are a Ramsey fan , this is a nice selection to have in one place . If you are new to Ramsey Lewis , this is a wonderful introduction . I play it over and over . It does n't tire . It 's alive and fresh each listening . As such , I highly recommend this CD . I particularly like the arrangement on `` Wade in the Water . '' It does n't include the Trio line-up of Eldee Young and Redd Holt , but the full orchestration engages and compels another play .
 Often , when I get a compilation CD like this of an artist I like but do n't have many CDs of , I 'm tempted to take note of each song . That did n't happen with this CD , as I just enjoyed it all the way from start to finish and it just felt like one great song after another . It 's a great case of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts , even though there are plenty of classics on this CD .
 This is a splendid collection from a great Jazz piano master who is able to cross over into more popular forms without losing the depth and integrity of his inimitable style . Ramsey Lewis and his wonderful trio are national treasures .
 The product description , the music presented by Ramsey Lewis and the enjoyment received from listening was as good as could ever be expected . I loved it !
 Just thought I would let on that this album has some fantastic airy and hard hitting jazz . I have had this lp for 30 + years , my only complaint is that I have worn it out . I would love to have a clean cd version . I digitized the lp and cleaned off some of the clicks and pops . If you like jazz fussion I think you would like the album . I personaly could n't understand it if pretty much anyone would n't like this music .
 i 've been listning to mem since i was a kid , and i 've really been looking forward to see him make another album . i loved them all , from 1995 to 2001 , but without a doubt . . this is the least `` bluesy '' album he has done so far . It 's quite diffrent from the old albums . I do n't even think Mem sings the word `` Blues '' throw the whole album.i 'm worried that mem might take the same road as Keb Mo ' did , Keb started out with blues albums , then went more and more to pop . and today Keb Mo 's album are simply pop . I 've always been imagening Mem Shannon as the new B.B. King , the guy who will take B.B 's place , so it would break my heart if he does like Keb Mo ' , and leaves the blues behind.I guess my favorite songs are `` Phunkville '' , `` I 'll kiss a pitbull for some of your love '' , `` Battle Ground '' and `` Somebody gon na hit you with an ignant stick '' . I view `` Elenour Rigby '' as in memory of Ray . I look at it that way , but there is no mentioning of Ray Charles anywhere.But i miss Mem style protest songs like `` S.U.V '' , `` Wrong People In Charge '' , complaint songs like `` Payin ' My Dues '' , `` who are they ? '' . . you know . . the blues . down to earth . fun songs like `` my baby has been watching TV '' , `` do n't talk about my mama ! '' . i ca n't connect to the songs on this album . it 's a distance . mem 's other albums are closer more familiar friends of mine . i do n't feel to home around this jazz stuff.i guess i expected more `` down to earth '' , `` real life '' , `` familiar '' tunes . Like Mem has done before . Legendary bluesman Ray Charles recently passed away , and Mem does a tribute to golfplayer Tiger Woods . What ? What 's happening brother ? I just do n't get it.anyway , it 's a good album . great music . it 's no way similar to Keb Mo pop music . I 've been playing it for days now . very enjoyable . My favorite young bluesman - Mem Shannon . -LRB- in blues , middleage is young . and also if you 're married to Cher - i know , i stole that joke from Chris Rock -RRB- MEM SHANNON LADIES AND GENTLEMEN !!! Real music . Great music . -LRB- But i do miss the blues . . i ca n't connect to this album like Mem 's previous albums -RRB-
 Mem 's not leaving the blues behind . He 's taking them somewhere else ! And the blues need to be taken elsewhere . Mr. Shannon is the best thing that 's ever happened to contemporary blues . He 's left all the stale cliches behind and taken a fresh approach . Mem has an abundance of talent and intelligence and he puts it to good use writing fresh lyrics relevant to the times . He 's also one hell of a guitar player ! From the gorgeous nylon string solo -LRB- how many other blues guitarists play a classical guitar ? -RRB- on The Lights Of Caracas , to the ultra funky and inventive playing on We Going , Mem sounds inspired ! He plays with a beautiful clean tone which is refreshing to these ears . Mem does n't just play blues guitar licks like many unimaginative players , he plays music . There is much to like on this release as well as all of Mem 's cds . If you 've grown tired of the same ` ol blues , pick up a Mem Shannon cd . You 'll be revitalized !
 Fan 's of traditional LA/MS blues such as Slim Harpo , Robert Pete Williams , and Johnny Shines etc. . Should get this disc . There 's more piano on this disc than the artists mentioned above , and that 's a GOOD THING . I lived in the Delta and this is the stuff they play down there , despite what the record companys feed you . This is the REAL DEAL ! Take a trip to the Juke Joint/Crawfish House from your own home ...
 I simply love Henry 's piano.With only a drummer -LRB- who seemed to want to be heard last on these recordings -RRB- his vibrant voice is really superb throughout.Although we have heard these tunes before these renderings are really top class.Unfortunately there are some Zydeco type tracks on this CD hence the title.I would have preferred this being a Henry Gray with drummer only CD with more tracks.That would have been something!I do like Zydeco but not together on a CD with Henry Gray !
 I am listening to this right now . I bought it for Henry Gray . Mr.Gray is downhome . You have to like solid blues , his left hand isstraight boogie woogie , right hand Chicago after Big Maceo . I have been playing for 10 years now and this will be a solid addition to my collection of Maceo , Pinetop Perkins , Little Brother Montgomery , and Leroy Carr all my favorites . His voice is strong and clear and his songs good straighforward blues.The other guy on the album is Rudi Richard . He does guitar like somebody who is stuck in 1950 . Sort of like a primitive Buddy Holly or Ventures . Not real creative but solid . I would give this album a ***** if it was just Henry Gray . All and all its good for dancing and like early rock and roll .
 It is hard to believe that anyone who enjoys the Romantic era would be debating whether or not Raff fell into one school of music or another . That might be interesting as an historical footnote explaining why he was not popular after his death , but as a listener , this symphony is simply excellent , and the concluding movement contains a rather jovial theme . I 'd recommend it .
 This entire album is great ! In particular , `` The Chant of the Islands '' is a breathtaking song . Its what paradise sounds like.Do yourself a favor and purchase this album .
 Best polynesian music i 've heard . Beautiful words and even more beautiful music .
 Heard his music in Hawaii , awesome performer . The Hawaiiian Music company service was fast and corrct . Love their envelopes !
 I 'm a big fan of his music that I have heard on the radio , and could n't decide on which albums to buy . This was a great intro to him for me since it has a lot of his music that I like and has opened the doors for me to buy more of his music .
 When I first heard the opening bars of `` When A Man Loves A Woman '' the hairs on the back of my neck stood up and I got cold chills . This is simply the greatest love song in R&B / Soul ever . And when you put `` Take Time to Know Her '' together with it , even the feminists can listen happy . The years have not changed the great Percy and he is at his peak on this CD . Get it .
 I appreciate that the songs in this cd still had the deep and thick voice of Percy Sledge - some others try to make him sound like the late 60s to late70s when some people tried to make others sound cheap and thin to cover their own lack of talent . Percy asked me to sing When A Man Loves A Woman in a recording studio . I did but I thought that my way was too sweet and no real soul like Percy 's recording . Million dollar contract for the one single by me but real heart and soul won-Percy 's heart and soul is always a winner to me . .
 I found Back of the Moon , while surfing around on the internet . I loved `` Lumsden 's Rant '' when I heard the . mp3 -LRB- on their record label website -RRB- so I ordered their new album , Luminosity.I love their use of the piano and guitar along with the traditional fiddle and pipes . The album has a nice balance of vocals and instrumentals . Some of the arrangements are very traditional and some have jazz overtones . When I found their website yesterday I realized they had just been in Austin , TX in February promoting themselves for a USA tour at the Folk Alliance . I hope they get back here . I will go hear them.If you like folk music , this is a lot of fun .
 We saw Back of the Moon in Cumberland , RI -LRB- May , 2007 -RRB- and bought Luminosity on the spot ! If I had had more cash on me I would have bought all 3 CDs . They are very talented musicians with a traditional Scottish bent . We tlaked to them after the show & realized that they do n't just play this great music , they live it . BOTM - Please come back to RI -- and everyone else - buy their CDs !
 L&aacute;szl&oacute; Lajtha has never received the recognition he obviously deserves . I am not going to claim that his music is on the level of Bart&oacute;k 's , maybe not even Kod&aacute;ly 's , but he is n't far behind , and his neglect may be more due to political circumstances than anything to do with his music . Besides , Lajtha was , as opposed to the two mentioned composers , a symphonist - a great symphonist , at that ; probably Hungary 's greatest symphonist ever . The Marco Polo series of his orchestral music is hence a very important one . Stylistically the music will probably appeal to those who like the music of late Debussy , Kod&aacute;ly or Martinu - but it does n't really sound anything like any of them.The second symphony is , in contrast to the first , a somber , serious piece , recalling Lajtha 's experiences in World War One . The work is in three movements , two slow ones framing a remarkable , fantastically sounding fast movement . All the movements are built on the same motif , but what is really impressive is Lajtha 's handling of it , in particular in terms of providing it with remarkable varied colors and orchestral textures -LRB- in particular , the inventive use of the piano should be mentioned -RRB- . The large-scale Variations , dating from 1948 , is based on music Lajtha wrote for a movie on the murder of Thomas Beckett - that is , it was written as a self-standing concert piece , on which the film music was based . It is , in itself , a remarkable piece , full of inventive touches -LRB- again , in particular in the orchestration -RRB- . The P&eacute;cs Symphony Orchestra under Pasquet plays these works very well , and they are very much able to bring out the various sonorities and textures . There is a certain lack of refinement and momentum , though , and the playing is a little rough around the edges - the music is often rather dense , and it does n't help with a sometimes a little heavy-handed playing of it . The sound quality is very good . All in all , this is a very recommendable release , though . Apparently the Variations were recorded by Boult many years ago - wonder if that one still exists somewhere ?
 As the lead singer/guitarist for this once defunct yet newly resurrected rock band I find that this album is a great bargin . When you put it in your cd player it plays one song after the other with hardly any skipping . The singing is phenomenal . I made hardly any mistakes . Regrets , I have a few
 Nice review Kyle - that sums things up nicely . This short lived combo that fused the talents of Wood Circle with the world of Boil pretty much rocked hard in their day , and made a proud effort to distort and open the minds of the overly hippie nature of Boone . This album rocks . Long Live Wolfy
 Out of the transcendentally proletarian wilds of Boone , North Carolina , came a warble of protest against the forces that demand indignation , request lobotomization and generally put us in a tizzy when we have to get up in the morning . This album sounds as if Bob the Subgenius , inbued in the ether of a bottle of good corn , and freshly inspired by Jesco White , The Dancing Outlaw , was busy stealing glances from under Creedle 's codpiece , and liked what they saw . Out of the ashes of scarecore greasers Boil and Victorian harpsichord masters ' RPM limped the Husbians , on a mission to trick as many seventeen year-old freshmen into untold horrors as humanly possible . Great things have arisen out of this sentiment , and like Lazarus before them , their breath may have not been so decent , but damn if they did n't try to squelch the stench with enough spirits to bring down Hannibal 's army , -LRB- including the elephants -RRB- . Let 's just say they liked to get into the cups . And thank god for it b ! ecause they left more than one impressionable young college student reeling from the taste of passionate shared experience that lingered between their cheek and gum , and gave them a reason to brave fierce wintery gusts . Gave them a purpose to slam into the person next to them , exploding out into a sleepy college town night , electric , steaming , and alive . The album kind of sounds like that .
 How someone could such a muddled piece of work as this and make it as justifiably artistic as they did is utterly bizzare.On the outset , 1/2 Gentleman/Not Beasts is a pounding anti-rock assualt , so anti-rock that it might actually be considered anti-music , by some . Rather than having actual inclinations some might use with music , such as , key or tempo , Jad Fair and the gang make this highly expressive piece of avant-post-punk . It ` s simply astonishing how great something so bizarrely primitive manages to be . Most percussion sounds like someone just pounding away , hardly worrying about any sort of beat . Guitars are jagged , and through waves of blungeoning , tuneless scrapping.However , some great songs manage to worm their way through the racket , such as `` I Love Oriental Girls `` , `` Patti Smith `` , `` Dream Date , and `` Shy Around Girls `` . While the music does work well through these individual songs , the album is most effective played straight through , as one whole long piece of pounding avant-rock . So go ahead , go clean your house , or drive to work , or do anything , and let the noise of Half Japanese carry you on ... do n`t try sleeping to it , though . I doubt that will work .
 Art tatums finest hour is a collection consisting of 19 tracks that spanned his career from the mid 1930 til the mid 1950 's The tracks mostly solos but there are a couple of group performances . Quite a few tracks are very rare , Stormy weather.Get happy , Rosetta . The recordings vary in quality some are quite clear and other have significant hiss behind them . But hey these are some of the only recordings of early Art tatum . The tracks in which Art solos are as expected extraordinary . He 's in rare form on standards like gone with the wind , Tea for two and too marvelous for words . This record mainly consists of many of Tatum 's most played songs What I 've come to appreciate listening to the music of Art tatum is regardless of how many time I hear him play Sweet Lorraine , begin the beguine or Jitterbug Waltz they always sound amazing and different . And i have quite a few tatum recordings . Overalll this Cd is a must have for Art tatum collectors . I 'd give it 5 stars but because many of songs can be found elsewhere -LRB- although they 'll be different versions -RRB- and the sound quality may turn off some . First time Tatumites might want to go with the 20th century piano genius which is just as good but has better sound quality . Full fledged Tatumites should grab this one up along with the essential God is in the house .
 My first time listening to Art Tatum . Great Music . Deserves better rating . -LRB- the sound quality did n't bother me much , but I also do n't care too much about it -RRB-
 Art Tatum 's playing on this album is truly amazing . It displays his virtuosity on almost all tracks . With long , running lines , and fast technical playing , Tatum is truly a genius . However , the sound quality really turned me off when I was first listening to the record . Its hard to not notice the fuzz , and if I feel that the record deserves a 4.5 , nothing lower , which is why I rated it a 5 .
 I purchased this on a whim a few days ago . I am very glad I chose to do so . This is my first time listening to Art Tatum and I am awestruck by his exquisite piano . `` Gone With The Wind '' is absolutely enchanting . As is `` Deep Purple . `` I agree with the previous review that the quality on some tracks is lacking but the excellent music has a way of making you forget it .
 Gloria is the best latin artist of all times . no doubt about it . This CD is the first `` Disco '' Rithm album that Gloria has recorded , but never forgetting about her Salsa ! It has a lot of surprises in it , the fusion is amazing ! `` Heaven 's what I feel '' is one of the nicest songs of the Album , and got ta tell ya , that 's exactly what I felt when I first listened to it
