 WOW ! I am more than pleased with this album . It is just a breath of fresh , good , clean pop music . So many artists `` sell out '' , but Clay seems like the kind of star who will only get better with time and will stay true to his roots . The songs are outstanding and I especially like the cover of the Darren Hayes ' song `` When You Say You Love Me . '' It is nice to hear a song written by a favorite of mine and then performed by a favorite of mine . Just wonderful ! I ca n't wait to hear more from the man who definitely measures up to one !!!
 Wow . . Love this CD . . Im listening to it right now!Love it ! Love it !! Love it !!! There is NOT one song I want to skip or anything like that . . I give this CD of Our Man Clay . .10 Stars :D and an A + + + + + + + + + Amazing !! Best CD I have EVER bought !! 100 % !!
 You know I really had no idea what direction the record label would take Clay . I was THRILLED when I heard the new CD . This is truly a great pop cd . I actually love ALL of the new songs . On all cd 's there are 2 or 3 good songs and the rest I skip . Not on this cd . This cd is solid . The songs vary in style and mood but still come together to make this a solid product . Clay and RCA worked together and the finished product is really amazing . Worth every dollar , and that is rare .
 If this is Vanilla . I Love Vanilla . The only thing better than listening to this CD , is experiencing Clay in Concert . I loved `` The Way '' from the very first listen , very pretty . Every song is good . `` Touch '' is very romantic -LRB- my favorite -RRB- . `` Invisible '' , very catchy . Clay is such a breath of fresh air , talented , excellent role model , extremely cute -LRB- sorry I could n't help but notice -RRB- . You ca n't compare him to other artists out there because he is simply in a class of his own . RCA ... Hurry up and record some more Clay . My Opinion ... Smash Hit Out of the BallPark GrandSlam !!
 Yes , I 've been a fan of Clay Aiken 's since his initial appearances on American Idol . What is so outstanding about Clay is his ideology - he completely understands his audience . The interpretation and selection of songs is wonderful . Clay has such a God-given talent how can the world not pay attention ?
 A CD I can listen to without skipping ANY songs . I like them all . True , this is not much of a departure from what we would expect from the AI2 Clay Aiken , but this is only the beginning of a long and successful recording/performing career for Clay . Many of us have been disenfranchised for so long from the music industry . Is the industry paying attention ? Have they heard us loud enough ? We want soul and beauty back in music . We want someone who is n't spewing filth and profanity to our children . And we want someone who has a conscience beyond making money . Clay has answered all those requests . This was money well spent ... my favorite is `` The Way '' . Ca n't wait to hear Clay on movie soundtracks and see him in solo tours .
 In a recent Time magazine article , the words `` Clay Aiken '' and `` revolution '' were paired together , and for good reason . For many , Aiken is a breath of fresh air in a Top 40 music scene filled with hypersexual lyrics and hits that rely more on a hot baseline than a fine voice . His powerful pipes and sensitive geek boy personae have women of all ages swooning and music industry bigwigs -LRB- even at his label , RCA -RRB- scratching their heads . If his album sells as well as many of his fans predict , he may signal a sea change in the pop music scene . As a beleaguered music industry turns its eyes to `` Measure of a Man '' 's -LRB- MoaM -RRB- sales numbers , eager fans and pop music aficionados digest Aiken 's first offering . The verdict of this pop music fan ? Great , but I 'd like to see more.Clive Davis and company have rounded up an impressive cadre of pop writers , including Desmond Child , Enrique Iglesias , and Chris Braide . However , the album is a predictable collection of syrupy-sweet paint-by-numbers love songs , many of which RCA probably could have pulled out of old adult contemporary playbooks instead of going through all the trouble of hiring writers . The emotional and artistic range of MoaM , by his own admission , is no stretch for Aiken -LRB- and perhaps , is the safe play in order to keep his American Idol audience -RRB- . That said , there are moments on MoaM that hint at Aiken 's untapped potential and raise hopes for Aiken 's sophomore effort . `` The Way , '' a love ballad that has the potential to be one of the most-used first dance songs of the next year , is a standout . The track is extremely radio-friendly , catchy and allows Aiken to showcase his ability to caress the listener with his voice one moment , then knock them out with his explosiveness the next.The up-tempo track , `` When You Say You Love Me , '' is a pleasant surprise and a nice departure -LRB- inasmuch as anything on this CD can be termed a `` departure '' -RRB- for Aiken . Aiken manages to infuse the peppy beat with his signature shy-guy tenderness making for a nice juxtaposition and a welcome change of pace on the album . `` Run to Me , '' is vintage Aiken . The soaring refrain allows Aiken to showcase his prowess as a power belter . Aiken 's considerable gifts in this regard more than make up for the well-worn sentiments of the lyrics . `` Invisible , '' Aiken 's first single is another up-tempo track with a catchy hook . The sometimes laughable and sometimes creepy lyrics are easily skimmed by Aiken 's easy , natural delivery , rendering them harmless.The biggest surprise of the CD is its title track , `` Measure of a Man , '' originally slated to be cut from the CD but included -LRB- and made the album 's title -RRB- at Aiken 's request . At first listen , it 's apparent why this was set to be cut - its tone and style are a little out of pace with the rest of the album . However , it 's very clear to the listener that this cut was close to Aiken 's heart . Although Aiken does a fine job emoting his way through the rest of the album , this is the cut that sounds like Aiken truly felt the lyric . Although `` Measure of Man '' 's melody allows for plenty of power belting , Aiken 's performance is restrained and nuanced to great effect . It 's this performance that promises more impressive efforts in the future - when Aiken , even if just for a moment , stops trying to bowl us over with his powerful voice and lets him -LRB- and us -RRB- get swept up in the music.Aiken operates best in front on a live audience , so some of his natural charisma and vocal power is lost in the recording studio . One hopes that in his next effort , Aiken 's producers will strike a better balance between the unvarnished but magnetic voice that many American Idol viewers fell in love with and the overprocessed vox that often surfaces on this CD . Aiken could also stand to acquire a more sophisticated producer , one who 's willing to push Aiken to perform songs whose sentiments are more complicated and more adult . Certainly , Aiken will never depart from his squeaky-clean crooner personae , but he 's certainly capable -LRB- both artistically and ethically -RRB- of better than the typical broken heart/unrequited longing showcased in MoaM . Once he does that , he 'll bring to fruition what MoaM may begin
 The Measure of a Man album exceeds my expectations . It 's too bad the critics do not see this album for what it is . Sure we all want to hear Clay sing the `` oldies '' and show off the full power of his voice , but that will come in time . First he needs to establish himself as a pop/rock star and Measure of a Man is the first giant step toward accomplishing that goal . Every track on the album is ear candy . Shine , The Way , Perfect Day and the title song are potential classics . Clay Aiken will be around for a long time and I 'm thrilled beyond words with Clay 's first album .
 Clay 's debut cd is a fine first effort . However , it would have been a steller debut had more of the songs sounded a little more different from each other . At first listen it was hard to know when one ended and one started . Also , I was hoping for at least one roof shattering over-the-top showcase for that powerful voice of his . The single `` Invisible '' is a great pop song that deserves to be heard on radio , but I think mainstream radio may not embrace it due to the current hip hop domination and there is not a rap artist to be found . AC radio should add it without hesitation though . With all that said , this cd is definately worth a listen . He has a great future .
 Clay is by far one of the best singers I have ever heard . His voice is so pure and effortless . I 've listened to the cd from start to finish at least 10 times now and it only gets better each time I hear it . ` The Way ' is the stand-out song for me . Way to go Clay !
 beautiful , heartfelt , and the best voice in the world ... this cd is absolutly amazing and your right 5 starts is far from enough . . clay aiken , he finally came along and showed everyone what real music and talent is about.Im so glad that i can listen to his music , and its not like the junk you hear on the radio from people who cant sing.BEAUTIFUL there are no other words to explain it : -RRB- WE LOVE YOU CLAY !
 I thought Clay Aiken was extremely talented on American Idol , but this man has an unbelievable voice and has evolved to the point where he now KNOWS just how to use it to perfection . This CD is truly an example of that ! There are some really upbeat songs that I am totally overwhelmed by , like `` Touch '' , `` When You Say You Love Me '' , `` The Way '' , and of course `` Invisible '' . I have difficulty choosing a favorite , so I 'm grateful all songs are on one CD because I 'd go broke buying them all individually.This was indeed a great purchase ! Absolutely love it !!!
 Clay Aiken is absolutely amazing !!!! His voice melts your heart , a must buy for everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I listen to this cd last night , and I have to say that I think its very good , especially for a first full CD . Mr. Aiken could sing my grocery list and I would be in heaven . Yes , there were a couple of songs which did n't immediately hit me , but with a couple of listens under my belt I enjoyed the heck out of this CD . I say - congratulations MR. AIKEN !!! And remember you ca n't please all the people all the time , and who would want to ? Stay true to yourself , your beliefs and I have no doubt you will go as far as you want to .
 I truly enjoyed this CD . Yes ... it does n't have the oldies ... no covers . But that is a good thing or they would be screaming he is only a cover boy . I want him to sing new music that distances himself from AI . He is forging his own path with his own material . The songs ... like UM and Solitaire when they were first released were new songs ... now decades and years latter they are classics ... but first someone had to do them and introduce them ... and when that happened they were pop songs then considered fluff ... oh my . . a Carpenter 's song kind of thing.We look back differently now . I can see some of these songs being looked back on in the same way by the current teens of today when they are middle aged like we are and the ones who were teens when BOTW and Solitaire were first first released.This CD is bridging the gap between the current music scene and what he was on AI ... he is growing as a performer . He is n't just what he was on AI ... and he is n't the current music scene either . He is Clay . He is n't just Broadway sound ... he is n't just his demos ... he is what he is on that CD . No one stay static as a artist and Clay is n't doing that either ... he is growing.I hear versatality on this CD ... sort of like Solitaire and Buttercup ... you have the WYSYLM ... and you have MOAM ... two totally different songs in emotional pull and feeling . You have the latin Touch ... where you feel like dancing ... and thudding . You have Shine and Perfect Day that just make me smile because I hear his soul singing . And The Way ... oh the Way makes me grin . The glory notes are there ... in I Will Carry You and ISY ... but it is n't the only thing in the song . It shows all facets of Clay 's range and control in his singing.Happy ? Yes . I can see why they did n't include Solitaire ... and I truly wanted it ... but it just really did n't fit into the rythmn of the album at all . I really do n't miss it when I listen to this album.I can hear Clay 's voice in here ... the techno things were touches here and there ... I love how on some of the songs I hear Clay in background vocals and then soaring in the main verse ... going in and out like a round ... The caliber of song writing is not up to the standards of songs like Stairway to Heaven and others ... but ... at the same time the songs Clay has on his CD are good within the confines of the songs on the radio today .
 I have never bought an album where ever single song on it was so good . I believe any one of these songs could be a # 1 hit . It 's nice to buy an album and have such quality on it . There are no words for me to describe how I feel about this CD , but if you like good quality music the whole family can listen too , then this is a must have . And of course the voice is awsome .
 I love Clay and have since I first saw him on American Idol . What I mean by `` love '' is that I love his voice , his personality , his stage presence , and , I think most importantly , his values . His album is a good , solid first effort . But -LRB- and I hate to say `` but '' -RRB- it 's missing something . It 's definitely well produced , and his voice is beautiful as always . But I think what 's lacking is in the songwriting . Alot of the songs sounded the same to me , and they were n't as different as I thought they would be to what we 've been hearing in mainstream pop for the last several years . I will defintely listen to the album , especially during my work day . But I think Clay 's team can do better for him next time around . And , where the heck was `` Solitaire '' ?! I had heard it was going to be on the album , and was looking forward to hearing the long version , but it was nowhere to be found . : - -LRB-
 Clay did a great job with this cd . It 's a splendid debut album . I think most people will enjoy it , I sure did !!!
 I ca n't explain why Clay Aiken has sent so many people into a frenzy . All I can say is the minute I heard him sing at his audition on American Idol , he had me hooked . The more I saw of him , the more I fell in love w / everything that is Clay Aiken . This could not have happened to a better person.On to the Album : EVERY TRACK is wonderful ! This is one of those albums where there 's not a bad track on it.The title track Measure of a Man brings tears to your eyes . Songs like The Way and Touch make me smile and give a hug to my wonderful man . Lots of ballads , a couple upbeat songs , overall a great addition to AC radio and by far the best thing to come out of RCA in a long time.I recommend this to anyone who enjoys hearing great singing and songs that the whole family can enjoy !
 I was really surprised by this cd . I have been a Clay fan from the start and it 's great to see him grow as an artist . Normally I will buy a CD and end up liking only one song off of it , but there was n't anything I did n't like here . I literally got chills from some of these songs ! Clay truly is an american idol .
 Clay 's Measure of a Man is fantastic !! It was worth the 4 month wait ! All of the songs can and should be hits . . not just `` INVISIBLE . '' He truly is a gift to all , not only for his voice but what he stands for . His innate goodness shows through song after song .
 This cd is way higher than my expectations ! I ca n't quit listening to it ! Clay 's voice shines through , there 's no overproduction ... it 's just Clay . And that 's what we all fell in love with ! I 'd recommend this cd to my best friend , little sister , or my grandmother ! Definitely something for all ages !
 Clay Aiken 's debut CD is no surprise , but that 's a good thing . His golden voice soars through 12 radio-friendly pop nuggets penned by the likes of Desmond Child , Aldo Nova , Enrique Iglesias , and Danielle Brisebois . Stand out tracks include
 One of the best cds i have heard in a long time . Far surpasses his AI2 performances . This is one cd that is consistently excellent material throughout . I 'd recommend this cd to anyone !
 Clayton has hit a homerun with his debut CD , Measure of a Man ! What an outstanding voice and what a refreshing change in themusic industry . Finally , someone has come along to sing the songs that we can listen to with our children , and not be ashamed at what they might hear . Finally , an artist who is not afraid to stand up to the record producers and lets them know that he will not record anything that he would n't want his own children to hear . Finally , a musical CD that we can sing along with . Thank you , Clayton for an outstanding CD !
 BUY IT AND SEE FOR YOURSELF
 As always , Clay once again gave me goosebumps all over when I heard his beautiful voice . He is the true `` American Idol '' and a few trivial votes were nothing in comparison to the outstanding sales he has generated in with both his single and the new album . I ran to the store yesterday during my lunch hour just to make sure it was not sold out the first day . To my relief - there were 3 copies left on the wall ! Congratulations Clay and RCA for a fabulous pop album . I ca n't wait for the second one to be released , and of course for the tour to start in 2004 .
 Did I mention GREAT ? Clay does such a wonderful job on this album !! I love it !!! All of the songs are so well sung , and the music is GREAT !!! I am so happy , I will be buying more for Christmas Presents for my friend and my kids teachers !! My 8 year old daughter loves Clay and she wants her own cd and poster !!!! Thank you so much Clay !!!!
 I have listened to Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken three times and have not skipped any of the songs . I do n't think that I have EVER done that with a CD . It is very enjoyable and he did a terrific job for his first time out and I am looking forward to future CD 's because I know they will only get better with experience . I am reserving one star for later when hopefully RCA lets Clay be Clay !
 I absolutely love Clay Aiken 's voice and his ability to sing many styles of songs . This album did not disappoint ! It was highly anticipated and in the first listen I found it to be very emotional while still being stright-forward in its pop style . It 's hard to pick my favorites but Invisible , Run To Me , The Way , and This Is The Night are exceptional . Anyone wanting a good CD that is safe to be enjoyed by the whole family and still have a great contemporary edge will not be disappointed .
 This album is AMAZING !!! Every single track is so good . I try to think of one that 's my favorite and I just ca n't decide . And it 's not a tie between two or three songs , it 's a tie between all twelve of them . Clay 's voice is absolutely fantastic , and the songs are wonderful . He does something with his voice in every song that makes me want to scream out loud , cry , smile , and melt , all at the same time . And I 'm so grateful to Clay for keeping it clean . I love to support this guy . He is such a good man , and he has an amazing talent . Too bad there are n't more people out there like him . Buy this album . You wo n't be disappointed !!!
 I bought the cd , i am a 20 year old straigt male , and i love his music , finally a cd with morals and good songs ! Clay great job selecting the songs . This album is incredible .
 This is definitely my favorite CD , period . Clay has an absolutely astounding voice , and the lyrics on each song on the CD are both touching and honest . A Southerner myself , I can appreciate Clay 's fresh , new singing and instead of being a cliche boy bander , Clay is an original unlike any other .
 I am so amazed with this Carolina Cooner . His voice touches my heart and soul . The songs are beautiful and so refreshing after all the trash that 's out now.I love all of the songs but touch is a beautiful love song.I ca n't really say which is my favorite , they are all wonderful . RCA thanks and please give us more of CLAY SOON .
 I often buy Cds . In almost all cases I will skip over a few songs that do n't appeal to me . This is the first cd in a very long time that I can actually say I like all of them . Even though this cd is considered all `` pop '' it has a continuity to it that does n't happen very often . Each track is unique . There is an easy flow within this album , yet you get the feeling that each song is different.I honestly ca n't tell you which song I like best ... I think that is a matter of personal opinion . For a debut album I feel this one will appeal to many for various reasons . I do n't think you will be disappointed ...
 I must have listened to this cd maybe 5 times already . I am finding the songs are memorable . The lyrics are simple , very easy to memorize and the tunes are catchy . My 3 year old has already memorized half the songs . Anyway , we enjoy listening to this cd and singing along to it as well . If you like Clay you will definitely like this album . He sings his heart out .
 Hooks you the first playing but gets better and better each time I play it . I longed for some of the old ballads made better by Aiken 's outstanding vocal range , but the originals on this CD are good and prove that there is a well deserved music career life for Clay long after the American Idol glow wears thin . The words of many of these songs -LRB- and yes , you can understand them without a song sheet -RRB- are poetic and are delivered with Clay 's one of a kind voice to make them memorable . Favorites of the CD are Invisible , I Will Carry You , No More Sad Songs , and Shine .
 I liked this cd very much but I feel Clay is capable of much more . . He has a great tenor voice that should n't be over shadowed with so much instrumentals in the background . . Clay has a true gift and I hate to see RCA mess up with this young star.Can ' t the music industry try to produce a cd with Clay 's deep tenor voice as the highlight ?
 Let 's face it , no matter who the artist is , people will love it no matter what -LRB- as I do -RRB- and others will hate it . People can praise it or trash it . In the end , it 's up to the individual to make up your own mind about this CD or any other . All the greats have been criticized at one time or another . I may not agree , but this is America and everyone is entitled to their own opinion and they 're entitled to express that opinion .
 what is he , ike 13 ? this cd is great ! pure great pop music . makes you wan na go and slow dance with a beautiful girl . half the songs can be classics .
 THANK YOU , CLAY ! This CD is simply incredible ! Everything a Clay fan could expect and so much more ! Clay certainly has put his heart and soul into this project and it shines through in each and every song . I know this album will be a huge success for Clay and all I can say is CONGRATULATIONS CLAY !
 The first time I listened to this CD , I was a little disappointed because it was n't really the same type of thing that Clay was doing on American Idol . I 've listened to it non-stop despite this fact , and I have to admit it - I love it ! There are some really cool songs . I love upbeat `` Invisible . '' `` No More Sad Songs '' is probably one of my favorites , it reminds me of a powerful Paul McCartney ballad . If you have the McCartney CD , ` Flaming Pie ' and enjoyed it , this seems kinda similar , but DEFINITELY more powerful and something you will not get sick of as fast ! I also like the fact that there are songs that you can relate to that avoid negative images that the record companies try to impose on us as listeners . We can always trust Clay to only give us what he knows we REALLY want . THANK YOU CLAY !
 It is difficult for me to put into words how amazing this cd really is . Clay has covered all the bases , and there is something for everyone . His voice is incredible , the new pop sound is so radio friendly , and I could n't be more pleased . My husband summed it up when he said he could finally understand every word of a song , and has asked for a cd for HIS car . There were no losers here . I even detected a glory note or two ! I so hope many of these tracks make it to the radio , so more people can hear what we hear .
 I am blown away by this CD . Clay is awesome and there is not one bad song on this CD . Makes you want to dance , sing and fall in love all over again . The music is wonderful and the Voice is incredible . I love THE WAY and WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME is just awesome . I ca n't make up my mind which song I like most , they are all wonderful . I knew the CD would be good but this exceeded my expectations . Fantastic job , very well done . Clay has shown that he can sing any style of music and come out a winner . I ca n't wait for the next release and wonder how they will top this one . This yong man can only get better and better . Thank you RCA for such a great product . Thank you Clay for putting your heart and soul into this for all of us to enjoy .
 Forget those bad critics ' reviews . This cd is awesome . It 's trendy without being too overly-commercial . The songs are great , and for once it 's nice to have a pop album out there that 's not all about who 's sleeping with who and all that stuff . The songs have some powerful meanings behind them and were well chosen . -LRB- For example , ' I Will Carry You ' , ` Shine ' , ` Measure of a Man ' , ` When You Say You Love Me ' -LRB- my personal favorite . :-RRB- -RRB- It may not show off his voice as much as American Idol did , but considering that he still is more talented than other artist out there and has already more than proven himself on American Idol , it does n't pose much of a problem . :-RRB- I think this cd was well done . Buy it and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Clay Aiken is indeed America 's Idol , regardless of the outcome of the American Idol TV show . Everybody knows CLAY AIKEN actually won the competition , and his records sales , fan base , and popularity prove it . Clay Aiken is extremely talented and has proven that he is able to do a whole lot more in the entertainment industry and education industry than the other Idol contestants combined . Clay Aiken 's amazing and incredible voice shines on this magnificent CD . The songs are very entertaining and exciting to hear . I am a music major , and I believe that the great songs on this CD and Clay Aiken 's spectacular voice make this CD the best CD by a debut artist ever . CLAY AIKEN is the ultimate Idol and ultimate singer and ultimate entertainer and so much more . Idol Found . . Game Over
 -LRB- Brief intro
 Just wonderful ! Buy it for yourself and for gifts for others !!
 I bought MOAM the day it came out and was a bit anxious because I was disappointed with the production of Bridge Over Trouble Waters . I wanted this full album to capture Clay Aiken 's rich , gorgeous voice . My initial reaction was good but not great ; some of the songs seemed too similar upon initial listening , the full range of his voice seemed underutilized . Pretty quickly , however , my enjoyement grew and the the individuality of each song emerged . I am giving the album 5 stars because six months later it is the only CD that has not been removed from the changer . And I have bought quite a bit of music since from artists including the Blue Man Group , Jack Johnson , Holly Cole , Lyle Lovett , Norah Jones , Tom Petty , Venus Hum , Darden Smith , etc. . I have yet to tire of MOAM which is unusual for me after all this time . Initial favorites such as `` Run to Me '' remain but I have new ones now such as `` I Will Survive You '' and `` Perfect Day . '' If you enjoy gorgeous voices buy this album but play it a few times before making any judgements . I think you 'll find it hard to resist .
 Do n't shy away because of American Idol , this fellow has real talent . Bought the CD early on and initally found the songs a little weak . However , the unique quality of Clay 's voice shines through and you just want to play it over and over . Highly recommend .
 If I could give this CD more than 5 stars , I would . In my opinion , it is the best CD of 2003 . In fact , it might just be the best CD EVER ! I listen to it all the time , and almost feel guilty when I take it out of my CD player and replace it with another CD . I am being completely honest when I tell you that this is the ONLY CD I have ever owned in which I do n't have to skip a single song ! Every single song is amazing . I loved Clay during American Idol also , but even if you did n't watch American Idol , do n't let that sway your decision . I think you will still love this CD . My best friend is not an AI fan , and really did n't even know who Clay Aiken was , but I made her listen to his CD , and the first time through it she was completely hooked!My favorite songs on the CD are Invisible , I Will Carry You , The Way , When You Say You Love Me , Run to Me , Shine , I Survived You , This is the Night , Perfect Day , and Measure of a Man ... ok I just listed almost every song on the CD . Like I said , the entire CD is simply amazing ! Clay 's beautiful voice is so refreshing , and always brings a smile to my face . If you do n't already have this CD , GO GET IT ASAP !! I promise you will not be disappointed !
 Clay is the revolution we have all been waiting for . With the slow dimishment of good music , this CD allows talent to exist in this appearance obsessed nation . His voice is unbelievably versatile , and any one who has listened to the CD would agree with me . Not only did Clay sing the lead vocals , he also sang some of the background vocals . Clay has the ability to sing from all ranges , which is a skill that is rarely seen nowadays . Anyone who would call Clay a bad or even an average singer must be ignorant . In that circumstance , I could truely say that ignorance is not bliss because these ignorant people are missing out on a rarity that only comes around once in a lifetime . The only problem with the CD is that the material could have been better . I 'm not saying that the material is bad , because it is excellent , but I know that some of the songs could have been greatly improved with a greater variety in musical instruments -LRB- the violin would be great -RRB- and possibly the exposure of other emotions rather than the commonly used positive ones . Another problem with the CD is it does n't completely showcase Clay 's wide range . The high notes in his songs were cut short , even though these high notes are amazing . The low notes , which he definitely can hit , were slightly ignored on the CD . I 'm glad that Clay was discovered , even if it was on a talent show , because he definitely has the talent that could amaze people of all ages.Here is my brief summary of the songs : In stopping myself from being too repetitive , I will just say that Clay 's vocals are excellent in all the songs .1 . Invisible
 I think that this is probally the best CD I have ever heard . I dont care what the other critics say , Clay has AMAZING talent and I 'm glad that he is doing SO well . I think that my favorite song on the album is `` MEASURE OF A MAN '' . I liked this song because he sings it like he actually means what he is saying -LRB- and I 'm sure he does -RRB- . I also like it because it is just so different from the rest of the songs on the CD and that makes it really unique and fun to listen to . I think that my least favorite song on the CD is `` WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME '' . Clay seems to me like a slow song or somewhat up-tempo kinda guy , he does n't seem like a somewhat fast song kinda guy and `` WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME '' is a somewhat fast song . It really is a great song , but it 's NOT Clay . Overall the CD was GREAT and I would reccomend it to everyone . There is something in the CD for EVERYONE !!! I 'd give it 7 stars out of 5 , if I could !!!!!
 This is the best cd I have ever heard ! I love Run To Me , This Is The Night , and Measure Of A Man The Best , but all of them are really great !
 WOW !!!! Excellent cd , I LOVE all of the songs ! My favorites are The Way , Invisible , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , and Touch !!!
 Clay is so talented ... makes you wonder why certain reviewers -LRB- read Cranky 's review -RRB- feel the need to pick on him . Must be jealous , I guess . Also , Cranky , the spelling is Idol , not Idle . Anyway , buy this CD and just enjoy listening to Clay 's great voice . Millions of his fans ca n't be wrong . I know I will be a fan of his for the rest of my life .
 I just received this CD and must say that it certainly Measures Up to my expectations . It 's all I thought it would be and then some ! Each and every song is EXCELLENT and it 's hard to pick favorites -- so I 'll just tell you that they are all my favorites !! You can sing along to each and every song and you never get tired of listening to it over and over again . Putting earphones on makes the listening even better !! You will not be disappointed in purchasing this CD , in fact purchase several and share this gifted young man with your friends and family . Clay Aiken and RCA deserve awards for such a great job . I ca n't wait for the next CD !!
 I love all the songs on this album and that is saying a lot for me because I am very critical of much of the music that is out there these days . Clay sang his heart out on these songs and I especially liked The Way and I Will Carry You . I hope some of the other songs besides Invisible get some airplay . Love that Clay ... my American Idol .
 This is my second review of Measure of A Man , and I can not get enought of hearing it . Seems the more you listen , the more you want to listen . You get to hear differnt things in the music and Clays fantastic voice the more you really listen.Still a refreshing change from the ususal stuff out there , some I do like . This CD makes you really want more . Pure pop/rock and really listenable -LRB- if thats a word -RRB- . Can not wait until his next cd . It will go triple platinum !!
 I 've never written a review online before , but I feel compelled for this amazing debut CD . I have read several `` professional '' reviews , each giving Measure of a Man a `` C '' rating . Very , very unfair review of Clay 's wonderful talent . I have listened to the entire CD several times over over the past week , and it just keeps getting better -- the only reason for the 4 star rating rather than a 5 is the overproduction of a few of the songs -- I wished I had the option to turn down the instrumental parts a bit so Clay 's voice would shine even more.My hope is that Clay will do an accoustic CD , piano and or accoustic guitar -- the best part of each of the numbers on Measure of a Man is the way that Clay performs the lyrics.He is an amazing talent , one of the best new ones in my estimation to come along in a long time . Congratulations Clay on an awesome , playable , upbeat , thoughtful and beautiful debut CD.I am also not a `` Claymate '' per se , being a 51 year old woman with eclectic musical tastes -- Dave Matthews Band , Matchbox 20 , Indigo Girls , Incubus , Pearl Jam , Bruce Springfield , Barenaked Ladies , John Hiatt , Dar Williams , Patty Griffin , Sheryl Crow , Pete Yorn AND Clay Aiken .
 It seems as though everytime I listen to Measure of a man -LRB- MOAM -RRB- It feels like i 'm listening to it for the very first time . For me , that 's something that can happen once every blue moon . Being as though not to many artists can do that today . Now you may be thinking , she 's just another delusional fan . I 'm not . It baffles me that someone can say when he sings he has no feeling . You feel what he feels . It 's like he 's been the lyrics in which he is singing . Almost like he 's expierianced it already . Even though he has n't . Another thing , For the people who are still whining about Clay getting more attention than Ruben - It 's over ! Goodnes Gracious . They are leading their OWN careers . It 's no longer a competition . You see Clay everywhere , it 's true you do . Millions of people listen and promote and buy his music . It 's no surprise he 's everywhere . Ruben has not even experianced a fraction of the success Clay has . Just give it up already . Come back to reality.Now back to the album . Anyone and everyone can relate to ONE song on the album . EVERYONE . Every song has meaning and feeling and so much depth . It 's literally amazing.If your tired of the music you hear today , then buy this album . It 's a great gift and such an amazing album . You will not be dissapointed . I can guarantee . Thank you for taking the time to read this review . I hope this will help you for future referance.Love , Kristy
 This CD just keeps selling -- why -- because word of mouth to friends and family and , of course , tv appearances all validate the beauty of `` The VOICE '' . Material is a little weak , but the voice is beautiful and more than makes up for that . The songs grow on you and , if you like romantic feel good music , you 'll love them from the beginning . Only CD I own that I like all the tracks and that retains a spot in my CD player . Again , highly recommend .
 I have to listen to this CD each and everyday because it is so special . I love Clay 's voice and the songs are easy to listen to . He has such a powerful , beautiful voice and can he ever hold the notes ! After seeing him in concert , I ca n't wait to see what he does for his next CD !! You wo n't regret purchasing this CD !
 This is my FAVORITE cd ! Clay is totally awesome and the songs are just wonderful ! It does n't matter if youre 5 or 95 , I 'm sure that you will love this CD . He is the best that came out of American Idol so far and he will go a long way ! I love ALL the songs ! They really say something and are meaningful . This will be the best purchase you make and if its a gift , it will be a gift that keeps on giving everytime they smile listening to this CD !
 I purchased this CD when it was first released and have n't stoppped playing it yet . The only CD I have had in a long time that I enjoy all the tracks . But most of all I just enjoy listening to that distinctive and beautiful voice . Highly recommend it to those of you who like feel good romantic music sung by a true artist . Had a chance to see the concert and he 's even better in person -- so nice to see someone whose voice needs no technical doctoring . Looking forward to the release of his next single . Hey Claymates do n't forget to see the video on MTV TRL and go on line and vote to make it # 1 again ... real music is back , yeah !
 I have been a fan of Clay Aiken 's since the finale of AI2 and was anxiously waiting to pick up his new CD . His voice is all that I remembered from the show and more . A range of song styles from the uptempto Touch -LRB- awesome -RRB- and Invisible to the soaring power ballads like Run to Me and I will Carry you , offer a listening experience that is sure to please almost anyone . At the base of it all is that awesome voice that is so amazing . This is one CD I ca n't see myself getting tired of listening to . Excellent Debut .
 Clay Aiken and the team at RCA have outdone themselves with this album . It is the most enjoyable Pop album I have ever listened to . This music and Clays voice cover every good emotion one can think of . The arrangements are superb and Clay 's voice -- well I just ca n't find enough wonderful adjectives to describe how I feel about it.In my opinion this is an album where you do n't want to skip any of the songtracks but will want to listen to them all over and over.Bravo Clay -- Your `` Measure Of A Man ' certainy measures up . I wish you all of the success that you might wish for yourself , and if this album is any example -- that success is guaranteed .
 I 'm in HEAVEN listening to this VOICE . I bought Measure of a Man at Midnight at Media Play in Duluth GA. . My Amazon Order is being shipped , but I could n't wait to hear all 12 songs . Invisable was the first song , one I have heard from the summer tours and have been singing ever since . I though I would love that best , then the next song started playing ... and so on . I think all the songs on this album could be number one billboard hits on their own strengths . Wonderful job ! I will have to carefully carry this CD to my car , to my office and back home again until my Amazon order shows up . I highly recommend this album . Life just does n't get better than this .
 I love all of Clay Aiken 's Music . I do n't understand why he did n't win American Idol since he sold quicker than Ruben and I believe he made more sales too . I love his voice and it 's magnificantly captivating from the first word of every song . I 'm trying out for American Idol this year and hopefully I can live at least half way up to him if I get on ! I love this CD . : -RRB-
 With 2003 came the angelic voice of a pure raw talent . This southern crooner can definitely move your heart and soul with every word he sings . I have loved music all my life including a little of everything from the 60s clear to now and no one can move me over and over again like Clay Aiken . He has proven that music can span across all boundaries to join fans both young and old alike . If you have not yet bought this album it is a definite must have for any music collection .
 I took this cd over to my niece who is very ill and she just smiled and smiled . This is the best music to come along in decades . Thank you Clay Aiken for finally giving us `` real '' music to listen to .
 Clay is so good and think he will get better as he matures . . hope he can hang on to the celebrity and not the ego ... upset because his CD jammed my player in my car - and will cost me about $ 500 to get it fixed ... not happy about that one !
 I 'm from Melbourne Australia and first heard Invisible on the radio -LRB- on the US top 40 -RRB- and fell inlove with the song . Recently -LRB- through Amazon.com -RRB- I 've finally gotten around to purchasing measure of a man . Boy was I plesantly surprised at how good his voice is and how good the songs are -LRB- each and every one -RRB- , he sours and dips and takes you on a journey I will retake again and again . Definately take the chance on this CD !
 I absolutely LOVE this CD !!! I listen to it everyday . Clay Aiken 's voice gives me chills . This debut CD is the best pop music CD by a male musical artist that I have ever heard . This CD rocks my world , and it will rock your world too !!!
 Do n't get me wrong ; Clay has an AMAZING voice . There 's a reason this guy was # 2 on American Idol . But his songwriters need a shot of creativity . His lyrics , though heartfelt I 'm sure , are about the same generic topics that every pop star sings about
 In Measure of a Man , Clay has shown the more pop side of his vocal ability . The songs for the most part have highly memorable lyrics and melodies . After one or two hearings , you 'll find yourself singing them , even ones that may not have stood out the first few listenings . `` Invisible '' and `` Perfect Day '' have a rock edge , while `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' are the two that grabbed me with their somewhat-80 's sound . Some of the lyrics are cheesy , but what album does n't contain at least one song with cheesy-lyrics . Clay 's voice definitely shines , regardless of the similarity of some of the material . This is a great album to listen to when you 're stuck in traffic , since Clay 's vocals have a soothing effect . The mixing could be better . I 'd definitely give the vocals on the album a 5 , but the cheese factor and mixing on a few songs lowers it to 4 .
 The best I 've heard in years . . ca n't wait for his new single to come out .
 I 've never been so taken with a voice in all my 37 years on this earth ! I could listen to Clay all day . He has such a soothing , pleasant voice . This is literally the first CD I have bought for myself in 10 years ! Buy this CD ! You wo n't regret it !
 Five stars for Clay , three stars for the producers who chose his material , thus it gets four stars . This guy can sing ANYTHING and sound totally original and breathtaking every time . He will be as big as Sony -LRB- is that who produced this ? -RRB- let 's him be . There are two hits on here
 Please do n't write off this album after just one listen . Sometimes songs jump out at you and become your favorites right away and sometimes it takes a few listens to really `` hear '' the songs . In the past , Clay 's singing has been criticized as too Broadway . This album will prove that Clay has the talent and skill to do different genres of music . I would n't limit Clay to the Adult Contemporary section . Songs like `` When You Say You Love Me , '' `` Shine , '' and `` Perfect Day '' can fit into Modern Rock/Alternative radio stations . -LRB- `` When You Say You Love Me '' is pretty much like a Savage Garden song with Clay on vocals . He adds a bit of country to the Savage Garden sound . Darren Hayes , from Savage Garden , is one of the co-writers of the song , I hope he approves of Clay 's rendition of the song . -RRB- Trying to place the song `` Touch '' into a category is difficult , because it sounds like a song from another decade . The songs on his debut album are new , but some sound like classic hits from the '70s or '80s . I mean that as a compliment . It 's like the songs are familiar somehow , even though they 're new . They already feel like old favorites , classic favorites . An example is the song `` Run to Me . '' I believe that these songs can transcend music genre labels and , hopefully , transcend time . Clay made a great choice with the album title , because the song `` Measure of a Man '' truly exemplifies Clay Aiken . My favorite part of the song is near the end -LRB- around 2 minutes and 52 seconds into the song -RRB- . Some people might have seen him perform this part of the song on the Diane Sawyer interview . All you romantics out there , check out this album . You 'll find yourself singing along to Clay and wishing that you could see him in concert singing these songs to you/for you .
 Clay 's first endeavour is refreshingly simple and utterly romantic . True , there 's nothing grounbreaking or particularly extraordinary about it -LRB- other than Clay 's gorgeous voice , of course -RRB- , but that 's okay . Clay sings each song with earnest conviction , heartfelt honesty and a complete lack of pretentiousness , for which I am very grateful . There 's something here for just about everyone . Please do n't let the critics dissuade you . Go ahead and buy it ! You wo n't regret it .
 I do not watch American Idol . I feel way to much of it is staged and fake . I also find the judges to be very annoying . I am an avid radio listener and the other day I was listening when a song came on that I did not know . The song was `` Invisible '' by Clay Aiken . I could n't believe the pipes on this young man . He has great range and a powerful clear voice . I then drove and bought the cd and all I can say is wow.If you love Clay Aiken you 'll love the cd . He has some great other tracks beiseds the hit single `` Invisible . '' `` The Way '' is another song I like a lot . `` This is the Night '' is another fantastic song . Most of his songs are love songs and that could come off as a turn off to some , but I do n't see how.We live in a world where music is dominated by sex and explicit lyrics . Clay Aiken is anything but that . He reminds me a lot of Barry Manilow except I honestly think he 's better . His songs might not be as great as some of Barry 's but he blows him away as far as potenial and abilities.I love Clay Aiken and I love this CD . It 's definetly a must own for anyone . Sure like I said earlier most of the songs are love ballads , but they are all good songs . It 's music you can play around anyone and anyone can like it . My parents and grandparents both enjoy it . This is a must own . It 's the number 1 album in america two weeks and running and it 's easy to see why . Do n't miss out on this young star .
 I absolutely love this CD . Every single song is so wonderful and full of strong emotions . I listen to it at home , in my car and at my work place and never get tired of it . I have a hard time listening to anything else now that I have heard the Measure of a Man CD .
 This album is good , very good , and I 've listened to it alot in the past couple of days . This young man has a beautiful voice and it comes across in this album . I especially love the song `` Measure of a Man '' it 's beautifully done . As I said this album is good , but I 'm looking forward to more work done by this amazing talent . Since the first time I heard this voice on American Idol , I knew he had something special . For the record I 'm a 40 something woman who appreciates great music .
 I enjoyed watching the 2nd season of American Idol partly because of the more talented contestants compared to the 1st season . Clay is definately the most talented in my opinion . He really has a unique style of his own and should of beat out Studdard , who is a great singer too , but mimics to much of the Barry White style . Clay also seems to be a morally good decent person , in great contrast to most singers out there today . The CD is definately great , and gets better after each hearing . Every song is fantastic and masterfully sung . In my honest opinion , a lot of songs in this album could of been a better first single release then `` Invisible '' . A great debut album which is now on my personal favorite list of CDs . I see a bright future for Clay , and hopefully my vision becomes reality .
 This CD shows exactly why Clay Aiken should have been crowned the new American Idol . Simply excellent !
 I just got my cd today and I love it . I think it has something for everyone . The songs are beautiful just listen to the song Measure of a Man and you will see what I am talking about.Clay is a breath of fresh air , as I am sick and tired of not being able to listen to the radio or buy cd 's where it is not littered with filth . I love the fact that Clay is taking a stand against this kind of garbage being fed to our kids .
 This album really shows the talent that Clay Aiken really has and has done his fans proud . His vocal range in this album is incredible and I am really happy for him . . I wish him the best of luck and hope that he continues to do well in his career . . I would love for him to put out a single of Neil Sedaka 's song Solitare . .
 this one I play all day-in the car , kitchen bedroom , while shopping , ironing and walking . It 's a wonderful soundtrack to my day .
 No skippers on this cd ! I want to listen to every single song -- each one is better than the next ! This has got to be one of the best cd 's I 've heard in a very long time . I hope this is just the first of many cd 's in my Clay Aiken collection . I 'm very impressed .
 I love his CD , there are so many different sounds to it . I ca n't quit listening to it . He is so incredible . I ca n't wait for his next CD .
 First let me qualify myself here . I watched American Idol and while I liked Clay , he was not my favorite . That being said , I am pleasantly surprised by his first CD . For some reason , I expected something different , perhaps more covers . But the CD is full of fresh , new tunes that really do showcase Clay 's amazing instrument.After having listened to this several times , I already have my favorites . I love `` Shine . '' It has a `` Beatle-like '' feel to it and it 's my favorite on the album . I also really like `` Touch . `` I suspect that some of his fans may be disappointed . The music has far more of an edge to it that we are used to hearing from Clay and it bears little resemblance to the pap that he was forced to perform on the show . So much was said about his doing ballads that I expected the CD to be slow and plodding . But it is upbeat and different.It 's time for Clay to put some distance between himself and American Idol . This CD will sell -LRB- it would have sold if he just talked for an hour ! -RRB- and I predict he will break some records with this . The trick is in the follow-up and stepping it up another notch . He is also going to have to develop a thick skin because the naysayers are already attacking and some of the reviews of this have been downright mean.A year ago , Clay Aiken was known only to his friends , family and the kids he worked with . Today he is known internationally . I say keep at it Clay and thanks for being the kind of guy you are . As a fan of American Idol , I am proud of you . Let 's hope the non-fans can appreciate him as well .
 I have to say I was expecting a lot worse . Critics of Clay Aiken say that he is either Broadway or vanilla , but I find him to be neither . What do some jaded and ignorant so called music critics know anyway ? He 's definitely different from what 's out there today . Believe it or not , this is actually great stuff . He 's a skinny white guy with a lot of soul . He does also have the ability to power sing . In this cd , he balances himself without going over the top . In fact , he balances himself a little too well . He 's not really able to let loose with his voice . When he hits a high note you soar along with him . There 's a lot of variety on his cd . You get mid tempo power ballads -LRB- Perfect Day , Measure of a Man -RRB- , country style songs -LRB- When You Say You Love Me -RRB- , uptempo pop beats -LRB- Invisible , No More Sad Songs , I Survived You -RRB- , and even a peppy latin flavored song -LRB- Touch -RRB- .
 I have been waiting anxiously for this album since American Idol ended . I went the day it came out to get it , and was so pleased by the album . Clay has such a sensational voice , and I have been craving a Male vocalist for such a long time . I think Clay has proven with everything he did on American Idol , to his amazing sales for his first single , that he is here to stay and is going to have longevity in the music industry .
 Clay 's CD has everything one could want . A stunningly beautiful voice , great lyrics , great songs . Clay 's voice is highly recognizable when listening and does bring emotion and life to each song . You can play his CD over and over again . My favs are Invisible , I will carry you , The way , This is the night , Measure of a man , etc , etc. . All the songs `` Shine '' . I will never get tired of listening to this , and ca n't wait to see what is in store for us later . Everyone should buy his CD . You wo n't be dissapointed !!! Clay - a beautiful voice , a beautiful talent , a truly beautiful man .
 Heaven just gave us a perfect voice . I honestly ca n't stop listening to Clay 's CD . Every time I hear that voice a smile comes on my face automatically . It 's about time someone gave us an album that dos n't have lyrics that are offensive , mean spirited or embarassing to listen to . This is the first CD I have bought in years that is n't replacing an old album in my collection , and I have n't bought any simply because there was n't any new artist worth listening to . Thank you Clay for giving us something worth spending our money on . Ca n't wait for what 's next .
 I can see as many as 5 to 6 songs to be certified hits.I must admit that a large portion of the album carries unmistakable British influence . INVISIBLE is an Irish hit but a chart buster when sung by Clay . NO MORE SAD SONGS may have roots in Elton 's songbook but stands on its own for defiant message probably to his bio-father . SHINE is with me all day long with its hunting Lennon-like melody and interesting passages -LRB- Symphony without a sound -RRB- . RUN TO ME with shades of Quinn puts me in a strange mood while PERFECT DAY brings me back to the best days of Paul McCartney.What impressed me the most that the album was basically recorded in London in about a week 's time . While albums of others may require constant refinements , enhancement , collaborations etc. . Clay 's needed none of that . That alone is a testament to Clay 's extra ordinary abilities.What is more amazing that Clay can enhance the quality of any song even if a song may not be to everyone 's liking . He could probably sing the Bible and make it an international hit . I could just imagine what he could do with new songs written by the likes of Sedaka , Paul Anka , McCartney and others.I 've been at this for a longer while and have not seen a talent of Clay 's caliber . So IMO Clay `` Buddy '' you 've GOT IT .
 This CD is absolutely the best arrangement of songs that I have ever heard ! Each time you listen to it you love it even more . Each time I listen to another song , I think that this one is my favorite until I hear the next song . Sure , I 'd like to hear his vocal artistry range , but this is his debut album . He will make dozens and dozens of albums in the future that will showcase his artistry . I highly recommend this CD to EVERYBODY ! You will not be disappointed ! You can not just listen to it once and then put it on the shelf . You need to listen to it over and over again and savor it to appreciate the masterpiece that it is .
 I bought the CD knowing I 'd like some of the songs but I like them all ! It is a wonderful first collection for a powerful singer and a really nice guy . I would recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys good music .
 What an incredible voice . I thought his voice was much better than Ruben 's and he would win in the long run . There is no question now . The CD is the only one I listen to right now and every song is excellent and some really quite emotional . I hope he can sustain this level on whatever he does in the future . Thank you , Clay . I have n't found a male singer worth listening to for a long time .
 This CD is so much better than I thought it would be . In all the songs Clay 's voice is as sweet and as pure as it was during `` American Idol '' . The lyrics are great and Although there are no up-tempo songs , the mid-tempo ones are fun and catchy enough . `` Run to Me '' will have you crying because it 's the sweetest song in the world . `` Shine '' is insanely catchy and `` Invisible '' is the best song in the whoel world . The entire CD is just so good , I could die !
 Clay 's CD went double platnum the first week - that really says something about it ! I bought this CD the day it came out and i love it ! Invisible is an awesome song . . and it is something different for Clay 's voice . The Way is another one of my favorite songs ... This is the Night is still one of the best songs on the CD even though i always heard it on the radioa million times . I also like Perfect Day and Touch alot . But my absolute favorite song is Measure of a Man ! This song sends shivers up your spine . . from Clays breathtaking voice . Wow ! I just about named all the songs . . but thats because they all rock . . My only complaint
 I admit it it -- I 'm a clay Aiken fan . But nothing prepared me for how much I was going to like this cd . He is able to tap into every human emotion . Love songs like `` The Way '' make me absolutely melt . The cover song , Measure of a Man , in addition to being brilliantly sung , shows us the characteristics every woman wants in her man . `` Touch '' -- great beat for dancing -- but the smooth sensual song lyrics will appeal to all ages . Clay projects so much emotion into every song he sings . It 's amazing that somone so young can sing with such depth of feeling .
 There are really no words to describe how wonderful Clay Aiken 's debut CD is . Every song is memorable and the lyrics are awesome . So nice to hear music that you can actually underword the words . Best CD of the year !
 Clay Aiken is , quite simply , everything a pop vocalist should be ! Not since the incomparable Michael Bolton have I EVER heard anyone infuse their music with such an exquisite blend of power , honesty , vulnerability and sensitivity ! Measure of a Man is the album Clay was born to make , and is a my top contender for Album of the Year ! Given his flawless interpretive skills , with every heartfelt lyric , listeners are truly transported to another place . `` Run to Me , '' `` I Survived You , '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' are PERFECT examples of this . Like Bolton , Aiken has an AMAZING instinct for what songs fit his voice , an ability that takes some singers years to acquire . More power to Clay for being able to exercise that ability so early in what I know will be a lifelong career !
 This CD is so so so ... AWESOME ! I LOVE IT ! I could listen to it over and over again and never get sick of it . I love all of the songs he makes every song sound so good . Clay is the best and such a great role model . Whenever I see him or listen to his songs I feel so much more happy just to see his happiness . He shows so much feeling and emotion when he sings . He truly is an amazing singer and person !
 Besides being a very talented vocalist , Clay Aiken shows he is versatile and in-tune with today 's music . This easy-on-the-ears music will make you get up and dance or reminisce with a smile on your face . I can honestly say there is n't a song I do not like , and this artist will be around for a long time to come .
 This CD is the best ! I purchased it today at a local store , and I have listened to it 4 times already . All the songs on this CD are awesome . Clay has the best voice that I have heard in a long time . I LOVE YOU CLAY !!!!!!
 Clay Aiken 's debut album is absolutely amazing . The ballads , the faster-paced songs , but more importantly - that voice ! Songs such as Perfect Day , No More Sad Song , Shine , When You Say You Love Me are all catchy and perfect to crank up in the car and sing with . Invisible and Touch are Top 40 hits that people will be able to dance to . And Measure of a Man and especially The Way are amazingly beautiful ballads . I do n't know what it is that Clay has that makes so many of us sit up and pay attention . Whatever it is -LRB- voice ? looks ? personality ? charm ? -RRB- , he has IT to make it in the music business . This young man is something special and I ca n't wait to see his career soar .
 This is an awesome debut album . Every song is better than the next . This CD is a must have ! Order your CD today . Clay is bigger and better than American Idol . He is the new king of pop !
 I could n't wait for Clay 's first CD to arrive , and I 'm not disappointed ! I love this amazing man with the incredible voice . A great listen from beginning to end .
 When you 're truly looking forward to a CD being released , you can build your hopes up so high that you feel let down when you finally hear it . My expectations for this album were not met - they were exceeded !! Every time I think my love and respect for Clay ca n't possibly grow any further , that 's exactly what happens . The one thing that probably stands out most about this CD is its ability to make you totally unable to choose a favorite song ... they are all so INCREDIBLE ! In true Clay style , he goes above and beyond `` the bar , '' putting all of his efforts into a creation that does his fans oh , so proud .
 This is pure pop . I love a good pop album . This voice and some angst are present - but happy fun tunes abound . He did take a latin tune in TOUCH . Beatles homages abound in SHINE and PERFECT DAY . Good songs and great voice are present.This singer is a force to be reckoned with!Bravo , Clay
 Measure of a Man is n't a typical CD , in my opinion . Clay can sing very well , and strong background music is n't needed to cover up anything . The lyrics are clean , beautiful , and well-thought out . I think the CD is brilliant - a very nice change to the usual stuff that comes out .
 This CD is not only the best album that I have ever owned but it is the first album that I have loved every song . Clay has gone above and beyond the call to make his fans and himself happy with such a awesome and respectable piece of work ! All I can say is `` BRAVO , Clay '' .
 This is definitely one of the greatest CDs I own ! This man has such a phenominal voice that is perfect for the songs on the CD . There is n't one song that I do n't like . And the songs are n't just lame fluffy songs , they have meaning that many people can relate to , and that 's in addition to being sung so well !!
 At long last , a cd to make me enjoy true music again . Clay Aiken 's voice is as pure as I have ever heard . The ballads are beautiful and the up tempo songs will have you singing along and humming them to yourself all day long . This is a style of music that has n't been visited in years . It is nice to hear it again and to see it out there for a whole new generation of music fans .
 Even if you are not a fan , try this cd ... and do n't just skim through it , really listen . The Way is absolutely beautiful , When You Say You Love Me is upbeat and catchy , my favorite is Touch . This song will definitely be a hit . If for no other reason , buy the cd just to hear this song . Incredible voice , incredible cd .
 I highly anticipated this album and and was pleased , but not suprised to find it refreshing and moving . Clay Aiken delivers his songs with emotion and beauty leaving the listener wanting more . This album will not disappoint . I bought 2 !
 My husband and I just love this CD and it really is music of true love and romance.We just love his voice and his classy style , He 's an artist who follows his own style and not just to follow the rest of the crowd ... A truly remarkable CD ,
 This album is amazing ! It has something for everyone ! Clay has an amazing voice with wonderful versatility . This is a definite contender for album of the year !
 This album is amazing ! It has something for everyone ! Clay has an amazing voice with wonderful versatility . This is a definite contender for album of the year !
 This cd in one word is AWESOME ! Well , actually , one word is n't enough to describe it . It is awesome , beautiful , originial , perfect , just a pleasure . Even my 14 month old sister loves it :-RRB- -LRB- Well , I always did say that kid was a genious :-RRB- -RRB- I bet Simon Cowell is eating his words right now . He criticized Clay and built up Ruben and Clay has a platinum single and Ruben 's has done mediocre at best . Clay will have the longevity of Elton John , Billy Joel , Dean Martin , etc and go down in music history . He is a brillant man . Not only is his singing simply brillant , he is also sexy , and has a killer personality . His past has made him into the strong , wonderful man he is today and that shows in his music . Ha ha ha Simon ! Clay will be a legend -LRB- well , he already is -RRB- when Simon is n't even a fleeting memory.All the songs are perfect , but my favorites are , well , all of them , but Perfect Day and Measure of a Man are my top favorites . I am so happy for Clay and wish him the very best of luck . May he always remain the grounded , wonderful man he is .
 The CD is unbelievable ! I ca n't pick a favorite . They are all so great . Every single song is radio worthy . I wo n't be skipping any when I listen to this CD . You will be getting your money 's worth . Well written songs , great vocals , variety of sounds and tempos . Some really surprised me , like Touch .
 I was a little nervous when I heard the album samples on about.com a few months back because the mixes were horrible there . I was so happy to be able to hear Clay 's pure voice on this CD rather than some of the synthesizing I heard on the samples . Some tracks are definatley stronger than others , but that 's the case with every CD I own . My favorite tracks are `` Invisible '' `` I Will Carry You '' `` Run To Me '' `` Perfect Day '' `` Measure of a Man '' and `` Touch '' The thing about Clay is , he makes me like music I do n't normally listen to -LRB- I usually like Alternative Rock -RRB- . He seems to do that for a lot of people because of his pure voice and ability to connect to the songs .
 WOW !! This cd is outstanding from start to finish ! Every song is great ! I ca n't even pick one song that i really do n't care for . Good job Clay ... your first cd is worth 5 STARS . Buy this today !
 Wow - Clay Aiken 's debut CD is great . This is nothing like what he sang on American Idol . Many of the songs have an 80s feel to them and a bit of a rock edge . In addition to Clay 's powerful voice , all of these songs are catchy and powerful . From catchy pop tunes like `` Invisible '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' to slow love ballads like `` Run to Me '' and `` The Way '' to Beatles-esque rocked out tunes like `` Perfect Day '' , `` Shine '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' , this CD is a must-have . My favourite CD of 2003 !
 I knew Clays first album was going to be great . But this is far better than I had even imagined . His songs are so well sang , with having such meaning in each and every one of them . I really love `` When You say You Love Me '' , & `` The Way '' just tears at the heart . He should dedicate `` I Survived You '' to Simon Cowell , Every word in that song fits just how Simon treated him during & after the show . Now it 's Clay who has the last laugh . And `` Measure Of A Man '' is a fantastic song with such deep feelings . Then Last there is `` Invisable '' , the happy , up beat song , thats sets the whole album even , with sad , emotional , bubbly and carefree songs.Its the greatest
 In all the year 's that I 've been an avid music fan , I have rarely heard an album that touched me the way this album did . Clay 's voice is amazing . He sang all the wonderfully written songs with passion and beauty . From the beautiful `` The Way '' to the fun , uptempo `` Touch '' , this album completely satisfied me ! I loved EVERY SINGLE SONG on the album and it is a very RARE thing to be able to say this - even when you buy an album from one of your favorite artists . I played this album for 3 coworkers who had never seen AI or even heard Clay before . They all went out and bought the album ! Buy it , you wo n't be disappointed !
 The CD was everyting that I was expecting and more . Not only do the songs have a great vocalist but the lyrics and music are great as well . The songs are upbeat with just a bit of a pop/rock edge to them . This is not a bubble gum CD nor is it ballady as some people have claimed . Most of the songs have a great beat to them , I found myself moving to the music . There are only a couple of songs that I would classify as ballads and even they have a great beat to them ! Even if you are not a Claymate at heart , if you enjoy great music that is free from obscene and vulgar language , if you like music that has great lyrics and a good pop sound , I highly recommend that you give this album a listen . This is the best CD that I have heard in a long time .
 Wow - Clay Aiken 's debut CD is great . This is nothing like what he sang on American Idol . Many of the songs have an 80s feel to them and a bit of a rock edge . In addition to Clay 's powerful voice , all of these songs are catchy and powerful . From catchy pop tunes like `` Invisible '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' to slow love ballads like `` Run to Me '' and `` The Way '' to Beatles-esque rocked out tunes like `` Perfect Day '' , `` Shine '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' , this CD is a must-have . My favourite CD of 2003 !
 This cd has a wide variety of meaningful songs sung by a guy with an amazingly powerful voice . Clay can really belt out a note . He sings his heart out , literally . I am impressed that he recorded such a wonderful cd in such a short period of time . I do recommend this cd .
 Clay 's CD is absolutely ... I do n't know what to say , it 's beyond words . His voice is so beautiful , and you can feel the emotion he 's feeling in each song . I own more than one copy , and for good reason , this is the most amazing CD I 've ever bought . I 'm not surprised to find that others besides me have cried over this album , it truly is that good , and his voice is perfection .
 If you are a fan of Clay , you will love this debut album ! It has a little of everything . . some pop , some ballads , some soft rock , and the lyrics are very meaningful . Clay definitely has not compromised who he is in producing this cd . My favorites are Invisible , I will Carry You , When you say you love me , Perfect Day , and Measure of a Man . Buy it and you wo n't be sorry !
 Even though he did n't win the season 2 American Idol , it 's kinda like he did . There are many reasons why I say so . His album has done dropped and people acturally buy it . He 's done had more videos then Ruben as on 3/3/04 . He is already on tour . So , in many ways , he was a winner all along . I love this cd and I listen to it ALL the time ! I 'm not going to do a song by song review like I usually I do . I will however , tell you my favorite songs : This Is The Night -LRB- Bonus Cut -RRB- , The Way , When You Say You Love Me , and Insivible . I will pobability have more favorite songs and when I do , I will edit this review for an up-to-date review on why I love Clay !! Go Clay !! If you LOVE Clay you will LIKE Kelly Clarkson -LRB- Season 1 winner . -RRB-
 If anyone told me a year ago I 'd actually like `` Adult Contemporary '' music , I would never have stopped laughing at them . But Clay Aiken has such a polished voice , an `` Everything is as it should be '' sound , that I listen to this every day . I envy his gift to sing almost anything and keep listeners enraptured .
 I fell in love with Clay 's voice when he sang Open Arms on American Idol . It was so touching , and I never understood whynone of my friends liked him -LRB- they liked ruben instead -RRB- . Nobody thought Clay would ever make it far , and look at him now . He has the BEST VOICE and his CD is AWESOME ! I highly reccomend the songs Invisible , The Way , When You Say You Love Me , and This is the night . I especially like When You Say You Love Me because Clay is not as good at uptempo songs , but he nailed this one . I program my CD player to play this song over and over . All of the songs on this CD are awesome and I know you 'll love it .
 This is the information regarding the Invisible/Solitaire Single Due out Feb 24th from www.ClayAiken.com :12 -15 -03
 Excellent voice , excellent lyrics , excellent music ... This cd has is all . Every track on this cd shows Clay Aiken 's pure and natural talent . This cd has not been out of my cd player since its release date , Oct 14 , I listen to it everyday . Finally with all the gimmacks that other pop artists try to pass off as talent , there is a young man that has talent , a gift to us all , a truly beautiful voice . Clay fills the void of what is missing in today 's music , A REAL SINGER , and he does it so well.Its a shame that I could only give it 5 stars because its so much better than that . Clay is a keeper with the talent to be around for a long time .
 In my opinion , there really has n't been a top 40 artist who has stood out this year -LRB- besides 3DD with `` Here without You '' -RRB- . I heard AI Clay Aiken 's hit single `` Invisible '' and this has been one of the better hit songs of the year . I would recommend this CD if you are for easy listening .
 I love Clay Aiken 's album . The songs are cool and I could listen to his voice all day long .
 I was n't sure I was going to like this CD because I knew it would n't contain older pop songs like Clay sang during AI competition . After my very first listen , I loved it and have n't stopped listening to at least some of it since October.There 's a little bit of everything in this CD ; something for every taste . My favorite cuts are The Way , When You Say You Love Me , Touch , Invisible , Measure of A Man , I Will Carry You and This is The Night . Clay handles the vocals like he 's been singing for years . He sings with passion and feeling.Clay has said in interviews that he wants to record songs with meaningful lyrics and great melodies . He was true to his word and I will never doubt him again .
 I have n't liked much recent American pop , but Clay sure is a good singer . I watched him perform `` Invisible '' on the Billboard Awards ... I was completely blown away . Simply amazing . A friend had also sent me his This is The Night/Bridge Over Troubled Water single earlier this year . Amazing as well . Good work , Clay . Hope your future albums are excellent as well .
 Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man is a 2003 `` must-have '' for any record collection , beautiful to listen to over and over . It measures up mainly because Clay Aiken is singing , and his voice is truly a gorgeous , blessed original . The sheer power , range , tone , talent at lyric interpretation can not even be destroyed by RCA 's typical overproduction and a few cliched lyrics . The only thing better would be if Clay , for CD # 2 , links up with some truly talented songwriters that can give him songs with more subtle artistry and creative stretch . Until then , this one will do quite nicely !
 A very respectable solo debut for Clay . I am really enjoying the fact that each song has its own appeal and I can actually sing along to them all . Clay 's voice is so great that I think at this point in his career the music industry is still testing out where he fits . Some have positioned him as a Broadway type , but I disagree . Clay does n't need to act the part of someone else ... he 's best at playing himself . And he knows how to nail the emotion of every song right on every time . I believe that his `` sophomore '' album will be even greater . For now , this one is a great ride . I love how he soars on `` Run to Me '' and the powerful sensuality of `` Touch . ''
 For a debut CD , one might hope for at least two or three standout singles in order to mark a success . If that standard holds , Clay Aiken has nothing to worry about . Every song on the cd has been souped up with a radio-friendly vibe , from the bouncy first single `` Invisible , '' to the stirring title track , `` Measure of a Man . '' It seems Aiken can do no wrong when it comes to feeling the song and making us believe the yearning , the conifidence , the disappointment or whichever emotion the songs call for . His range is tremendous , and whatever one might find fault in a few generic lyrics , he overcomes that with his full pallet of deliveries , whether tender , desperate , or even forceful in some places . He seems capable of it all . Favorites will likely be the ballad `` The Way '' and the no-holds-barred happy `` A Peferct Day . '' Then again , `` Touch '' offers a more edgy vibe that may keep you moving , or even the country rythym of `` When You Say You Love Me . '' We get to see a different side of his chracter in the brilliant `` I Survived You '' as well as his regret in `` No More Sad Song . '' It seems the favorite song might be whichever one is pouring through the speakers at the time . This disc is polished and shining with tracks designed to please verybody . Some people argue that 's never a good thing , but coming from Aiken 's golden voice and impassioned delivery , they were certainly not refering to him . A definite must have !
 Clay delivers on his Freshman CD . His voice , choice of songs , and his interpretation are all inspired . Anyone who would like a refreshing change from what is usually played on the radio today would be well advised to purchase this CD . Clay is currently appearing on several venues , including the World Series and the American Music Awards . If you are undecided , catch him on TV and you will agree that the man can sing .
 I had to prepare myself before listening to this CD for the first time meaning
 Was Clay Aiken 's new album worth wating for these past few months ? Absolutely ! Clay 's voice soars strongly with every song . He invites the listener along on his musical journey , and I for one , will take this journey often . Not since the Beatles have I been as in love with an album , and artist as I am with the `` Measure of a Man , '' and Clay Aiken . Believe me , this album will keep calling the listener back for more .
 This is such a great CD ! Usually when I buy a CD there are 1 or 2 songs that I do n't like , but I absolutely LOVE every song on this CD . I would give it more than 5 stars if I could .
 Wow ... there are not enough words to sum up what I feel about this album . It 's incredible . It 's great to hear Clay sing upbeat songs since I 'm used to the older songs from American Idol . Clay 's CD is the only CD that I can listen to all the way through without getting sick of it ! I 've been listening to Clay for months and his songs or voice never get boring ! Everytime you hear him it 's like you 've never heard him before and you ca n't believe that this amazing voice is real ! His voice is so smooth and so powerful I still get chills when I hear it ! If you missed the opportunity to see him on the American Idol then you definitely missed an insanely good show ! I did n't think he could sound any better than he had on the show but he sounded absolutely fabulous LIVE and it surprised me again ! But do n't worry if you did n't get a chance to go ... as it was said in People magazine Clay is going to have a North American Tour ! So MAKE SURE YOU GET TICKETS ! :o-RRB- If you have n't yet bought this album then buy it because it 's definitely worth every penny!WE LOVE YOU CLAY !! < 3
 I was afraid it was going to be `` Broadway '' . Far from it ! This is a very good pop album . Kudos to the Clay and the producers of this album . Every time I listen to it , I enjoy it better than the last time ! Great job !
 Uplifting ! This is the first CD I have ever owned where I loved each and every song . Maybe it 's because of the voice behind the words , but what else can you expect from the most amazing God given talent ?!
 Clay Aiken has arrived ... and with a definate flair for pop ... This man knows how to sell a song ... he understands when to hold back ... and he understands when to hit the `` money note '' ... Songs like `` Invisible '' and `` Touch '' are great pop songs , very radio friendly . `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' have just the right amount of sex , which sells a song . `` Measure of A Man '' will give you a glimpse of the future of this mature individual . And of course , his signature song `` This is the Night '' , still gives chills as one of the first glimpses into the soul of the individual.Each song on the album is unique , however , together , they create an incredible debut album.This is an artist , with so much more to offer . I ca n't wait to see what Clay Aiken will give to pop music next .
 There are a few words to describe this CD . AMAZING INCREDIBLE , and FABULOUS are some of them . Every single song is beautifully sung with genuine emotion and wonderful lyrics . My personal favorite is Measure of a Man . It is such a terrific song . Perfect Day is upbeat and sung incredibly also . Just buy this album ! Not for a second will you regret this !
 This CD is a BREATH of FRESH AIR ! Thanks to Clay Aiken who has brought us a CD full of great songs !!! I absolutely love `` The Way '' , `` Run to Me '' , `` Invisible '' , `` Touch '' ... well darn , I LOVE ALL THE SONGS !!!!! I might add that this is a family friendly CD ... one that you do n't have to be ashamed to play in front of your children . Thank you , Clay Aiken , for giving us POP MUSIC that we can be proud of !!! May you sore on the wings of love ! You so deserve it !!! GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CLAY !!!!
 I 've been flipping through the songs on Clay 's CD that I just got . Wow ~ I still ca n't get over his amazing voice . If you are thinking about getting this CD , DO IT ~ ~ ! The lyrics are awesome and the whole CD is fantastic !
 One of the most anticipated CD 's of 2003 , Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man fulfills the public 's expectations and exceeds them . His voice soars beyond the background ; it 's distinct , powerful , moving . However , I 'd have to say that the background beats and synths are n't the best . They are distracting from the whole of the piece.All in all , this is THE CD . Buy it , you wo n't regret it . Heck , buy a couple copies to send to people too !
 Clay Aiken 's long awaited first album is finally out and it does n't disappoint . This collection of songs shows off the power of his amazing voice , and spans an interesting range of tempos and emotions . I 've heard that Clay once performed on some sort of televised talent show , but I ca n't imagine why anyone would think that that fact is still relevant . Clay 's music speaks for itself and this CD will make him a superstar .
 This album is so great it was beyond my belief !! I love Clay Aiken and his amazing voice but this album went beyond that . It 's fantastic !! Every single song is amazing !!! I love every song on it and it would be totaly impossible to pick a favorite but I 'll try !!! How about tracks 1-12 !!! That about does it !!! LOL I seriously suggest that you buy this album even if you are not a Clay fan . It 's something the whole family will love and nothing that the kids ca n't listen to !!! Clay is by far the best thing to happen to the music industry in a very long time !!! Highly recommended !!!
 Clay Aiken simply has to open his mouth and women will swoon . This CD gives us one more reason to love this humble , pure singer . Each song is a gem , and although the music selection is a little more `` pop '' then we 've heard from Clay , he takes a style which is n't my favorite and gives me 12 new songs to listen to and love . I am so impressed with this as his debut album , and if it 's possible to get better from here , Clay will certainly do it . This CD was worth the wait , and I 'm already anxiously anticipating another Clay album to spend my money on ...
 I absolutely love Clay 's new cd !!! It is a great mix of music ... something for everyone ... and Clay sounds GREAT ! It 's sure to be a best seller . Those of you who have n't listened to it and are n't fans , open your minds and give it a try . You will be pleasantly surprised and I bet you will really like it !
 This is the first album I have truly enjoyed for many , many years . I loved every track . They gave me chills and tears ! He is destined for greatness . Expect this album to top the charts for months and set all kinds of records !!
 Forgot to mention that : Of course I have already ordered several more copies from Amazon ! -LRB- Could you add this line to my previous review please -RRB-
 I think Clay Aiken is the best thing to happen to pop music in a long time . The songs are good love songs and clean ones which is important to me . He is very easy to listen to . Hope his album is a huge success . He can start working on another album anytime .
 I LIKE TO LISTEN TO SONG SAMPLES BEFORE I ORDER ANY CD FROM AN ARTIST I 'M NOT FAMILIAR WITH . LIKED CLAY AIKEN 'S VOICE . THIS IS A GREAT CD . I HAVE TWO CD 'S OF CLAY , AND LIKE THEM BOTH .
 This guy is much wiser than the other American Idol folks . He knows his voice , obviously likes a good lyric and melody and did n't want to waste time putting a lot of `` fillers '' on his album.Obviously , the record companies convinced both Fantasia Barrino and Ruben Studdard that they MUST be hip/hop in order to sell records -LRB- forget the fact that they can REALLY sing ! -RRB- Their albums sound just like the rest of that boring hip/hop junk . What a shame!Hip / hop was n't what got them the title of `` American Idol '' . I remember one contestant who came out and did a hip/hop number and was promptly voted off the next week . AI always chooses strong songs that make sense , not the moronic hip/hop stuff . Hooray to Clay for knowing his voice and keeping his taste in tact .
 Please do n't listen to that negative review below mine . They do n't know what they are talking about ; they are just negative , jealous , and probably did n't really listen to the CD . Clay Aiken is the most talented male musical artist I have ever heard ; he can sing anything . Clay 's voice is indeed captivating , enchanting , entertaining , and definitely exciting . Clay Aiken also has some amazing demo CDs he recorded prior to American Idol 2 . Any real fan of Clay Aiken knows that . But `` Measure Of A Man '' is Clay 's first mainstream CD -LRB- debut CD -RRB- that was named Billboard Magazine 's `` Pop Album Of The Year '' in 2003 . It has sold over 3 million units so far . Please buy this CD and enjoy it . You will not be disappointed at all . Clay Aiken 's voice is the best male voice you will ever hear . I guarantee it . What a voice Clay Aiken has ! This CD is amazing , Clay Aiken 's voice is amazing , and Clay Aiken is simply amazing and extremely talented .
 I am a true music fan , and I will also clean up this board . Please ignore that negative review below ; they do n't know what they are talking about . I have listened to lots of music through the years , and I have never ever heard a male voice so amazing and so powerful and so emotional until I heard Mr. Clay Aiken . He is so incredibly talented , and you will love and enjoy this CD !!!
 Elvis , Frank eat your heart out . Although I love you to Clay Aiken is alive and singing his heart out . He has the voice of an angel and I have signed up to go to a few concerts this summer . Just got done seeing him on the PBS 4th of July special and he sure is Americas sweetheart . Thank you God for Clay Aiken with his breathtaking voice , which leaves me in a trance ! His cd MOAM is wonderful and I recommend it highly !
 This CD rocks my world , and it will rock your world too ! Clay 's voice is so amazing ; it has so much power and emotion . Clay 's singing gives me chills . I think the songs are fabulous and convey meaningful messages and are well written . The `` Measure Of A Man '' import CD is my favorite import CD !
 I will keep this short ... Buy this cd then go out and buy the single with Clays version of Solitaire . Both this cd and the single are unbelievable!Happy listening .
 Excellent lyrics and great mix of songs . Ca n't wait for the next album . Clay is a great person and does n't let anyone influence him just to get ahead .
 I 'm a fan ... that 's not even debatable . What is important about buying this album is that you are putting stock in an artist that represents something good about this country . Here you have a humble , genuine , charming North Carolina boy who has the most amazing voice I have heard in forever and really cares about his fans . His debut album could have been arranged a little differently , granted , but his heart is in his music and if you listen to each song with an open heart , you will see what we see ... an amazing kid with an amazing voice just trying to please his fans . He pleased me ...
 I have to agree with Music Fan Miami , What Really Bothers Me About Your Editorial Review & Hello Amazon . Surely you could have picked another review for your editorial or at least added an additional review with an opposite view point of this CD . It 's one thing to provide individual reviews by people -LRB- like me -RRB- who have purchased this CD & want to talk about it , negative or positive , and quite another in the selection of the editorial review.CD buying public , it 's up to you about this CD , but the overall customer rating is 4-1/2 stars & I highly recommend it -LRB- unless you are into hip hop & rap only - then you probably would not go for this CD -RRB- . I have been listening to this CD since I purchased it on Oct. 14 & I have not tired of it yet . It amazes me how much I listen to it . Many times I tire of a CD after listening to it several times & then only play it occasionally . That is not the case with this CD . I am starting to wonder if I will ever tire of hearing Clay sing his heart on this CD . Do yourself a favor & get this CD so that you will understand what the rest of us are talking about & be able to enjoy this amazing VOICE and talent .
 I believe Clay has a bright future ahead . The quality of this CD is so much better than his first single release . I have listened to it several times and still enjoy his great voice . I look forward to hearing more from him in the future .
 My daughter bought me Clay 's C.D. for my bithday . It 's the best bithday present I have ever received . the songs on the C.D. are fantastic . From begining to end every song on the C.D. is great . I especially like the songs `` My Way and also `` I will carry you . Iam so excited for Clay winning the Fan 's Choice award too and on my bithday yet . Clay has a beautiful voice and we will be blessed with his voice for years to come .
 This is not my first time to post but I must say after Clay winning the AMA Go Clay . you are showing everyone that staying true to your beliefs is the way to go despite all odds.I have been listening to the CD since it was sent to me and it has really grown on me after listening to it several times.Clay has been blessed by that wonderful gift w/c is his voice and it does have several colors ; this debut album has shown us just a hue of his enormous gift , and I must say that the songs here have not yet brought us the best of what Clay can do . I know that this is just the tip of the iceberg for Clay and his fans . we his fans all know the extent of Clay 's talent and how he has proven himself in AI2 . still this album has grown on me and I am not disappointed now cos I know that this is just the beginning of Clay 's career and destiny . I admire you as a teacher Clay but w / your enormous musical talent you have what it takes to continue to give your fans the joy and delight in listening to your singing . do not be discouraged by those negative forces around you . my only advice is that we hope the second cd is much better and not overproduced and will focus on your voice and its unique musicality and interesting timbre and songs that would also showcase all your vocal colors . and i really believe that including a few covers of vintage songs that blew us away would definitely make all of your more mature fans fall in love w / the cd right away . you know as the song goes a little bit of this and a little bit of that so that way everyone will be happy . I loved your rendition of I Know How the River Feels and Unchained Melody and look forward to hearing those type of songs in your future releases.My favorites are The Way , Run to Me and I Survived You , I Will Carry You and MEasure of a Man .
 I am a huge Clay fan and I literally can not stop listening to this CD ! Clay 's voice is so dreamy and the lyrics are truly uplifting . I would recommend this CD to anyone !
 I 'm really impressed at Clay and his voice . I do n't think the album showcased his voice as well as it could have but , is still very enjoyable to listen to . I think that it 's been the best thing to come from any of the American Idol contestants so far .
 Clay does a fantastic job on this one . It is a wonderful album you can listen to over and over again . My favorite tracks are `` Measure of a Man '' , `` The Way '' , and `` When You Say You Love Me '' , written by Darren Hayes of Savage Garden . Give it to someone you love for Christmas !!!
 I 've never owned a cd out of the hundreds I 've owned , not even a greatest hits cd by one of my favorite artists , that I do not skip a single song . I listened to this CD all the way thru as soon as I brought it home , and have listened many times since then . His voice is so smooth and awesome ! I see him going far . How often do you get to see an artist from the very start of his career ?
 This CD is soooooooo good . I wish to make a comment to the reviewer who said TITN is in sync with the rest of the CD . While I loved TITN -LRB- mostly because it was Clay singing -RRB- , I was really looking for something more `` modern '' from Clay , and I feel this CD delivers . I loved him on AI but was really hoping his CD would not be a recreation of those performances . I got my wish . TITN is a good song and fits into this CD nicely , but I do not feel the other songs are this CD are like TITN - I feel they are better . Everyone should have this CD in their collection & be able to be cheered up by THAT VOICE every time they play it .
 Excellent selection -- all songs are great ! This guy can sing . And although his sudden popularity would lend itself to a rushed album , he delivers and his incredible voice pushes every song . Many of the songs could be # 1 hits . A truly fabulous collection of songs .
 Like the man himself , Measure of a Man is a breath of fresh air . Perfect Day is the most distinctive track , diverting from the power ballad style Clay Aiken has perfected , and sure to be a hit on the charts -LRB- reminds one of Elton John a bit ? -RRB- . This is the Night continues to evoke strong emothions even several months after we first heard it . My only criticism is that Clay is a top-notch vocalist who should take more risks with his style ... he will surely succeed ... with pipes like his , how could he not ?
 I have been listening to the CD on repeat since early this morning . I am pleased with the quality of his voice and choice of songs and would recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys a pure vocal talent . Clay has `` IT '' . High on the list of favourite tunes from the album are `` Touch '' and `` Perfect Day '' , just ca n't get the tunes out of my head and believe me , that 's a good thing . It is a joy to hear an artist who does not need the assistance of an autotuner to make their voice sound glorious .
 Clay Aiken 's debut CD is an absolute gem . I expected to love the album because I love Clay 's voice , but the combination of the songs and Clay 's gorgeous voice equals pop/rock perfection . All the songs on this CD are worth listening repeatedly.The album is a great mix of uptempo , midtempo and ballads and has something for everyone without being an incoherent mess . Clay 's voice and the emotion he vests every song with are the glue that binds the album together.If you 're a Clay fan , you can not be without this CD . If you 're not a Clay fan , this album will convert you .
 fantastic , wonderful , awesome Clay 's cd is all I thought it would be and more !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Wow Im really impressed with Clay not that I wasnt before I got the CD but it just proves that he really is awesome . One of the songs -LRB- I Will Carry You -RRB- made me cry . I think this cd is really well done .
 I ordered this album 3 months ago -LRB- it was just released today , Oct 14 and it is being sent now -RRB- but I could n't wait so I went and bought one today.It was worth waiting for !! Every song in it is CLAY . Of course I have my favorites but I 'll let you choose yours.Buy it now . You wo n't be sorry .
 I picked up my copies of this CD on the first day . I have to say without a doubt that it is wonderful . There is the perfect mix of ballads and mid-tempo songs . I think that Clay has definitely broken out of the `` Broadway '' mold and has come into his own as a pop star . I think this CD will definitely be a hit and go multi-platinum . May Clay have a long and prosperous career.GayleLas Vegas , NV
 I truly enjoyed every episode of American Idol 2 . Clay is a fantastic talent and pure pleasure to listen to . I have to say that I felt there were acouple of songs that did n't do him any justice . Songs that the back up was louder than Clay , but overall I am glad to have it and will listen to it over and over again . I wish the CD came with the words to the songs listed .
 Holla , at me when you find a better CD .
 This CD is pure gold and I recommend this masterpiece and it soothes the ear and soul . It 's the best CD ever and he should have won the competetion . If you do n't like him you will because this CD will make a fan out of anyone , this artist should winn so many Grammys and I hope he does .
 I have looked at quite a few of the reviews posted here . I bought this CD and have thoroughly enjoyed it . It is so refreshing to hear someone actually singing a tune instead of screaming , rythmic talking or hurling obscenities . I have a very varied taste in music and appreciate , country , pop , classical and even quite a bit of rock . This is a very mellow CD with enjoyable tunes and meaningful lyrics . I hope Clay is able to maintain his morals and his style as there are quite a few of us out here in a wide range of age groups that enjoy his music .
 Clay Aiken is a breath of fresh air . His debut album `` Measure of a Man '' does in fact measure up ! His lyrics are `` family friendly '' and I thought all of the songs were very good . My favorite is `` Perfect Day '' . I was glad all of the songs were not like `` This Is The Night '' which is my least favorite . The songs are addictive and you ca n't help but sing along after hearing them a time or two . Some of the songs were instant hits with me such as `` Shine '' and `` Perfect Day '' but others such as `` Measure of a Man '' took a couple of times before I really liked them . Each song seems to project a postive message something I can say most songs on the radio DO NOT ! All in all I think it is a really great album if you give it a chance and really listen to it .
 I have been waiting for a new sound to emerge in this decade and I think Clay Aiken is `` it . '' Clay is the perfect artist for the pendulum swing in America toward traditional values and less all sex all the time in your face leaving nothing to the imagination . `` Measure of a Man , '' despite some reviews I 've seen , is not a sugary sweet over the top schmaltzy album . It is full of contemporary songs with memorable melodies with a bonus -- you can actually understand the lyrics!What 's more is the album 's appeal to fans of literally all ages . Congratulations and sincere thanks to Clay for this amazing debut !
 Never since Elvis , has an artist had to withstand such jealousyand attacks from those who are bitter and afraid that thisyoung man might upset the status quo . If you are sick of thehip hop gangsta rap , half-naked young women , songs about violence and casual sex , this is the cd for you.Measure of a Man is a cd where TALENT and VOICE was necessaryto make it a hit . Clay 's ability to bring feeling to a songstill brings tears to my eyes ... his technically perfect voiceis a God given gift and not studio manufactured . He is one ofthe few singers that actually sounds BETTER live ... even thoughhe sounds magnificent on his cd ... Clay Aiken 's wonderful natural voice brings thesongs to life on Measure of a Man ... and those who have seenhim know that he is magic in person -LRB- as stated by Mr. Clive Davis when presenting Clay with his double platinum award forMeasure of a Man after only 1 week -RRB- Do yourself a favor , buy this cd and sit back , relax and enjoy !
 This album was even better than expected . Clay 's wonderful voice was already known from American Idol , showcasing other people 's music . On his own songs , the passion and warmth truly come out - all 12 songs are great in their own ways . `` The Way '' I predict to be THE song chosen by newlyweds as their `` first dance together '' song - it is such a lovely song that does truly capture what it is like to be in love . `` Invisible '' , `` Touch '' , and `` When You Say You Love Me '' are songs that make you want to get up and dance . `` I Survived You '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' are powerful -LRB- and could very well be anthems for those that survive abuse -RRB- . `` Measure Of A Man '' has a very soft tone to it , but the lyrics are very strong . The album on a whole is excellent and well deserved of the `` Double Platnum '' status it has earned in its first week !
 You know you 've found a great song when you find yourself singing or humming it all day long . With Clay Aikens `` Measure of a Man '' I find myself singing the entire album ! This is the first CD I 've ever owned that I love every song on it . Thank you Clay and RCA !
 Anybody who has written Clay 's voice is n't shining through on this CD apparently never listened to it before writing the review.This is simply THE best CD I have heard since a long time , and the only one I have been awaiting even more anxiously for is only Canadian Idol 's Audrey de Montigny 's CD that 's coming out early 2004 . ALL the songs on Clay 's CD are cool , and it 's quite rare to like all songs in a CD = -RRB- I do n't know how it can be even compared with Josh Groban 's CD , because I found JG extremely boring :| * already starting to wait for a 2nd CD * : D
 This young man is the greatest voice to come along since Sinatra . For a first album ... or for a fiftieth ... this one has it all ! Best of all the Idols and a great talent ... he should become a mega-star !
 Everyone could go round and round whether Clay Aiken 's CD is worthy or not but it all comes down to ONE thing ... we all have our own opinions on music and the types of music we choose to listen to . As for radio stations denying playing any of his songs ... well , just one little tidbit to think about ... there are some songs on the radio now that I could care less about hearing but they still have the chance to be aired on radio . So why should n't Clay 's song ? Little hint
 I love Clay Aiken and I wish this album was not so pop-ee but more the power ballads that he loves -LRB- he is a James Taylor fan -RRB- and that he sings so undeniably well.I wanted so much for `` Now I know How the River Feels '' to be on the album and shared with the world . It would be a smash hit.Many people wrote RCA . I do n't think they listen.We love you Clay . Stay faithful and true !
 I love this album . I am no musician so I ca n't anaylze anything , I just know I feel like I am hearing Clay 's heart as he sings . I am so excited for him to release his next single The Way with Solitaire on the flip side . I have this album on continous play at work and home . Love it !!!
 I LOVE CLAY !!! And Kyle , or whatever you 're name is , you 're just stupid . AND SO obsessed with KELLY CLARKSON , But I do know she DOES have a good voice but not as good as Clay 's !!! ... And ummm . . Yes Clay did win the Fan 's choice award!ANYWAY ... Buy Clay 's cd right away !! It 's the best !!
 I bought this CD for my 12yr old daughter who is a big fan of Clay Aiken , and I have to say that I 'm hooked as well ! How refreshing it is to hear a performer that is n't a pig ... , foul , violent , druggie or has sold out to the recording mecca 's ! Easily the best new artist I have heard in years , Clay 's `` Measure Of A Man '' delivers and you wo n't be dissapointed . I personally have listened to the CD a dozen times , and ALL the songs are well done.I honestly like all the songs , -LSB- many give me chills with that voice -RSB- and feel many of the cuts could be big hits . This CD is probably destined for greatness . I will buy this guys stuff from now on , he is an impressive young man on and off the stage , and I 'm pround to say he 's a good example for young people today ...
 Yes ! About time that one of the CD 's I buy can be left in the car all the time . No turning off the music whether my passengers are 6 , 16 , or 60 . The music on this album may not be as edgy as the critics seem to want it to be , but it is enjoyable to listen to , sung extremely well and suitable for all listeners . Sorry there are not more 4 letter words and obscene descriptions as that seems to be what it takes to please the music critics . You go Clay . Keep singing and I will keep buying and enjoying .
 This CD is great !! RCA could n't have done a better job on Clay 's first CD ! He is the AMERICAN IDOL ! 833,000 copies sold !!
 Clay Aiken does it again !! From the first time I heard Clay sing , I was a fan . I voted for him when he was on American Idol -LRB- a lot more then once , let me tell you -RRB- and now I am even obsessed with him . I was so excited when Clay 's album came out . I love each song on the album and listen to every one evey day almost . There have been a lot of bad reviews and I am not going to get mad because that is their own oppinion . But , I really do n't know what they are talking about . Maybe they are listening to a different CD or something , because this album is amazing . His voice could have been showed off more , but on a couple of songs it really is showed off like in Perfect Day . I think a lot of people would love this CD !
 This is the type of CD that I can just leave on `` repeat '' mode in my office during the day . Clay 's voice is perfect , although I agree with one of the other reviews that mentioned that the key in some of the songs could have been lowered a bit . Let 's preserve that wonderful voice ! Also , some of the lyrics are a bit corny , especially in `` Invisible . '' Not Clay 's fault!Overall , great job , Clay !
 I can honestly say that I was pleasantly surprised by this album . After avidly watching American Idol , I had expected Clay 's first CD to sound ... well , like Barbara Streisand or the like . Being a fan of rock/punk/pop , that did not seem like such a good thing ; however , this does not sound anything like those `` outdated '' musicians and can ... no , SHOULD be enjoyed by anyone who can call themselves a lover of music . Even if you do not usually listen to pop music , definitely give this a chance .
 After countless years , I can finally listen to pop music again and enjoy it . This young man 's voice soars and his emotions shine through with each song . I am anxiously awaiting his next CD . Clive Davis hit a homerun with this young man.I highly recommend this CD .
 Clay brings his preformance to a whole new level . I was an absolute fanatic while he was on the show , but now i respect him even more . His cd is wonderful , it showcases his talents and he does n't just sing about the same old thing like many other artists do these days . I wake up to his cd every morning and each time i hear it i love it even more .
 He is such a warm and interesting person . He really cares about people and these songs are great . I hope he goes far . I would recommend these highly . Claymate fan !!
 I have honestly never bought a CD that I liked all of the songs on . Well , that has changed . This CD does not have a bad song on it . Clay shows that he has arrived . He has stayed true to himself and is here to stay . Highly recommend !!
 Picked up my copy of ` Measure of a Man ' first thing this morning and listened all the way to work - am listening to it now . Very pleased with this entire album - a great 1st for Clay Aiken ! This will remind you why you voted for him ! Pop flair throughout with some of his ` glory notes ' showing - can see several of these songs being big hits on the radio . Catchy tunes , clean lyrics , each song a joy !
 wow clay is the greatest his talent really shines in this album and hes just so cute ! not to mention that the album comes with a poster of him . now how cool is that !?! clay is the greatest !
 I ran out on my lunch this afternoon and bought this cd , and I listened to it at work , when I left I went and bought a second copy . I want one in may car at all times . Clay 's voice is stronger than ever . Tracks such as Invisible , No more sad songs , and Touch are so passionate . While Perfect day , Shine , and The way , are definate feel good songs . I definately recomend this CD , it 's the best one I 've bought in years .
 Clay is the MOST TALENTED singer i have EVER HEARD . even people who do n't know who he is should get this cd !! he has chosen the best songs too . even though i 've loved clay all along , i was surprised at the confidence he 's developed . he sounds so different than he did on the show ! and just when i thought he could n't get any better . clay 's amazing , go listen for yourself !
 Clay 's new CD has given the fans exactly what they have been waiting for.A pure and beautiful voice , great songs and a real sense of Clay Aiken , the artist . He is a breath of fresh air to the music industry and will no doubt be a mega superstar . This CD is worth every penny .
 This CD is composed of 12 wonderful pop ballads , that exploit the breadth and depth of Clay Aiken 's amazing vocal talent . From the opening song , `` Invisible '' , to the pop-country tune , `` The Way '' , the Beatle-esque `` Shine '' , `` This is The Night '' , and the final song , `` Touch '' -LRB- suprisingly , a Justin Timberlake-style song which Clay makes his own -RRB- , this CD is pure ear candy . Kudos to the producer and those behind the scenes who pulled together this entire set of songs for Clay 's debut CD . It is fresh and pure enjoyment .
 Okay , I admit , Clay Aiken 's a guilty pleasure , but you love to see the underdog succeed , and the guy 's just got a wonderful voice . The CD is quite the accomplishment , with several catchy tunes to showcase that wonderful voice . Plus , you can find it pretty cheap , which is n't bad.Rock on Clay !
 Clay 's new CD has given the fans exactly what they have been waiting for.A pureand beautiful voice , great songs and a real sense of Clay Aiken . He is a breath of fresh air to the music industry and will no doubt be a mega superstar . Tjis CD is worth every penny .
 I 'm blown away by the amount of fans Clay has . I knew he was a favorite on American Idol , but you can see by his album sales , that he has more than a few casual fans . Clay-mania is sweeping the nation , and I can see he has a bright future in this industry.His first single , I was n't too big on . However , he totally redeemed himself with `` Invisible '' , which is possibly the best song sang by any American Idol thus far . The rest of this album is good , not great , but it 's easy to listen to . I 'd have to say that `` No More Sad Songs '' is my 2nd favorite on this CD.If only American Idol made it so that you had to call a 1-900 number to vote for the finals , we would have seen who has the true fans . Clay is here to stay , just like Kelly Clarkson . Nice job !
 I have listened to Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken with great pleasure . Clay has an absolutely gorgeous voice . He has a voice range and quality that is wonderful . It is rare for me to like every song on even a favorite artist 's album , but on this one , I like every single song . There is a great variety of songs - love songs , inspiring songs , and all of them are upbeat and fun . He is such a unique performer that I believe his music is that of a rare , maybe even that once in a generation performer !
 This album has been out for two months , yet it is still in the top 20 in sales on Amazon.com . In fact , it 's one of Amazon 's best selling CDs of the year . There 's a reason for that.Plain and simple , it is the best pop CD of the year . There are upbeat songs -LRB- Invisible/Touch -RRB- for when you want to dance . There are slow , romantic songs for when you want a special mood -LRB- The Way , Measure of a Man , This is the Night -RRB- . There are inspirational songs for when you need some encouragement -LRB- I Will Carry You , Shine -RRB- . There are songs to help people get over lost loves -LRB- I Survived You , No More Sad Songs -RRB- . There are joyous , fun love song -LRB- When You Say You Love Me , Perfect Day -RRB- . I highly recommend buying this CD . I have n't taken it out of my CD player since I bought it . I am so glad a coworker recommended it to me !
 The other person who rated this CD is an idiot . He was just trying to flame Clay out for his success . Do n't listen to him . This is a good CD , however do n't get this import . Just get the regular debut album and you 'll enjoy what Clay Aiken has to offer .
 CLAY AIKEN WILL CONTINUE TO WOW AUDIENCES EVERYWHERE FOR A LONG TIME . I LOVE THIS ALBUM . ITS A MUST BUY . I HAVE READ MANY REVIEWS HERE ABOUT THIS CD . I 'M VERY CONCERNED ABOUT THE REMARKS THAT HAVE BEEN DIRECTED AT MR AIKENS CHARACTER . THIS IS SLANDER AND VERY SERIOUS.I THINK AMAZON SHOULD MAKE EVERY EFFORT TO TRACK DOWN THE PERSON -LRB- OR PERSONS -RRB- AND TAKE ACTION TO PUT AN END TO THIS . THIS YOUNG MAN IS OF GOOD CHARACTER AND DOES NOT DESERVE THESE HARSH ATTACKS . IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THIS CD JUST SAY SO . THEIR IS N'T ANY NEED TO USE FOUL LANGUAGE .
 awesome singer , will buy everything he puts out , love his voice and his attitude , ca n't get any better than this
 I do n't understand how Amazon.com can allow `` reviews '' with vulgarities and obvious intentions to slam the artist rather than reviewing the cd , to be posted . Is this how Amazon.com wants to be portrayed ? Trashy because it allows trashy `` reviews '' to be posted . This is outright irresponsibility especially when children may visit this site!Why does Amazon.com even bother to state `` Please be sure to focus your comments on the album 's content . Read our review guidelines for more information '' when it is n't responsible enough to check before it allows posts of this dispicable nature to be put up . I am deeply disappointed!Having said all that Clay 's Measure of a Man is an excellent cd and no intentional slams of Clay or his cd will make fans of Clay to change their minds . In fact , I know of many people who are not even fans of Clay and they love this cd . A great cd is a great cd , period .
 Finally , after over a decade of lackluster singers , Clay Aiken has arrived ! His debut album , Measure of a Man , is unarguably one of the best albums of 2003 . This album does not disappoint from the opening song to the last . Clay delivers every song to near perfection . His powerful instrument , his voice , resonates through each track . You will find it very hard not to listen to it , from beginning to end , over and over again . If i had to sum this album up in just one word , that word would have to be `` outstanding '' !
 Honestly , I purchased the CD without even sampling any of the cuts ! I went by my gut feeling & Billboard 's positive review . When I purchased this cd , I was dissapointed & ready to return it ! And I even sat on reviewing this for over a month , because I wanted to make sure that my review was honest . However , after seeing him on AMA , I was compelled to write a review . I continued listen to the CD everyday & studied the lyrics , vocals , writers , producers , & linear notes . Each day I grew to appreciate all the cuts more & more . I see all writer 's style - using Clay 's purist & powerful vocals as a vehicle to express their artistry . I have to agree with Billboard that this is a fantastic POP album and not SOUL -LRB- if you want SOUL go get Ruben 's CD -RRB- ! Listen , to The Way -LRB- written by Enrique Iglesias -RRB- a smooth-grove cut/excellent , MOAM & Touch -LRB- writer for Kylie M.Cathy Dennis -RRB- 2 strong cuts , When You Say . . -LRB- Rick Knowles producer for Belinda Carlisle -RRB- , No More Sad Songs , -LRB- very Elton Johnish -RRB- with the piano intro , I Will Carry You -LRB- strong powerful ballad -RRB- ; you 'll find that more singles are to come out of this package . Kudos for Clay for surrounding himself with excellent writers & producers for his first project ! Some people bashed Clay for sounding alike in all the cuts - its not so much sounds alike its consistent . Which is a good formula for pop music . Take Norah Jones , Sarah McLaughlin , Sade , all have had great success with their music due to consistency . With an award & fawless perfomance on the AMA ... it is refreshing to see true talent being acknowledge ; and not someone over produced or a studio prodigy that our music industry is pushing out there like Britney , Justin , JLo , & Hilary that ca n't SING - take away the microphone you 'll see no vocal abilities , power or range -LRB- this is the reason why most of them are not given ballads to sing -RRB- . What you 'll see is a gimmick ! Clay will drown out all these no-talents without a mic singing acapella - that was proven last night with Ruben 's duet . He was able to hold that looooong note ! I 'm glad that he is getting all this glory . Go out and purchase this - you will be glad you did !
 Clay not only has a beautiful , pure and powerful voice , but he sings with such passion that he draws the listener not only into the song , but into his soul as well . Each song deals with a different aspect of love , evoking strong emotions , deeply touching your heart . It is wonderful to be able to listen to such beautiful songs and to be able to share them with your family without having to be concerned about what your children might hear . I , personally , loved every minute of `` Measure of a Man '' . Clay 's music is indeed real `` music to my ears '' . Dianne
 I am absolutely obsessed and in love with Clay Aiken , so when I heard about his new cd out , of course I had to buy it . I listened to it and fell in love again , although I do n't think it gives the power in his voice the justice it deserves . However , it is still a very good album , he does an excellent job , and I will be looking forward to many cd 's in the future .
 I WAS AT MY LOCAL WALMART AT 1201 AM , TUESDAY , THE 14TH TO BUY MY COPY OF CLAYS NEW CD . I KNEW IT WOULD BE WONDERFUL BUT IT IS MORE THAN WONDERFUL . IF YOU REALLY TAKE THE TIME TO LISTEN AND THINK THE WORDS , YOULL SEE HE SINGS FROM HIS HEART ! SOME OF THE SONGS ACTUALLY BROUGHT ME TO TEARS . I KNOW THIS IS ONLY THE START FOR CLAY , HE IS A NUMBER ONE ! TODAY AND HOPEFULLY FOR ALONG TIME TO COME ! I RATE IT A 10 + AND ITS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY CLAY FAN !!!
 This album is all we have been waiting for and can be listened to by all . I bought enough to give for gifts and did n't even wait for giving them out , just had to let everyone hear them NOW . All the ages , from pre-teen up to this older lady love this man , Clay Aiken and his high ideals show through . We appreciate as fans what he has done , to make his album family friendly as he did the Idol show on tour . This is a Star , make no mistake . He will be the greatest along in a world that has ruined music for anyone that wants to hear actual music . Listening to some of the things on radio is just too darn tedious , as some is just noise and other is plain garbage . Not so with Clay Aiken 's music . Thank God for Clay Aiken .
 I should just say right now that I 'm a HUGE AI -LRB- American Idol -RRB- fan and a even bigger Clay fan . I read the other reviews and it 's Clay fans whould pay a millon bucks to get the CD and Ruben fans would run over it with a car . The songs are much more pop than what he was doing on the show but his voice over takes all the songs.Invisible-Great I but it on repeat all the time I will be a hit.A + -LRB- If I were invisible wait I already am -RRB- I will carry you - at first it does n't even sound like him at allA just because the lyrics are kinda wierdThe way - preety coolA for lyrics againWhen you say you love me-very up beatA + it sounds a little country thoughNo more sad songs - a really good songA + I really like the lyricsRun to me-It starts out really soft than gets more strongerA are n't crazy about the lyricsShine - the beat sounds the deppressingA because of the beatI surrived you - a very happy sad and happy songA + It has a really good meaningThis is the night - once a hit always a hit WAY better than flying without wingsA + LOVE itPerfect day-really greatA + I give him props for being quiet to load in like every other sentanceMeasure of a Man - really peacefulA + for every thingTouch-A up beat songA + for a up beat songOver all I give it A + + really GREAT and COOL . Invisible , I will carry you , no more sad songs , and measure of a man will be all big hits but I hpoe the will all be . I want to be like 1 millon more albums like this .
 ooooooooh yahhhhh , better than I could have imagined , well it answers the question can clay sing anything other than broadway ... . clay can sing anything he wants I 'm am really enjoying it . also does anybody else notice that he enunciates his words so you can actually understand the song .
 There do n't seem to be that many objective reviews here at all . Of course most people reviewing are Clay fans -LRB- as am I -RRB- , but really , madly typing up 100 rather incoherant words should n't pass for a review . My thoughts
 Since receiving my CD 's -LRB- 3 -RRB- I have listened to this over and over again . I absolutely love each and every song on this album . My favorite is ` Perfect Day ' followed by ` When You Say You Love Me'Thank YouLinda Zeinalgol
 This is an excellent album and the music has surpassed my expectations of Clay Aiken . He gives out his heart and soul in each one the songs . This is one album that can put a smile on my face and it gives me joy . It is fun and spirit lifting to listen to this album , `` Measure Of A Man . '' `` Invisible '' is my favorite with many others are running a close second . None are lower than a third place finish . I like it better and better each time I listen to it .
 To be honest , this album has sort of an old school feel that is mixed with more contemporary sounds . There is no hip hop , R&B , or hard rock . That 's cool with me . Clay Aiken is not trying to be somebody he 's not here . This is a pure pop album that everyone can listen to . That 's a good thing , considering my grandmother and my 16 year old male cousin also like him . There is something that will appeal to everyone on this song . Clay Aiken has pipes and he will remind you of this every so often . He does n't blatantly show off his pipes in every song just becaue he can . He 's no Celine Dion ! Start off with Invisible , No More Sad Songs , and I Survived You . Each of these songs has a bit of a rock edge Journey meets Elton John meets Matchbox 20 style . Perfect Day , Touch , and When You Say You Love Me are all very Beatlesesque . I was very surprised to see that Enrique Eglesias co wrote The Way . This is a cool mid tempo ballad and very catchy . Run to Me sounds like a ballad for a romantic movie . This is a great song because Clay sings this in his delicious lower tenor register . Even though it has an inspirational message , I Will Carry You is probably the weakest song on the cd , until the bridge part where he gets to belt . Other than that , that song is too lite FM and a waste of his powerful vocal range . It is sung with too much of a whisper and does n't really sound like Clay Aiken at all . If you 've seen Clay Aiken on American Idol , you know that he sings with melisma -LRB- which is probably at the center of all the broadway criticism -RRB- . He controls that on this cd , perhaps a little too much . That may or may not be a good thing depending on your view . I happen to think that makes his voice less 3 dimentional , but he still sounds great .
 I 've been in Europe for the past eight weeks and one of the first things I did when I returned Wednesday was purchase Measure of a Man . I can not stop listening to it . Every time I play it I find something unique in Clay Aiken 's style . I 'm eagerly awaiting the release of his single or even better , a whole new CD . What a voice !
 WHAT A BEAUTIFUL VOICE.CLAY HAS DONE IT AGAIN . . BOTH OF HIS CDS ARE HUGE HTS . HE IS # 1 IN MY BOOK . I 'VE BEEN READING THE REVIEWS ON MEASURE OF A MAN FOR SOME TIME AND RECENTLY NOTICED A CHANGE THAT CAUSES ME TO WONDER WHAT IS GOING ON . THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS HAVE INCREASED AND HAVE GOTTEN NASTY.SEEMS TO ME A LITTLE FISHY . . BY THE WAY IM NOT A CLAYMATE I 'M A 66YR OLD GRANDMA WHO LIKES GOOD MUSIC ... GOOD MUSIC IS HARD TO FIND ... THANK GOD FOR CLAY . AIKEN.THIS CD IS A MUST BUY .
 Everybody knows Clay should 've won American Idol.He has the better voice.He has a better style.His new album is awesome . `` Invisible '' is the best song.It shows Clay 's style.Buy the album .
 If you are looking for love songs or songs about heartache you will enjoy this CD . Aiken 's voice soars . This CD showcases many different types of music . From boy bands , to romance , one song even seems to be alittle country , to big ballads Aiken delivers . Like Sinatra , Elvis or even the Beatles Aiken is something special . These are not the songs he sang on American Idol but something new for this top talent .
 I have already rated and reviewed this album ... the best one of 2003 !! But I have one more comment to make to the person that said great singers are only those who write their own music and lyrics . Frank Sinatra , Nat King Cole , Elvis Presley ... shall I go on ?! They did n't write hardly any of their music . They had people write for them . Why ? Because they were the greatest interpators of a song and song writers lined up to have them sing their songs . Clay is the next one in line !! And whose to say he may not write some of his songs in the future ?! Some of you people need to understand what music is all about . Just like a book or a movie its all about what we enjoy on an individual basis . If its not your taste in music you do n't need to write a scathing review , just say its not your cup of tea and keep your biased opinions to yourself .
 Whatever do the Backstreet Boys , Ruben Studdard and N'Sync have to do with this album ? And the reviewer 's statement that there is no emotion in these songs is absurd . Amazon , where did you get this guy/gal ? Obviously he/she did not even listen to the album . I have had this album since Oct 14 and play it about twice a day . The songs ARE NOT all alike but I will have to admit I had to listen to it about 3 times before I really got into it - but I think that is because the songs are all new and I was not used to them . I now think there are several classics , The Way & Shine , for example but there is not a bad one in the lot . I never skip one . Suggest potential buyers take Amazon 's review with a grain of salt and read some of the buyers reviews . This is THE album of 2003 , as reviewed by Billboard .
 WOW !! What a great cd , what a voice !! All the songs on this cd are great , although my personal favorite is `` the way `` I already copied the entire cd to my hardrive on my laptop so i can hear it wherever i go ! and of course i have the actual cd in my car at all times ! i have n't been able to stop listening to this cd , it is FABULOUS ... if you have n't bought it yet , please go buy , you wo n't regret it !!
 I have n't listened to another CD since I received this masterpiece . You have to appreciate the way this CD was produced . You have to listen to Clay doing the background tracks as well . It is unbelievable . You really have to buy this one - ca n't wait till his next one . Way to go Clay !
 I bought this CD because of all the hype and because I had heard Clay Aiken sing on Good Morning America . I am so glad I went ahead and bought it , I have been listening and enjoying it for almost 2 weeks straight . Every song is addictive , his voice is such a gift . I am just so glad he has been discovered and I hope more people begin to realize what a talent he really is . Buy this CD , you wo n't regret it !
 Clay Aiken 's debut album `` Measure of a Man '' is wonderful ! He proves that he can sing anything put before him . He stepped outside his American Idol box with this album ! I bought this CD the night it was released and have n't stopped listening to it since . My favorite song on the CD is the title track , `` Measure of a Man , '' a deeply emotional song that stirs my heart . But , after that , my favorite changes from day to day . If you have listened to this CD only once , or have limited yourself to clips heard from the album , I urge you to listen to it again . The catchy melodies and Clay 's rich voice will mesmerize you . Clay is here to stay ! He has become the new American Icon !
 This album is much different than the material that American Idol television viewers are used to hearing Clay perform , yet those enamored with his voice should be more than satisfied with the collection of songs on the album . As always , Aiken 's voice is beautiful and the melodies are quite catchy . I hope this cd is the first of many more to come .
 This is Clay Aiken 's first full length cd , issued on October 14 . It is simply a Must Have in any music lover 's collection ! The songs range from the pop hit `` Invisible '' , to the Beatle-esque `` Shine '' , to the incredibly danceable `` Touch '' . And do n't forget the album 's title track `` Measure of a Man '' , which clearly showcases Clay 's incredible soaring vocals.It is indeed a rare treat to find an album so filled with favorites . You will find it difficult to choose your own favorites after listening to the debut album from this incredibly talented young performer .
 It 's a winner ! More than I expected . Great lyrics , superb vocals . - really wish the CD had included Solitude , but hopefully we will see that in the next CD ...
 I love this album . Clay has done the impossible . He has created a `` Best Of '' on his very first Album . Every single song is absolutely wonderful . I am so addicted to this album already that it 's all I listen to . I have it on repeat play so I can listen to it the entire day . It is a red hot CD . Thanks Clay for this beautiful album . I love you Clay .
 I love this CD !! Clay really knows how to emote a song and make you feel right along with him ! These songs are wonderful from the upbeat '' Invisible '' to the haunting '' I Survived You '' . May Clay 's career last for as long as he wants to be in this business . He will only get better with time and I ca n't wait to see what the future holds for this wonderful performer and young man !
 Okay so I just bought this cd and havent been able to listen to it all cause i have to go to work in 10 min ... BUT ... the first 5 songs are So good ... i LOVE this cd already ... Clay is the best and I cant wait for more ... I also wanted to be the first to review it ! Go buy it and you wont regret it ... Richard ZamoraP.S . Go buy Mariah 's new Remix album -- its also GREAT
 Clay 's new CD is exactly what I anticipated ! The song selections are perfect and beautifully enhance Clay 's voice ! Several of the tracts will soon be as easily recognized as belonging to Clay as `` This is The Night '' does . `` A Perfect Day '' , `` Shine '' , and `` Measure of a Man '' were immediate standouts . Thank you to RCA for letting Clay be Clay and thank you to Clay for staying true to who you are and how you wish to represent yourself .
 Got the album this morning and it is fantastic . Clay has an unbelievable recording voice . All of the 12 songs are very good , but the stand out tracks on first listen through are # 1 - Invisible , # 8 - I Survived You , and # 11 - Measure of a Man . All of the songs are unique -LRB- i.e. , it 's NOT one of those album where all the songs sound the same -RRB- , but they all have a consistent feel . Clay steps up to the plate and hits a home run with his debut album ! :-RRB- Clean and appropriate for kids and teens , and enjoyable for all ages . Buy with confidence .
 Music critics do n't understand what we see and hear in Clay ; they think they know more than we do about music . They do n't understand that we know what we like -- and that is Clay Aiken . Clay is a breath of fresh air and a gift to us all . Measure of A Man is a wonderful cd . It is beautifully done with great songs such as `` The Way '' and `` When you Say You Love Me '' and , of course , `` Measure of a Man . '' I hope Clay will continue to share his fabulous voice and music with us for many years to come .
 I love this CD . The songs are original and really define a style for Clay . I would recommend this CD to all Clay Aiken fans and anyone who can appreciate good music and talent . It was well worth waiting for . Good job , Clay !!
 I , like other ` claymates ' , have been waiting for this CD to come out since the show was over . Let me say ... it was worth the wait . The 12 tracks on this CD showcase how well Clay can sing whatever people want him to . It would have been nice if they included the lyrics to all the songs in the CD case or put in a few more pictures . I also think that a lot of his fans would have enjoyed it if he at least cowrote some of the songs , but he is a singer that can connect emotionally to songs , so you get the feel that he is actually singing about something he 's experienced . All in all , this is a CD i will listent to over and over again ! Thanks Clay for producing such a wonderful CD .
 I have never been a big music fan , but ever since I heard Clay Aiken sing , I became hooked . His CD is the first CD that I have ever purchased . I bought both his single and his new CD . I think the music is so inspiring and relaxing . I am so tired of music that has nothing but foul language and violence . Clay Aiken brings back music that is lifting to the soul . Music that you do n't have to worry about you children listening to because there are no offensive words . I totally love his CD and play it over and over . Just yesterday a young girl was in my vehicle and heard Clay sing `` No More Sad Song '' . Her words were `` that 's right , there 's enough of them '' . She is just thirteen and loved his CD . It 's nice to see young children be able to listen to music that does not encourage violence or negative lifestlyles . I applaud Clay Aiken for taking a stand and showing enough character to give the world what it sorely needs . Clean fresh and Wonderful music .
 I ran right out first thing Tuesday morning to buy this CD and I 'm so glad I did ! No disappointment here ! From the first to the last song on this CD , I was entranced ! What a great CD ! Every song on there had meaning and depth and was so far removed , Thank God , from all the garbage they try to tell us today we must love in order to be trendy like the criticts supposedly are . They have sold out ! When ever they hear decent music that is n't loaded with sexual inuendo and language that would make a sailer blush , they pan it ! But I 'm happy to report that some criticts are still not afraid of values and morals and actually support Clays efforts to bring a very meaningful , clean , but catchy and stylish compilelation of beautifully written and sung songs that do n't offend or shock ! What a voice ! What wonderfull songs ! I ca n't give this CD enough stars . It 's out of the ballpark .
 It took me a while to decide if I liked what I was hearing , I mean I loved Clay 's voice and the music was catchy , but by the third time through it though I found myself singing along . I think `` Survived '' is AWESOME . I also love `` The Way '' ... it 's a great , somewhat different way to capture what being in love feels like ... I have n't quiet figured out what the writer was saying in `` Measure of a Man '' but I do like the sound . I have to admit ... I am a Huge Aiken fan , but I was a little disappointed in the lyrics ... I was expecting a little more depth than the boy group bands today . He 's proven he can play the field for his first album ... maybe he 'll really showcase that voice on part two !! By the way , Hollywood seems so befuddled because the youngsters are going crazy for him . He 's not viewed by some as sex symbol because he looks the part . He 's sexy because of his smile and personality and humbleness and how secure he is with himself ... He just has , `` The Way . '' Give the girls a break Hollywood , our girls are n't as shallow as you want them to be !!!!!!
 As stated in a recent review of Clay 's CD in BILLBOARD MAGAZINE , `` Measure of a Man is the best pop album of 2003 ... Every note is brimming with ambition and glory ... It is an utter triumph of art and commerce . '' It 's hard to say it any better than that . Clay has such wonderful talent and it is showcased to perfection on this CD . I am amazed with the way that Clay connects with the songs . He matches his powerful voice with the feeling and emotion in each song . Not only is Clay an outstanding performer , he is also is a wonderful role model . Clay is the MEASURE OF A MAN !!! P.S. Be sure to cast your vote ONLINE for Clay - He was nominated for the American Music Award 's - Fan 's Choice Award and Favorite Male Vocalist !!
 I absolutely love it . Buy it now ! My favorite is When You Say I Love You ! Clay is the best , and you know he should have won !
 WOW !!!! WHAT ELSE IS THERE TO SAY ... I AM A 40 + FANATIC WHO WAS READY TO HIT THE STORES FOR MIDNIGHT RELEASE ... THIS ALBUM IS AWESOME . AS EXPECTED I LOVE EVERY SONG . TALK ABOUT CLAY AIKEN OBSESSION ... ASK MY FAMILY ... :-RRB- ... TO ALL OF YOU WHO DO N'T KNOW HOW MUCH THIS IS THE REAL DEAL ... IT IS ... ENJOY IT AS MUCH AS I DO ... THANK YOU CLAY FOR STICKING TO YOUR VALUES AND MAKING SUCH AN ENJOYABLE RECORD FOR EVERYONE ... YOU ARE LOVED IN ATLANTA
 I purchased the Clay Aiken CD on the day it was released . I love every song on the CD . The music is very spiritual and uplifting and just makes you feel good . I hope everyone who had doubts about Clays talent buys the CD and will see what I mean.GREAT WORK CLAY ... I KNEW YOU COULD DO IT ...
 The range of Clay Aiken 's vocal talent is astounding . The songs included in this CD showcases that he is capable of singing a variety of music types other than just ballads.This is one of those rare CD 's that you may have to buy a copy or two , just in case you wear it out from playing it over and over .
 I am a huge fan of Clay Aiken . He has the most incredibly beautiful voice I have heard in years . I awaited his new CD anxiously and was not disappointed . He has such a wonderful range to his voice and can sing anything . I could listen to him for hours and never tire of his voice . He has a wonderful gift and I look forward to more music from him . I will buy everything he ever makes ! Thank you Clay for making such beautiful music and for being such a nice young man .
 Since the first time I saw Clay 's lanky figure walk across my TV set , I have been chomping at the bit to get my hands on his full length CD . Now that the day has finally arrived , I am almost overcome by how much I enjoy this CD.For those who were somewhat dissapointed with the quality of his single , do not let that hinder you buying this CD . It is worth every single solitary penny.Each song is a powerhouse of Clay 's vocal ability , with more feeling in one syllable than in some artist 's whole albums.I believe the word has not been invented yet that can accurately describe how wonderfully talented he is .
 This is a beautiful CD . Interesting , emotional , energizing . Clay puts a unique mark on every song . You wo n't tire of it anytime soon .
 This CD is undoubtedly the most impressive CD I have heard in years . Aiken truly delivers on his debut album . A great mixture of ballads and Pop/Rock songs make this CD a must-have . Aiken 's voice is crisp and clear , flawless and fresh . He certainly has proven he can sing anything given to him.It 's great to finally have someone in this era who can have a positive impact on the young and old . He is truly an American Idol . I do n't know who said you have to promote `` sex , violence , and more sex '' to be a successful recording artist , but Aiken has shown you can make it as a respectful person . Cudos to Aiken for staying a role model for all !!! I look forward to his other projects .
 Measure of a Man is the single best CD I own , and will probably ever own unless Clay comes out with another CD , in which case noth will be the best CDs I own . The album has a variety of songs , all excelently sung . Clay 's voice is amazing . It 's quite evident that a lot of work has been put into this album . It is a must have .
 This is the best CD i ever heard im a huge clay fan my friendsand I went strait from school to the store to buy the CD we absolutely could n't wait clayhas the best voice ever and this CDand this CD is fantastic
 this is such a great cd ! every song it so incredible and it it great for all ages ! even if you were n't really a clay fan during the show i 'm sure you wil love this cd ! go buy your copy right now ! and it 's a GREAT gift for people .
 This album is truly a beautiful and heart filled . The perfect album to listen to on a long road trip . I rank Clay Aiken 's voice and talent right up there with the likes of Celine Dion and Brian Mcknight . This album will not only leave you captivated , you might also gain something from the message of his words . His compassion is riveting . I would consider this album more of a soft pop / contemporary album . Both young and old will be touched.Clay Aiken proves to be the TRUE Measure of a Man . ***** Stars !
 Finally , the day has come and Clay 's cd is out . It 's what Clay fans have been waiting for since January , and it was well worth waiting for ! I love EVERY single song on the CD is excellent , he could n't have done better . I am so proud of how far he has gone . This is an excellent CD and everyone should buy a copy !
 WOW ! what can i say ? Invisible is amazing . He sang it wonderfully on Jay Leno but it 's even better on the album . My favorites have to be I Survived You and Run To Me and I Will Carry You . I just finished listening to his album and it 's amazing . The melodies were almost to sweet and sugary but they worked . My all time favorite had to be Measure of a Man . That song is uplifing and special and very moving . I 'm singing it as i 'm typing right now . I 'm glad that 's also the title of the album . I 'm only 13 but I know music . It 's my passion and Clay 's voice is pure and one of a kind and he really will last for a long time . He 's my American Idol and my lifetime idol and I hope he stays true to himslef and his voice . Do n't let anyone push you around . Stand up for yourself . Clay 's range was well shown and i ca n't wait to hear him in his upcoming performances . I love him to death really wish him the best of luck . this album is an A + + + + + + + + + + + and everyone would be a fool not to get it . GOOD LUCK CLAY !!!!!! I LOVE YOU !!!!!!!
 Having worked in the music industry , I 'm quite familiar with the concept of ` many a slip twixt the cup & the lip ' . I was steeling myself for Clay 's album to be ... okay . It could n't be awful , not with that phenomenal voice , but it certainly could have been less than spectacular . Guess what ? It 's spectacular . Every track shines . The production is crystal clear and gives an intimacy and immediacy to the vocals . The lyrics are far smarter than the average pop dreck . The arrangements all have a twist -- some unusual chord progression , an unexpected change in dynamics -- that holds the attention fast and sets off Clay 's vocal strength and range . His interpretation of lyrics is remarkable ; he seems to inhabit the character in each song , in love or hurt or wherever . It 's never predictable pop . In short , Measure of a Man is beyond a doubt the best album I 've heard in years ... lots of years . God willing , this is the first of many marvelous recordings from this amazing man . Bravo , Clay !
 I LOVE his new album ! I knew that there was no way he could disappoint with a voice as beautiful and as powerful as his ! MY FAVORITE SONG IS `` THE WAY '' !!! I hope RCA makes this his new single ! Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE every song on this CD . I have never been so pleased with an album in my life . I totally respect Clay for taking a stand to have his CD made his way . After all , we fell in love with HIM , HIS style , HIS way . RCA does n't need to change him , just give us Clay as he is ! Some critics have referred to him as `` Gourment Vanilla '' , in that case , gim me a triple scoop ! : -RRB- I LOVE YOU CLAY & WILL SUPPORT YOU ALWAYS !!! Hugs , Shawna Wheeler , Central MaineSeat # 207 on the Clay Train
 The CD is a great one for Clay 's first . However , I am disappointed in the advertisement jingle for the next Joe Millionaire that starts up in the middle of some of the songs . Has anyone else had this problem ? In playing the entire CD ... this has happened 3-4 times .
 I could not wait for this cd and I was not dissappointed . Clay Aiken is the best thing that has come along to the music industry . His powerful voice his clean lyrics . His love ballads . this is what I 've been waiting for all my life . If I could I would give this cd 10stars .
 I have n't been able to stop listening to this cd since I got it last week . Just as I expected , Clay does not dissapoint . I love the entire cd , every song . But , my favorites , so far , are Invisible , of course , I will carry you , No more sad songs , Run to me , Shine , I survived you , Perfect day and Measure of a Man . Like I said , I love this cd ! I hope to start hearing a couple of these songs on the radio.Clay sounds fantastic on every song , but , on a couple of songs the music is too overpowering . Do n't get me wrong , the music was great , but , I want to hear Clay 's beautiful voice.I do n't know how many other Clay fans out there would agree with this , but , I would love Clay to do a cd of the songs he sang on American Idol . I 'd buy it in a minute.Measure of a Man is a great first cd for Clay , you 'll find yourself singing along after listening a couple of times . This young man is a true star . I highly recommend you go out and buy this cd . Clay rocks !!
 I usully only listen to one or two songs on a cd . . but with this cd I can honestly say I would not press fast foreward . . some I liked better than others . . favorites are . . I Will Carry You , No More Sad Songs , Run To Me -LRB- really , really liked -RRB- Shine , I survived You , Measure Of A Man -LRB- Clay put a lot of feeling in this song . . I would love to see him singing this song live -RRB- Touch . I saw Clay sing at the first game of the World series ... anyone who can sing The STAR Spancled Banner thw way Clay did , you just know that this guy has a voice that only comes a long once in a great while . Thanks Clay for sharing your talent with us .
 This CD gives me goosebumps . Clays voice is fantastic with a real edge to it . Completely different from the `` old stuff '' he sang on Amercian Idol . Not since I was 12 and discovered Barry Manilow have I felt like this about an artist.I am 33 now with a 9 year daughter who adores Clay . We love what he stands for and that he does n't compromise his beliefs . He is the kid that lives next door . You trust him and believe him . You ca n't fake it and he does n't . What a great role model !!! This CD shines !!!!! I will Carry You -LRB- exquisite -RRB- - Just love every song . Good for you Clay . Fight for want you want and continue to make your own sound.I wish you all the luck in the world . You are no longer wishing on someone elses star . Yours will forever shine brightly if you play it right.Love the Gardner familyxx
 Measure of a Man is the best pop album since Thriller .
 I could n't wait to buy Clay Aiken 's first CD . I listened to it over and over and he has the most amazing voice . At least you can understand what he is singing about . Every time I listen to it , I love it more and more and more . A very unique artist and I recommend that everyone have this CD in their collection .
 Although I am not one to normally take the time to share my opinion on things like this , I would have to say I feel I wanted to add something to the list of rave reviews . I love this CD ! Although I agree that I would have liked more than twelve songs , the songs included are wonderful ! Sometimes with something new you are drawn back by one or two songs hoping that they may `` grow on you '' but each song on the CD is great in my opinion . There was a great review given by Billboard on this CD , it will be interesting to see how it does . I personally feel this music is refreshing and a great choice over some of the trashy lyrics out there . Good luck to Clay on future endeavors ... it is nice to see good things happen to good people and I love to listen to that awesome voice ! My three year old also requests Clay Aiken !
 Clay and his songs have to be the best of the best that we have had in YEARS . I can even listen to music now with my children and grandchildren listening and do n't feel ashamed . Clay Aiken is truly a breath of fresh air , a new lease on life and we all should be PROUD that finally , a true , non-tattoed , non woman chasing , non drug taking & non sex addict , nice young AWESOME Artist that really cares about people but still has that shy sex appeal and morals has emerged !!! THANK THE LORD !! IT 'S ABOUT TIME !!!!! CLAY , YOU DID THE WORLD AND RCA PROUD AND THANK YOU RCA FORRECOGNIZING THIS AND PUTTING HIM ON YOUR PRIORITY LIST !!!!! His mother Faye and his grandmother are to be commended !!! HE IS WHAT THE `` MEASURE OF A MAN '' STANDS FOR !!!
 Run do not walk to get this collection of inspiring and awesome songs . Clay Aiken has the most unique voice heard since Elvis . I recommend this cd and the single Solitaire as the best cds in a very long time . Thank you RCA for giving us this amazing voice of clay aiken .
 One of the most beautiful CD 's ever !! Not a bad song on the CD and certainly nothing offensive , just a pure beautiful voice . Thank you Clay !!
 I have reviewed this album before and have not changed my mind at all - it is absolutely the best music out there . Clay has everything going for him . Eclectic - I and 8 other members of my family will join you in Glendale .
 This CD is simply fantastic ! I still can not get enough of it !
 Clay is `` The '' singer for me ! There are many others that I enjoy listening to , but Clay is number one for me . I love his wonderful voice and of course his personality just makes him even more in my eyes . When I put his CD on I ca n't help but to sing along . My favorites are Perfect Day , When You Say You Love Me , Measure of a Man , Invisible , I Survived You and of course This is the Night . Actually , I like all the songs on this CD . When I read the occasional ` bad ' review someone leaves here I just ca n't understand it ! Maybe Clay 's style of music may not be to your liking , but if you really listen to the quality of his voice you 've got to admit that guy can sing !
 Fabulous CD for first timer Clay Aiken . Incredible voice and music will appeal to all age crowd . Congratulations Clay ... you deserve the best !!!
 I love every single song on this CD ! I have never purchased a CD where I never skip over a song ! I bought the CD the day it came out and I have never tired yet of listening to all of the songs . My favourite song on the CD is `` The Way '' which is apparently going to be Clay 's next single . People I know have purchased the CD just after listening to a few of the songs while driving in my car and I 'm talking about people from my middle age relatives to my daughter 's teenage friends ! I 've always loved music and I highly recommend this CD !
 I 've been listening to Clay 's Measure of a Man CD for the past two months . I never get tired of hearing Clay 's compelling , rich , vibrant voice . If I am feeling blue , listening to `` Shine '' has a way of lifting my spirits and soon the day becomes brighter because of the hope Clay 's words and emotion inspire in me ! I also find renewed energy when Clay sings `` I Survived You . '' His song puts in perspective troubled relationships and the control one can have over them . For anyone who loves to hear inspirational songs by someone with an outstanding voice this CD is for you . There is something for everone in this CD -- the range is tremendous . Clay sings each song the way he sings on AI2 , with complete dedication . From `` I Will Carry You '' which can also speak of the kind of support a parent gives to his child to `` Invisible '' for young teens who feel overwhelmed by the possibility of rejection , Clay 's performance is `` electric . '' Anyone in love will be mesmerized by `` The Way , '' `` Touch , '' and `` This is the Night . '' You wo n't be disappointed . Buy this CD . It 's something you will treasure for a long time .
 When I first got this , I thought it would be typical Justin Timberlake pop songs , but then I listened to it and was simply stunned . Most of the songs on this CD do relate to relationships but that 's okay , because Clay uses all of his talent in each song to make it special . From start to finish , you 'll love this CD . * One of the best songs on this whole CD is called `` I Will Carry You '' - Number 2 * ~ Lexie Burnett
 You know that an artist is popular when he garners so many reviews from so many people that love and hate him but this guy is a rising star!It took a lot of guts to get up in front of a panel of judges to audition for American Idol and then even more guts to sing in front of Simon and the rest of America!This album contains songs from different genres of popular music so there 's something for everyone . I personally love them all ! Give it a chance . I 'm sure that you will NOT be disappointed.We gave Clay a chance and look where he is now!And for those of you who keep saying that he 's ugly , take a good look at yourself in the mirror and see what 's inside .
 I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM AS SOON AS IT HIT THE STORE AND AS SOON AS I LISTENED TO IT I LOVED EVERY TRACK . IM SICK OF LISTENING TO THE STUFF THE DISC JOCKS THINK ARE GOOD SINGERS . RAP AND THE YELLING AND CURSING FOR SHOCK VALUE TO SELL SOMETHING AND CALL IT TALENT . I LIKE ALL TYPES OF MUSIC AS LONG AS THE SINGING IS GOOD AND THE MUSIC IS GOOD BUT SO MANY POP AND ROCK STATIONS DONT KNOW WHAT IS TRUE ARTISTIC WORK ANY MORE . IM NOT SAYING ITS ALL BAD BUT TOO MUCH OF IT IS . CLAY WAS WONDERFUL TO LISTEN TO ON THE SHOW AND EVEN BETTER ON THE NEW ALBUM . ITS RARE TO FIND AN ALBUM THAT ALL THE SONGS ARE GOOD BUT CLAY HAS DONE IT AND I WILL NODOUBT BUY EVERYTHING HE PUTS OUT IN THE FUTURE.I CONTINUE TO LEAVE THIS CD IN MY CAR PLAYER AND LISTEN TO IT OVER AND OVER .
 When was the last time you bought a CD and loved every single song ? This is a CD that will definately please anyone who listens to it . Each day my favorite track changes . Easy to listen to , emotional lyrics , and upbeat songs - this CD has it all . I 'll be listening to this for a long time .
 I bought this CD the day that it was released , I 've seen the critics reviews , and I do n't agree , Clay Aiken is one of the most talented guys singing today , and it can only get better , this CD shows what a powerful sound he has , I especially like `` I surviveed you '' . I would recommend this CD to anyone who loves pop music .
 Unlike most of you , I 'm one who loves Clay and Ruben equally , but for different reasons . I always said I 'd pay to hear Clay sing pop live , and pay to hear Ruben sing smokier soul through my stereo while relaxing at home . I had thought Clay 's album might come out weak if the producer got too schmaltzy with it.Well , my fears were vanquished . I am VERY pleasantly surprised . They worked with this extremely talented singer , stretching his voice into a variety of songs which represent the gamut from `` clean rock '' -LRB- I 'm an open-minded Christian adult and am NOT an angry guy filled with angst , thank you very much -RRB- to adult contemporary ballads to country-tinged . I 've have this CD on my car stereo and am already singing in traffic to the choruses . As much as I loved Kelly 's debut , SINGING IN TRAFFIC I DID NOT DO WITH HER CD -LRB- although I * LOVE * Miss Independent -RRB- . Measure of a Man is a DEFINITE buy for anyone who loves pop/rock/AC . I did n't give it 5 stars because I know that Clay 's skill and intensity can mature and improve from this incredible debut . -LRB- Folks , you do n't want `` Thriller '' syndrome where it 's downhill from here ! -RRB- So I 'll call it 4 outstanding stars with a strong career ahead of him and the potential for a future CD that is super-exceptional and takes some artistic risks.If the producer of Ruben 's CD works with him the way Clive Davis worked with Clay , then his CD will be as intensely satisfying as Clay 's , especially for those of us who enjoy a wider range of music that stretches from pop and rock into R&B ; / Soul and Hip-Hop . People , these two artists COMPLEMENT each other . They are n't competing . The AI folks have found a way to use two artists to blanket the ENTIRE pop/rock/soul spectrum . A single artist would n't be able to easily do that . So enjoy whichever part of the spectrum you normally enjoy.So why do I like Clay 's album so much ? EASY-listening with STRONG radio potential , especially for Invisible and I will Carry You . -LRB- Do I detect a little bit of Coldplay in that second song ? -RRB- Are these exceptional pop/rock songs ? NO . But they are GREAT to listen too . Sorta like good pizza and good chicken soup are good and soothing , even though they are not foie gras . Yes , I DO belt the choruses while driving . Every time . Just like with a Celine Dion song.All the songs on the album are great to listen to . I also like When You Say You Love Me -LRB- I like quasi-country -RRB- and the final track , which has a good beat to it . I love the ballads , enjoying them more and more with each listen , but I find that I really like the way Clay rocks . This I did n't expect ! I want MORE of his rocking!A superb freshman effort . But please leave room for some growth . When you consider the albums out there that show an artist at their absolute best -- Diva by Annie Lennox , Surfacing by Sarah McLachlan , Sports by Huey Lewis and the News , Measure of a Man is NOT the album that shows Clay at his absolute best . It 's a bit careful and safe , airbrushed professional song writing and production , nuanced for maximum airplay . It 's a money maker and a fan builder , which is what AI is all about . Remember , Diane Warren songs make a LOT of money , but I do n't think you could EVER call her music `` edgy '' . All that said , I ca n't WAIT til Clay 's next * 5 * albums come out !!!
 This CD was soooo good !! Makes me want to sing every songand makes me happy -- that is so rare these days -- to let music take you to brighter days !!! I loved it and I want some more of it !!!!!!!
 `` Measure of a Man '' has debuted at No. 1 ! Billboard has named the CD as Best Pop Album of 2003 ! Why do n't you buy one or more of Clay Aiken 's CD ? I guarantee you that you will love the lyrics , the music , Clay 's wonderful voice , the high and low notes , the emotion that he brings into the 12 tracks , absolutely takes you to another place . `` Perfect Day '' and `` Shine '' are very Beatlesque songs . I 'm sure these 2 songs will do very well . `` Invisible '' is a catchy song and is already doing very well on the radio in the States ; hopefully , our radio stations will play it more often soon . My favourite of the 12 is `` Measure of a Man '' . A wonderful song that makes you stop and think.Buy Clay Aiken today - you wo n't regret it !
 I was really reluctant to buy this cd . I read some article in Time magazine that said even RCA would not willingly listen to his cd . I 'm so not going to let some record executives decide my taste in music . I wondered what was so horrible on this cd . There is nothing really horrible about this cd.The lyrics are n't terribly profound or anything . It is a tiny bit over produced . That said , this is a great pop cd . I do n't normally listen to pop anymore because nobody from that genre can sing . Clay Aiken has pipes , the better to hit the money notes . He does that sometimes , but not often . A lot are probably ready to paint him as the male Celine Dion , but Clay showcases a lot of range all while having a variety of music.You got ta love Perfect Day , Carry You , and When You Say You Love Me for being so darn feel good and happy . If you think these are Singin in the Rain showtunes , you 'd be wrong . The only thing that comes close to being broadway is Run to Me and even that is a pretty sexy song -LRB- his voice makes it sexy -RRB- . Touch is just flat out sexy , although I have to picture a hot dude singing this one . No More Sad Songs is sung with a raw edge and a new kind of power . Shine is corny and inspirational . What the heck , all of the songs are good in their own way . They are not too original , but they are fun .
 Clay Aiken 's vocal range is very well showcased on his very first full-length CD . Billboard Magazine 's review was spot-on in their assessment of its greatness . Received mine from Amazon.com on its first day of release , and have spent the last week listening to it . The entire CD is very well produced , but favorite songs so far are
 I am thrilled to have someone like Clay Aiken to listen to . He is truly an artist above all the other out there right now . He is someone you can look up to and the whole family can listen to . He has an awesome voice . My family and I ca n't wait to hear what else he has to offer . He makes you want to smile each time you hear his voice . It is so refreshing !
 If you liked Clay on AI , you 'll love this .
 I just love this CD and love Clay !!! Clay 's voice is so amazing and I get chills evertime I listen to him . My favorite from this cd were hard to choose but I think I like Invisible , Measure of a Man , and The Way the best . But I love all of them.This cd is amazing and if you are huge Clay fan , you need this cd !!
 My favorite songs on the CD are Invisible , I Survived You , Perfect Day , Measure Of A Man & Touch . They are all good , those are just my favorites . Of course This Is The Night is one of them . It 's worth every penny . In fact I bought two CD 's . Clay I wish you all the luck in the world . You have a beautiful voice and you 've proven that . You are my AMERICAN IDOL ! CLAY ALL THE WAY !! I LOVE YOU !
 This is great collection of songs and Clay is an amazing singer.Go buy !
 This is a wonderful CD - if you are a Clay fan -LRB- or not ! -RRB- , you will not be disappointed . His voice is amazing and he sings with such passion . Read the liner notes - you will see what a great person this man is !
 Very rare to find an album where every song is fabulous . . Outstanding job Clay Aiken !!!!
 It 's about time we had a CD like this released by a young artist . There is a nice mix of ballads and up tempo songs like Invisible and Touch . I 'm so sick of hearing the same garbage over and over and over coming out from young artists . It 's all sounds the same and the lyrics are the same . No wonder sales # 's are down . Do n't blame it on file swapping , we 're just sick of everything that 's on the radio today . America is bored . We needed a change of pace and something new and we found it in this CD.This is a true pop album and hopefully we will see a shift in the music that we hear on our radios starting with this man . Perhaps he will help us to rediscover the greatness of REAL pop music and what it truely means to be a pop star.I think America finally woke up when they heard this young man 's voice coming from their radios or TV , whether it was from AI or the Miss America pagent , his voice is hard to ignore or the talent impossible to deny . This CD is a breath of fresh air . The music is beautiful and you get to hear Clay 's soaring voice . Thank you Clay for being you and to RCA for letting him stay true to himself.He may not have that American Idol title on his mantle , but he is on the road to becoming the next American Icon in music . And that 's something that no one from that show , past , present or future will ever be able to compete with him for . That title is his and his alone .
 The song choices for this CD are excellent . As the album was playing , I could n't decide which track I liked better . Not since the Beatles have I been able to say honestly that I loved each and every one of the songs . Invisible , The Way , When You Say You Love Me , Measure of a Man , and Touch are incredible . I hope this is only the first of a long string of great albums . Well done , Clay , well done .
 I have just finished listening to Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' for about the 8th time and all I can say is WOW !!! I love every song on the CD and really ca n't decide which one is my favorite . I truly believe that several of these songs have the potential to become mega-hits . I hear echos of other performers in some of the songs - The Beatles , Elton John , Chicago , and Marc Anthony , most notably . Clay 's range and versatility really shine on the album ! `` Measure of a Man '' and `` The Way , '' in particular , give me goose bumps . `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` Touch '' make me want to get up and dance - I ca n't keep my feet still when listening to them . `` I Will Carry You , '' `` Run to Me , '' I Survived You , '' and `` No More Sad Song '' are unbelieveably and powerfully emotive . `` Invisible '' is simply fun and `` This is The Night '' makes me feel a sense of pride - it could well be Clay 's theme song . `` Perfect Day '' and `` Shine '' are upbeat and make me feel a sense of joy that I have n't experienced from music in a long , long time . What a breath of fresh air ! Thank you Clay ! You are simply amazing !
 CLAY HAS THE ABILITY TO PROJECT THE TRUE FEELING OF THE LYRICS . HIS BEAUTIFUL VOICE AND UNPRETENTIOUS DEMEANOR MAKES HIM A TRUE STAR !
 I like this album a lot . Clay has a wonderful voice and he uses it well here . The songs are really good , too . I love Invisible , The Way , When You Say You Love Me , Measure of a Man and Run to Me the best , but all of the songs are good . This CD makes a nice Christmas gift .
 I ca n't stop listening to this album . Every day my favorite song changes . There are no duds on this album . Clay 's wonderful voice in combination talented songwriters make this CD a joy to listen to .
 I listened to the parts of the songs that amazon put up and immediatly wanted more . I finally got the cd , and all I can say is oh , my , God . This CD is simply amazing . He has a smooth voice , and is one of the few artists that does n't sing the crappy , depressing stuff . AMAZING ! I will buy any CD he comes out with , no questions asked .
 Being a 31-year old male , I am probably not the typical Clay Aiken fan . As with many , the first time I heard the album I was disappointed ... very disappointed . After I listened to it a couple more times it started to grow on me . Now , I think its actually very well done , and Clay 's vocals on the album are absolutely incredible.For those who were unimpressed with the album , I encourage you to listen to it again ... maybe even twice . If you still do n't like it , fine - shelf it ... but I think you 'll find it will grow on you.It seems a lot of people had a similar experience ... the more they listened , the more they liked it . I have also noticed that reviews written within the first few days after the release have been much more negative than those written a week or two later.So ... listen to it again !
 This CD by Clay Aiken will touch the hearts of the young and the old ! So refreshing in todays area of ` harsh ' music . True love songs for the young and young at heart , and for those of us who are older , it will bring back those memories of time past ! Our youth of today will be able to hear what really ` good ' music is all about and have an ` idol ' in Clay , that we want them to look up to ! Everyone in my family will receive one for Christmas !! Hope to hear many many more songs from Clay Aiken ...
 I 'm giving the CD `` Measure or a Man '' a 5 star rating just because I know this guy can sing . He has one of the most beautiful , powerful , uplifting voices I have heard in a long time . I love to listen to his new CD , although , I do n't know who is responsible for the decisions of songs or how Clay is to sing them , but whoever this person is , is trying to hold him back from showing the talent and God given voice that he has . Just because he came in # 2 in the American Idol should not be a reason to let him or anyone else fall short of being all they can be . I was so looking forward to this CD that when I listened to it I kept waiting for this powerful voice to come through . On some of the songs the backup and music just drowns him out . I bought three CD 's and will buy more just because I know how great this guy sings . No one should take from him just to try to fluff Ruben 's sales up when his CD comes out . Everyone that has heard Clay 's first CD knows he has what it takes to be a great artist . And to try to take away from him to glorifiy someone else is totally wrong . Clay 's CD is always in my CD player one place or another and he will always be at the top of my list . It would be fantastic to have the next CD with his choice of songs and be able to hear that great and powerful voice of his .
 This young man has impressed me since day one on A.I. . When I bought his single I knew what to expect for his album . I bought the cd recently and have played it only three times -LRB- being brand new -RRB- but I love it ! It 's worth more than five stars ! This young man can sing ! He is so very talented and has a huge following . I ca n't wait to hear what he 's got planned for next year ! Hey Clay , you need to do a Christmas cd , too ! I will buy it as soon as it comes out ! Go on ... you can do it . I 'll buy it !!! I swear ! You are an A + in my book of music
 I love this cd and my daughter does too . I 'm so happy to find a cd with music I really like and from such a positive role model for everybody today !
 This album is jam packed with good music . Every song is a potential number 1 hit on the radio . But , since the ignorant radio stations do n't seem to be getting the message , treat yourself and buy the CD . `` Measure of a Man '' , `` Run to Me '' , and `` Perfect Day '' are the best three songs of all . If those were the only three songs on the CD , I would still recommend that you buy it !!
 This is the first CD I have purchased in years thatI love every track . For some reason Clay 's voice seemsto touch my heart . His phrasing and pitch is so perfect.I would recommend this CD to anyone who wants to hearmusic you can understand and relate to . Makes me wantto fall in love again . Thanks Clay for your beautifulvoice and equally beautiful soul .
 I love every single song on this album ... he sings with such emotion and power . I have n't heard a voice like his in my whole life !
 absolutely listenable over and over again . I did at work ! Pressure the radio stations to play his music . Hope he sells a million !!!!
 I am just an ordinary guy.I know very little about how to properly critique a work of art , for that is precisely what Measure of a Man is ... to me . So the best I can do is to vote with my wallet . Just like most of you . And , where possible , to encourage a few others to do the same . You see , I have been deeply moved by this music , so much so that I wish others might share my experience.I am not so terribly significant in the scheme of things to deserve a complementary CD to better compose witty , urbane , self-absorbed reviews , nor would I permit myself the luxury of a platform whereupon I might proclaim to all the ` little people ' out there that I understand the very essence of music and the depths to which it must necessarily take us . I leave that privelage to those men and women of the fourth estate who possess all the answers that trouble our uncluttered minds not to mention the willingness to harness their hollow conclusions for the benefit of mankind.I am just one , you see . And one is many .
 The music is amazing , the voice is amazing and the person is 100 % real . Whether you are in the over 30 or under 30 crowd Clay appeals to everyone . I think Clay is going to be one of the people that rises to the top and stays there in whatever he does . His voice is soothing and his down home charm comes through . I would buys this album over and over again .
 I bought Clay 's album last night because I really like the radio cut of `` Invisible '' , some people laughed when I told them what I bought , but I have to say I 'm impressed with the release . Clay has no expectations to live up to other than his live performances , and those dynamics are hard to reproduce in the pop world , unless they release a live recording . There have been many comments about the fact that his voice sounds different , I think they should stop listening to their cheesy computer speakers or MP3 headphones , put this on a good system and Clay sounds great !! I find his voice quite controlled and not overbearing -- he 's not Mariah , and frankly the vocal gymnastics are annoying -- his vocal phrasing is superb and mature -- the emotion is good , listen to track 3 `` The Way '' and let yourself into the music , I had goosebumps on my arm !! I really enjoy his voice , and I 'm glad the broadway/showtune antics did n't show up too much on the album -- There are a few clunkers on the album , but for a new pop release , it 's better than most -- my hat 's off to Clay , I wish the lyrics could have been included in the CD instead of the poster of Clay , and in the liner notes , he thanks everyone in painstaking detail -- which is nice , but I would have enjoyed reading the lyrics more -- in the end -- the music is what counts , and I promise you 'll be hearing more from him when the Britneys Justins and Nelly 's have gone to one hit wonder land -- there 's a lot of unconquered music territory for his voice , Christian , even Country ! -- Good Job Clay !!!
 Wow !!! great cd , I love all the songs and Clay has such a super voice . I will listen to this over and over and am looking forward to hearing the songs on the radio as well !! Super Job Clay !!!!
 Wonderful CD . Such a beautiful and unique voice . Clay Aiken did n't knuckle under to the industry . He put out something that he can be proud of and the rest of us can enjoy for years . Thankfully , no silly teeny bopper stuff to be found here . I 'd like him to put out another , but next time I 'd love to hear that voice do older songs , true classics .
 All throughout American Idol , I adored Clay . His looks , his voice , everything . I bought `` Measure of a Man '' yesterday on it 's first day of release , and I have n't heard anything this good in years . I think this is one of the best albums I have ever heard . If you watched American Idol 2 but never liked Clay , buy this album ... you 'll be a fan
 Outstanding . A CD I can finally listen to with my grandchildren and they love it as much as I do . Keep up the good work Clay !!!
 Usually on a CD you get a few songs you just can not help but skip over ... well music fans not with this one ... I honestly can say each could be a hit ! Great job Clay ! Such a pleasure to be able to listen to great music sung by someone with such a talent . Do n't hessitate to add it to your CD collection !
 CLAY AIKEN ... YES . . HE IS THE MAN ... AFTER YEARS OF THIS NASTY FOUL TALK THAT THEY HAVE BEEN CALLING MUSIC COMES THIS SKINNY RED HAIRED YOUNG MAN WITH SUCH A BEAUTIFUL VOICE . HE BRINGS WITH HIM HIS CHARM , GOOD CHARACTER AND STRONG CHISTIAN BELIEFS.YOU WILL ALWAYS BE ABLE TO LISTEN TO HIS MUSIC WITH YOUR CHILDREN AND NOT WORRY THAT THEY MIGHT HEAR SOMETHING THAT YOU WOULD NOT WANT THEM TO HEAR . I 'M OLD ENOUGH TO REMEMBER WHEN SINGERS LIKE PAT BOONE , PERRY COMO , NEIL SEDAKA , SMOKEY ROBISON , THE MILLS BROTHERS , LITTLE ANTHONY , AND OLD BLUE EYES FRANK SINATRA GAVE US BEAUTIFL MUSIC . I THINK YOU GET THE DRIFT . WATCHING AMER.IDOL 1 AND 2 GAVE US A CHANCE TO HEAR THE GOOD OLD SONGS.AND OUR CHILDREN ... YES OUR YOUNGSTERS HEARD AND LOVED THESE SONGS AS WELL.CLAY AIKEN HAS AN AWESOME VOICE AND CONNECTS WITH ALL AGES . A CHARMING YOUNG MAN WHO WILL BE AROUND FOR A LONG TIME .
 I have had this CD since its release in October . My first listen was one of disappointment as the instrumentation seemed too loud and I had expected to hear more of that deep , pure quality of his voice that had captivated me during the Idol performances . However , I was unable to put this CD down -- it really did grow on me , especially when I listened to it through headphones and was able to pick up `` that voice '' more clearly . My admiration for Clay , however , has been sealed tightly since I have had the chance to see him perform in Miami with Kelly Clarkson . His voice shone through with EVERY song , and he demonstrated much versatility as he incorporated a captivating acoustic segment -LRB- pure magic -RRB- and an amazing interpretation of Prince 's `` When Doves Cry '' . His voice is pure , strong , and beautiful ; his connection with the audience is mesmerizing . His talent is undeniable . As a first attempt , this CD is quite good -- but nothing compared to what I know he will grace us with in the future . His intuition for both his music and his audience is much too real !
 Amazing voice , amazing talent ! A superstar is truly born!Clay 's songs are unique and I never tire of listening to it.His performances of `` Invisible '' , `` The Way '' and `` Solitaire '' are outstanding!Clay , you are the best thing that ever happened in my life and to American Idol!I would certainly like to hear more about you , and may you have many more CD 's to come!Great job !
 I absolutely love this album !! If I could give it a million stars , I definitely would !!!! Clay 's voice is amazing and I have to say that I prefer him over Ruben !!!! Ruben also has great talent , too , but he does n't bean Clay !!!! The best songs on the album are `` Invisible '' and `` Measure of a Man '' . Here 's song by song -LRB- rated on 5 stars -RRB- . Invisible 5/5 - Tied for best song on the album . An excellent pick for the first single.I Will Carry You 4/5 - A solid song!The Way 5/5 - Clay sounds absolutely marvelous on this great track.When You Say You Love Me 3/5 - I do n't like this song as much . Clay is the only reason I like to listen to it.No More Sad Songs 3/5 - Another one I 'm not crazy about!Run to Me 4/5 - A really good song that can stick in your head!Shine 4/5 - Another solid song ! A nice smooth song!I Survived You 5/5 - A powerful song in my opinion . Clay really belts out this tune!This Is The Night 4/5 - A song I am glad they decided to include on this album!Perfect Day 3/5 - A pretty good song ! I do n't like it as much as most , though!Measure of a Man 5/5 - The other song that is the best on the album ! I think this shows off some of Clay 's best work yet ! I think it should be a single.Touch 3/5 - A pretty good tune but definitely not the best!Overall , its definitely my favorite album of any of the American Idols and runners-up so far ! I wish they would have included `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' and `` Solitaire '' on the album , but it is still a tremendous compilation !!! I ca n't wait for Clay 's next one
 I have to admit , I thought maybe I would be disappointed with his CD since he had to rush to put it out . But I loved it . I just wish the music industry would admit that yes ... he is an American Idol . Great Voice and talent .
 I am afraid after listening to Clay 's incredible voice it has ruined me for other musical selections I used to like . I keep comparing the voices with Clay 's and they do not measure up . I am 76 years old and have always been interested in music especially since I am old enough to have heard all the great singers of a lot of eras . I can not remember anyone to compare with Clay - he is the whole package , and this CD is totally awesome from start to finish . Hope more CDs come out soon , Clay - keep 'em coming .
 I watched the last night of American Idol and did n't go to any concerts but I purchased Clay Aiken 's CD because I liked his song `` THis is the Night '' . What a very pleasant surprise . This CD is chuck full of amazing songs - I did n't skip any of them . Never have I purchased a CD that I can truly say I like every song on it . Actually the more I play it the more addicting it becomes . Clay , you have a new fan . By the way thanks to all the negative reviews , you are the ones that made me so curious that I had to purchase this CD . I just realized you all probably are not Clay fans and never even purchased this CD because it would be impossible for you to really hate this CD that much .
 This CD is for everyone !! It has some slow , romantic songs , that just makes your heart want to melt ! Then he 's got songs that just want to make you dance , whether your sitting down or walking down the street ! Clay diffinately knew what his fans wanted and to get new fans ! With the lyrics , they just want to make you learn them so you can sing along with Clay 's AMAZING voice !! He makes you feel the lyrics , even if you have n't felt that situation in your life ! I 'm blown away by this album and do n't ever skip any of the songs ! Measure of a Man is a MUST HAVE !!!
 This is the best CD I have heard in a long time , it is nice to see this great singer sing such beautiful music . Clay Aiken is by far the best singer that we have today .
 I bought MOAM , the single with This is the Night , and now the new single with `` Solitaire '' . For those of you who do n't understand why MOAM went triple platinum , you will now know if you buy `` The Way/Solitaire '' from Amazon . Clay can sing and Clay can pull your heartstrings , and that is why you must now check out this full-length CD . You will discover `` Run to me '' , Shine , Touch , and the list goes on . He does music the way it should be done ... with class .
 I give this CD 4 stars . I wo n't elaborate this review with my personal opinion of each song , as everyone has his or her favorites , which may differ from mine . But generally speaking , this is a very good debut album . Many songs are well written and like one reviewer has said , `` Perfect Day '' should be a Grammy nominee for song writing . However , I found several songs to suffer from over production , with the lead and bass guitars nearly drowning out Clay 's golden pipes . On songs like `` Run To Me '' , `` I Survived You '' and `` Measure Of A Man '' I wish I could reach over and cut back on the accompanying instruments ' volume level and turn up Clay 's soaring voice . But the first two songs show the man can ROCK ! I found other tunes like `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` Touch '' to have some really good hooks that stick in your head for hours-good pop tunes that are n't old news after the third listen . Unfortunately , I found `` I Will Carry You '' to be somewhat forgettable and a not so innocent `` borrowing '' of the lyrics from Bruce Springsteen 's excellent `` If I Should Fall Behind '' . Let me just say this reviewer is no `` Claymate '' nor am I the typical pop music listener . My eclectic tastes generally run from being an avid fan of John Hiatt and Little Feat , to alternative rock bands like 3 Doors Down , Counting Crows , Porcupine Tree , and Dave Matthews Band , to folk balladeers like Greg Brown , John Gorka and Lucy Kaplansky . I am a married 50 + male who rarely listens to pop radio because of it 's repetitive drivel , sung by over-hyped pop stars who
 I 've read many of the reviews posted on Amazon - most of them echo what I felt when I first heard this CD -- it 's the best CD I have bought in a long time . I listen to MOAM at least 2 to 3 times a day - Clay Aiken 's voice just makes me feel happy - sounds corny ; but in the world we live in today it 's nice to feel that again . I did n't realize how snarky , and snotty the music industry was until I read some of the `` critics '' reviews of this CD - I guess I just do n't get it - what 's wrong about a pure & honest talent ?? Do yourself a favor-buy this CD - The Way , Shine , I Will Carry You , I Survived You - in fact the whole CD is excellent -- I never skip a song - I start my day with this CD & I end it with this CD.Clay , next time make it a double CD - & quickly .
 I listened to Measure of a Man after hearing it butchered on AI last night , and then hearing the snippet of Clay singing it . WOW ! this is a beautiful song . If all you 've heard is Invisible , you have n't heard the best of Clay . This song , and Run To Me and The Way are beautiful , emotional songs . Love it !
 I ca n't believe the immaturity of these reviews . I guess it is where America is going . For all you Clay haters , pop music haters , Kelly and Rueben lovers , who gave him 1 star , like anyone is going to believe your review and you should probably go back to kindergarten and start all over with growing up . For all the Clay lovers who are screaming that he is the best , great that you support him , but it does n't help anyone in making a decision on buying his CD . For all you people who quote one Billboard review or the fact that the CD went Double Platinum in a week , duh , you do n't need to come here to learn this . Finally for those who expected a Josh Groban , or Barry Manilow type album , Clay is Clay Aiken and nobody else , so do n't throw your pre-expectations at us , worse off is the people who think the3s songs are wrong for Clay , who cares and who made you the keeper of Clay . And the worse of all , the people who are disappointed because they wanted to hear past cover songs on the CD , remember Leif Garret . He went nowhere with it!I listened to the CD for a week before making a decision . I think Clive Davis is a genius here ! Almost the greatest genius since the Beatles first started . He put together a bunch of catchy songs that will sell Clay into the music world , while deleting all preconceived stereotypes of the young man . Most professional critics ' reviews I have read on the CD are unfair and seem to attack Clay as a person rather than a singer , or had preconceived notions of what should be on the CD . Unprofessional and I think most people should at least listen to the CD before those reviews . I was shocked by the differences I heard.My non - bias review of each song : Invisible
 I followed Clay through the American Idol process from start to finish and all I can say is I hope this is just the begining of what should be a long and successful career . This CD was fabulous and well worth the wait . There is n't a bad song on it and his voice is simply mesmerizing . I think there are several songs on it that could be hits for him . Anyway you slice it , I will buy as many CD 's as this young man records . Not easy for a forty something woman to admit .
 My old one was worn out , I 'd played it so much . Had to come back for more.Our family loves to listen to this during car trips ... we all sing along and it is a really great cd .
 I did n't watch the second season of American Idol and was quite wary of the hype surrounding second place winner Clay Aiken . -LRB- I 'm always a little cautious when it comes to things of mass appeal . -RRB- However , when I heard Clay 's CD , I was blown away ! It 's a very adult contemporary album , but even though I 'm not technically an adult yet , I 'm in love with it . Each track is enjoyable and his voice is so strong . It 's a bit overproduced , but I 'm sure that his record company just wanted him to have a great first album and pulled out all the stops . Get Measure of a Man - you wo n't regret it !
 I personally found that this is one of the best cd 's i have ever listened to . Clay aiken is not only the true american idol , but a wonderful young man with a very positve outlook and message . How refreshing . I recently tried to get concert tickets to his tour with kelly clarkson in N.C , only to find them all sold out . Instead I will will be driving to washington d.c to take my 3 year old for her birthday to his concert at the mci center . His voice is so beautiful and almost reverant . I would give this cd 10 stars if it were allowed !!!!!
 There seem to be only two reviews for this album , either 5 or 1 stars . So I already know that the 5 stars are all Claymaniacs while I 'm only indifferent to mildly impressed by Clay.So for the most part , I only read the negative reviews on this site prior to my purchase , thinking that I should get the `` other '' opinion on Clay 's debut album.I still bought the CD because while I do n't think Clay is the best singer on Earth , I truly honestly am not ashamed to support a decent individual with a good cause -LRB- Bubel/Aiken Foundation -RRB- . So when I put the CD in my car , I thought , what the hey , I purchased it anyway , why not listen . I was expecting an awful CD because of the bad reviews here but I was pleasantly surprised by how good it is . I especially like tracks no. 3 and 7 . Listening to this CD is not unlike watching a movie where you have zero expectations and then being pleasantly surprised by a gem of a movie . So thank you , negative reviewers , by setting my expectations low , you turned this CD into a real gem .
 I was so excited to get this CD . I absolutely love Clay as a person and performer . But when I bought it and listened to it the first time , I have to be honest and say it was n't quite what I expected and I was a little disappointed . But the more I listened to it the more I grew to appreciate it , and now realize that this is a wonderful album , definately one of the best albums I own !! Clay has a very bright future ahead of him , and that is evident in this album ! His voice is beautiful and his style is very versatile . He conveys such a positive , strong and loving message in all his music , without all the degrading language that is plaguing music now . So if you enjoy soft , romantic , and very touching music please give this album a chance , you wo n't be disappointed !
 In response to Michael Lewek 's less than valid comment on Clay 's C.D. I find it lacking substantial evidence to substaniate that Clay 's C.D. is n't worth buying . Instead of impressing how you dont understand what the title means , why dont you actually comment on his amazing singing voice ? Clay has molded this C.D. into his own , and has crafetd it with integrity and passion . The perfectiong is evident in ever track , as each is unique and powerful . This C.D. is truly different in the sense that it is not devoted to sexual lyris , but is truly a portrayal of what music shuold be . `` I try not to get upset about all this marketing stuff because I 'm saving it for the time that they tell me that I need to do a song about ` Let 's hook up and have sex . ' '' - Clay Aiken
 I followed Clay on AI and was thrilled to have RCA do his recordings even tho not 1st Place Winner . He is a winner to me . Bought his first single and his first album . Not a song he has done that I skip . I listen to them all , at least once a day . Being a 60 + baby boomer , it is wonderful to hear good music sung by someone with such a refreshing voice and personality . I look forward to more by him and will buy any and all albums . This young man crosses the age barrier as far as the listening population and I highly recommend it to my friends . MORE CLAY .
 It is great ! My 7 year old daughter actually knows more lyrics than I do . My wife enjoyed it also , but not fanatic about it . So from age 7-36 years it is a hit . I am sure that the above 36 crowd loves it too .
 I would give this beyond a five if I could. :-RRB- I do n't understand why people are bashing this CD . Saying he shows no emation in Measure of a Man , is a buch of CRAP ! Do n't agree with the Amazon.com reviewer either . Clay Aiken has a ture talent and his music will do wonders and I also believe he will leave a lasting impression on society because of who he is and his pashion of working with children.If you have not purchased his CD do n't base your decision on the bad reviews . This man is seriously AMAZING and his music is suitable for all ages !
 I have read all the reviews , but did not write until I read Jaan 's review . All I can say to the so called music critics and Jaan , GET OVER IT , Clay is here to stay . It was very obvious from Jaan 's review that he/she is a fan of ?????? and someone wants to hurt sales of Clay 's upcoming new release.Measure of a Man is wonderful because you can actually understand the words and the range of Clay 's voice is incredible . I agree with other reviewers that MOAM gets better the more you listen to it.Clay is a powerful singer as shown in the duet with Ruben on the AMA 's . They were the only singers to get a standing ovation from their peers.My favorites are I survived you , and Touch
 Well , even though I am a HUGE Clay fan , this is what I really thought of the Cd ... I thought it was very well done , I was very impressed that Clay did n't go against his morals like Arista and Clive Davis wanted him to ... he kept true to himself and made his first CD the way he wanted to -- and did n't make it with a `` sexy edge '' which is what the `` in crowd '' of justin , beyonce , britney and others have been doing . That alone impresses me . Then for the song choices , I love about 90 % of them , there were a couple that were n't exactly my style , but that 's fine ... not every song is going to please everyone . My favorites were , I Survived You , Invisible , Perfect Day , Shine , Measure of a Man and I Will Carry You ... LOVED all those songs I would give each one a 10 ... the CD in my opinion is worth every penny I think everyone should go out and get it ... a must have hot item .
 I admit it , I was glued to AI2 this past year and fell for Clay 's voice and charm . I am 58 years old and I swear , watching this young man makes me feel much younger . My kids took me to the AI2 concert - I have n't been to one in years and it was so much fun . I purchased this album the day it came out and have played it many times since . I have also watched Clay on his many TV appearances and he is maturing and growing better every day . There is not one bad song on this album , I could n't even list them in the order I like them - it changes every time I listen . Measure of a Man and I Will Carry You are probably my facorites . No , The Way and Shine . I highly recommend this album to anyone , but especially to those who , like me , had lost interest in the music industry the last few years when it turned to sex , violence and drugs to sell music . I 'm not a prude , but clutching your crotch and uttering cuss words to the sound of electronic noise does n't do it for me . LOL . Enjoy this album , and hopefully there will be another one soon . I am looking forward to the Invisible/Solitaire single . Shine on , Clay .
 I did n't watch American Idol until the last two shows but I was impressed with Clay Aiken 's voice . After hearing about the first week sales of MOAM I decided to research whether or not I wanted to buy his CD . I came to Amazon to get the scoop . Talk about confusing . The CD has ratings from 1 to 5 stars . Some of the 5 star reviews are overly emotional and the 1 star reviews very critical . I had heard several of my co-workers state they loved the CD so I decided to take a chance and buy it.Seriously , this is a good CD . I especially like the songs Perfect Day , The Way , and Shine . I feel a sense of empowerment -LRB- Shine -RRB- and joy -LRB- The Way and Perfect Day -RRB- when I hear Clay sing the lyrics to these songs . I 'm a lyrics person so being able to clearly understand the words Clay sings in his awesome voice just grabs me and pulls me in . Clay has much depth , versatility and emotion in his voice especially in the songs Run to me , Measure of a Man , No More Sad Songs and I Survived You . The only critism I have of the CD is I wish it had showcased more of Clay 's deeper voice.Back to the 1 star ratings-I 'm even more preplexed now after hearing this CD for myself . Perhaps these people do n't like POP/AC music ? I would n't even attempt to review a genre of music that does n't appeal to me . Maybe it 's because the 1 star reviewer does n't like Clay or is trying to promote another artist ? I 'm just glad I did n't let the 1 star reviewers keep me from buying and enjoying this wonderful CD .
 This is an excellent debut album . The songs were selected before AI2 completed and an exhausted Clay was already recording two weeks later . I have seen how Clay has grown as an artist/performer over the past months . If this album can go double platinum , I shiver to think what the next one will do . There is a lot of time to work on the songs and production . I love all the songs , but MOAM is my favorite . Everyone in my family who has heard the album has asked for it as a Christmas stocking stuffer .
 This album will convince many people that Clay Aiken is the real American Idol -LRB- sorry Ruben ! -RRB- ... The pureness in his voice and his great song choices make him stand out . My favourites are `` Invisible '' , `` I Will Carry You '' , `` I Survived You '' , and `` This is the Night . '' If you liked his performances on the show , you 'll love this album . He has outdone himself ... Clay Aiken is definitely an artist to keep an eye on in the music industry !
 I AM TIRED OF ALL THE JUNK ON MR AIKEN -- I happen to enjoy Mr Aiken and the CD is my favorite CD I own . . I actually bought a few copies so they are always in my reach . The song ` sThe Way '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' are my top choices but I like all the songs . If you do not like Mr Aiken that is okay we all have choices . I will not trash any other artist just because I happen to like Mr. Aiken!As far as Missy from Amston Ct is concerned -- how ignorant are you ... can not spell -- even your man `` Rueben 's '' name ... come on ... how old are you ?? and if you are in school stay there you need it ... if you are out of school get back you need it . By the way does not appear you even listend to MOAM since you only trashed Mr. Aiken 's looks and the AI show.And also Missy thanks for the comment ... adds to the list for Clay ... he is getting to the 3000 mark thanks to you !!!! I doubt Amazon has ever had a CD with this much input from the public .
 This is for the folks that continue to compare the styles of Clay and Ruben
 This is going to be a long review , but Clay deserves it . I 'll just go track by track and then give you my thoughts at the end , mmkay ? -LRB- Songs with an asterisk are ones that you should feel free to include on your next mix CD . -RRB- * 1 . Invisible
 MOAM was the most eagerly awaited album of 2003 , and is why it has now reached triple platinum status . In it we find a great variety of music styles . Clay Aiken brings to music the very essence of what has been missing for far to long . My personal favorite is `` Shine '' . We can all look ahead and expect great things from Clay Aiken . There is no denying he can truly attain anything he wishes.MOAM is great and his new single takes us back the time when a singer could simply stand and let powerful vocals cause us to be in awe !!!
 The more I listen to this album , the more I respect Clay 's part in it . At first listen , you appreciate the catchy `` boy-band-ish '' feel -LRB- and it IS there -RRB- . After learning a little about Clay 's very strong religious convictions and background , you will appreciate the religious currents of songs like `` I Will Carry You '' and `` Shine . '' It was n't until I read an article about all we DO N'T hear on Aiken 's album that I truly admired and appreciated what he 'd worked for . Clay FOUGHT against any sexual `` EDGE '' to his album . He did n't fall into the just-tell-me-where-to-stand ideology that Kelly Clarkson seemed to . He worked -LRB- sometimes AGAINST the wishes of media bigwigs -RRB- to be true to himself . And that means an album WITHOUT most of the crap that others fight just as hard to put IN their album ... which means any age can listen to and appreciate it . This is one of the reasons he is so charismatic to the public . He strives very hard to maintain a what-you-see-is-what-you-get or take-it-or-leave-it mentality with his fans . Comfortable in his own skin , he does n't want a false showbiz exterior . And what really shines about him is the fact that if the public does n't accept him for who he is -LRB- as a performer -RRB- , he 'll be just as happy spending his days in a classroom full of very lucky kids ... . Em thinks
 I purchased this cd when it came out and still listening to it today like it is new . Ca n't get enough of this young man 's singing talent . There is something for everyone on the cd and it is family friendly . Where has this man been ? He can only get better with time . If you have not purchased this cd - go get it today - you will love it . I have not purchased a cd in a very long time and it was well worth my purchase . Ca n't wait on future releases .
 CLAYS VOICE IS AWESOME AND I LOVE THIS CD . I SEE THAT THOSE NASTY MOUTH BOYS HAVE FOUND THEIR WAY BACK TO THIS REVIEW SITE . SINCE THEY HAVE LITTLE ELSE TO DO THEY WANT TO SPREAD THEIR NASTY FOUL MOUTH TALK HERE . NOW ... . WE KNOW THAT NOT EVERYONE LIKES MR AIKENS CD . . BUT !!!! 99.9 % DO ... SO YOU DO N'T HAVE TO LIKE IT.I 'M SURE THAT ITS HARD FOR SOME OF YOU SINCE YOU ARE LIMITED TO WHAT YOU CAN UNDERSTAND . THAT IS WHY YOU HAVE SUCH A COLORFUL AND LIMITED AMOUNT OF WORDS TO USE . . RIGHT ?? AND BY THE WAY ... YOU MAY THINK THAT ATTACKING CLAYS CHARACTER MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE A MAN ... WELL FOLKS . . NOT !!!!! WHOS THE MAN ????? CLAYS THE `` MAN '' !!!
 I am so completely excited about this incredible album Clay has given us . This is the first time ever I have not had any desire to `` skip '' a song on a CD ! Ususally I buy an album for a couple of songs , but on MOAM , every song is so fantastic , I do n't want to skip any of them ! My biggest concern now , is wearing the CD out , because I just want to play it over and over again ! There are a nice variety of songs on this album too , and the lyrics are easily understandable so you can sing along . Clay has such a beautiful voice , and this album proves he can sing anything . I look so forward to having this guy in the business for many years to come . I would readily buy every CD he puts out , and would love to hear him live on tour too ! This album is a definite must have , or you 'll truly be missing out !
 This is directed not only for the person from Kansas but for other critics as well . For crying out loud you do n't judge a person by his or her looks but what comes out of their mouths , and from what I hear from Clay Aiken is music to my ears and many others as well . I am no fan of Ruben 's but I will not be negative , because he 's doing his thing but I will not buy his CD because it 's just not my cup of tea . If you heard in interviews Clay is modest , caring , witty and will stick by what he believes in , like singing music that is not offensive . Do I think he got dissed from the Grammy 's , I sure do , -LRB- double platinum -RRB- and Ruben 's deserves it , not really. , but this is only my opinion and nothing more .
 Clay Aiken is truly a gifted singer . His CD outshines any CD on the market . I have this CD in my car and when traffic gets to horrendous , I listen to this CD and my mind drifts with Clays soulful voice . Every song is unique and sure to please anyone that has a taste for real quality music . Each song has such clarity inducing you to sing along as the words are crystal clear . You feel the words he is singing , creating a smile , as you enjoy what this young man has given to us . It is about time that someone offered to the public music to be enjoyed by all ages . This is a must hear CD .
 I was surprised by this album . It is great but i wish Clay had done 1 or 2 christian songs like other AI contestants . To hear some vocal range go to www.ejayrocks.com Anyways the songs were okay and the vocals were great although his BOTW performance and Him on The 1st Noel song on the Christmas CD are better . My advice is to let Tamyra Gray write his 2nd album and to duet with Ejay Day and Kimberley Locke more . I think he should do more soul music like billy joel . Id also like to hear him and The Real AI2 winner Frenchie Davis join with their big voices . Tamyras album is off the hook and id tell anyone who likes real soul music to buy it over overpackaged pop . KLo album is good except for the rock songs but the Rnb and gospel music and pop is great for her voice . I love Clay and wanted him in the final 3 or 4 but his album isnt him 2 me . Not enough passion and soul . Now Fantasia has soul Rubens album is good 2 Christina christian is releasing her album which will be good and Im going to record a acoustic guitar soul Christian album soon thatll show white guys can have soul and sing deep baritoned R&B with just as much conviction and passion
 This is one of the best CD 's I have EVER heard . Clay just has it all and he brings it out in his music . I loved the different type songs on the CD . I really loved Measure of a Man . I have to say that was my favorite . I had previously heard some of the demos of the songs so I knew pretty much what to expect . After hearing this CD , who could not love Clay ?! He is the New Revolution in pop music , a welcome addition .
 I like all the songs on it , love a few like Invisible and The Way . There were no songs that I wanted to skip the first time I listened to it , like there usually are on albums . He has an excellent voice and I admire his values , unlike many of the popular artists now . If you have liked Clay up until now , you will continue to like him with this album .
 The Measure of a Man album is such a wonderful thing to listen to . It 's very refreshing to hear music the way it should be . Clay Aiken has brought back pop music like it used to be . He has such a refreshing voice and is a delight to listen to . I love this CD so much .
 What an absolutely `` wonderful '' album . Perfection plus ... Clay so knows what we want to hear ... Every single song on this album is beautiful and sung with such emotion . I do n't know if I ever will be able to pick a favorite out of these . I love them all . Okay , when is the next album going to be released ?
 Considering that Clay Aiken is a product of American Idol , Measure of a Man is indeed a noteworthy album . Unashamedly striving to be pop , tinged with adult contemporary style , and spiced up with Aiken 's Midas touch , it has indeed , flung doors wide open for the world of mainstream music . This chameleon with the big voice delivers an album that ranges from his signature power ballads to boyband-style sing-a-longs , from mid-tempo roadtrip songs to thumping soft-rock . Several of the songs are typical of Clay Aiken as seen on American Idol , some are daring and thus , surprisingly refreshing . Despite this variety in the album , I have yet to come across a song in which I truly dislike . Many , in fact , I should note , that I really like . All in all , a good buy!However , it would be also interesting to wait and see what else Aiken can pull out of his box when given more free rein in his sophomore effort . I for one will be eagerly awaiting the next installment of the journey of this remarkable voice .
 The critics may not get it , but the American public does . This CD is everything I had hoped for . I was amazed to see how much they could improve on perfection and I was pleasantly surprised . Although Clay says he was n't going to sing about sex , there are some very SEXY ... . but clean songs here . TOUCH is a very danceable , gorgeouch song . Just dreamy . Of course , there 's INVISIBLE ... ` nuf said ! My other favorite song is MEASURE OF A MAN - a true ballad but one that has a message that everyone should relate to.There is something for everyone in this album . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!!
 I just love this CD . Clay 's voice is so wonderful and this CD shows off his tremendous talent . This is the first CD I have ever owned that I love every track on it . Way to go Clay .
 Clay Aiken 's CD is one that does not let any of his fans from the < i > American Idol < / i > days down . The runner-up in the contest stays true to the methods that made him so popular across America . His voice is pure and unfooled with and strong pop melodies make this CD worthy of it 's 5 star rating.The CD opens with `` Invisible '' , the first single off the album . It 's catchy and fun , and you 'll be singing `` Invisible '' for hours after hearing it . `` No More Sad Songs '' and `` I Survived You '' are power-ballads of independance after failed relationships which are n't drab but powerful and upliftiing . To counteract the tracks of independance are tracks that have talk of the confession of love in `` I Will Carry You '' and `` Run to Me '' , which for any female who dreams of Mr. Aiken , you will be reduced to a pile of mush . For those who want a little more of a country-pop feel , try `` When You Say You Love Me '' . The CD also includes a bonus cut of Clay 's # 1 single `` This is the Night '' . < i > Measure of a Man < / i > is sure to become an instant classic , not just amongst the American Idol crowd , but across the music charts , offering something for any pop music lover . I recommend this CD for anyone who wants a refreshing taste of pop without the `` junk '' that usually litters the lyrics . Clay Aiken 's album is clean and enjoyable for everyone . Go and join the Claymates and go get his new CD . You know you want too .
 Excellent CD , beginning to end ... Clay has done it !
 This CD is excellent ! All the songs are beautiful . Perfect Day , and Shine make me think of the Beatles era . I 've chosen `` The Way '' as my personal favorite , but in all honesty , I find it very difficult to pick a favorite from these fine choices.The entire album is to be commended . Although the CD is primarily ballads , each has it 's own message and Clay delivers . The up beat Tempo of Invisible , WYSYLM , and Touch are delightful.Ever since Clay has come on the music scene I have been a devoted Fan . His music is refreshing with a voice so outstanding in both range and tone . I was very impressed with his single , and this CD is all I hoped for and more.I look forward to his continued success and will buy all his albums .
 For all of the bashers out there who are beating this CD and its talented singer , save your criticism for something worthwhile -- this is n't . Few of you seem to realize that Mr. Aiken is a rather reluctant `` celebrity '' in all of this ; albeit an extremely popular one . He was actually relieved when he came in second to Mr. Studdard . He is basically uncomfortable with his new-found fame and does not relish all of the media attention , yet he embraces it because his fans desire it and his fans are people , which we all know he DOES care about . What we have seen is a person who has morals and a vision and is a truly nice person . Can we actually say that about very many other music performers out there ?? Perhaps some people believe that this CD is not `` cutting edge music '' ; but , who cares ?? What it is is tried and true great singing and exceptional interpretation of every song . Every track tells a story and Mr. Aiken does it quite well.I have never heard a more uplifting collection of tracks in recent history . Five stars ?? I would give it twenty stars , merely because I adore the voice and what it represents . Do not hesitate to purchase this gem -- it shines !!!
 This CD is great ! I am so happy to be able to actually understand what the guy is saying . Each to his own , but I personally can not understand why people want to listen to `` singers '' screaming out profanity and trash . Clay 's a great person with a big heart and I hope he is successful for many years to come . I can hardly wait until his next CD is out ! Buy this CD and sit back and enjoy .
 Having heard from others about this CD and the glowing review 's given by friends , I decided to buy the Cd , havent bought one in years given the fact that what I hear on radio , and see via video 's is totally NOT music , and I must say this young man has an AMAZING voice , and I loved the album , and I can understand the words , that in it 's self is amazing , I rate this one more than five stars !!
 My entire family loves this cd -- and I 'm glad we can all listen to it without having to worry about nasty lyrics ! Clay is an answer to many , many prayers about improving the quality of today 's music . He has proven time and again that someone with integrity and backbone can win over hearts and become a double platinum artist ! Do I recommend this album ? ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT QUESTION !
 This cd was fabulous . I honestly did n't know what to expect as I popped it into my stereo but I was blown away from the first song all through the last song . His voice just gets in your skin and burns , it 's so amazing , it just TOUCHES your soul and heart . It 's amazing . There are n't many singers who can have such a STRONG effect on a person but Clay is definetley one of those singers . The lyrics make you think , make you believe , make you WANT . It 's such a great cd , BUY IT , you wo n't regret it.The songs :1 -RRB- Invisible - The first single . A song that says the kind of things that we want when we are so into a person that we just want to be invisible and be there with them all the time and truly KNOW them . 5/5 stars2 -RRB- I Will Carry You - A deep song , kind of intense . Clay 's style chnages here completley , it 's an incredible switch from what I was use to on the show . 4/5 stars3 -RRB- The Way - The most amazing song on the cd . I ca n't stress enough how truly amazing this song is . It 's the kind of song that makes you want to be inlove and it makes you want to make love while listening to it . Beautiful . Every time I listen to iy , it GETS to me so bad . I want to feel that way about a guy . It 's so moving . A work of art. 5/5 stars4 -RRB- When You Say You Love Me - A great , fun song . Makes me want to dance . It 's a love song you can relate to but it 's fun and bubbly . 5/5 stars5 -RRB- No More Sad Songs - Different . I like it but it 's a dramatic switch . 4/5 stars6 -RRB- Run To Me - Clay really belts it out here proving why he is our true idol . 5/5 stars7 -RRB- Shine - This song reminds me of Train , it 's lovely 4/5 stars8 -RRB- I Survived You - Such a nice song . Touching . 4/5 stars9 -RRB- This Is The Night - Do you even have to ask ?!!! One of my favorite songs , ever since American Idol , I 've been inlove with this song and Clay 's voice is so great here . 5/5 stars10 -RRB- Perfect Day - It 's sort of 80ish but it works . 3/5 stars11 -RRB- Measure Of A Man - This song is GOOD ! 5/5 stars12 -RRB- Touch - My least favorite song , it gets good near the chorus . 3/5 starsGET THIS CD NOW !!!
 Well , what can I say ? It 's FABULOUS . I admit I did n't take to the album immediately . Clay 's album is adult contemporary and I 'm 16 years old . 16 years old teens do n't like listening to a cd without pop/rock songs . I 'm one exception . I ca n't stand a whole cd with drums and the electric guitar . It gives me a headache . Clay 's album was a refreshing thing for me from all those other songs . Some parts of the music did drown his voice but he managed to overcome it . That 's his powerful vocals for you . My personal favourites are The Way , Measure of a Man and I Survived You . These few songs have a nice tune without the influence of the ` rock ' factor . Simply fabulous . I was never a fan of American Idol . I never watched it when it was showing . I only started watching the show during the Top 3 -LRB- Ruben , Clay and Kim L. -RRB- . My father likes Clay 's voice and that 's saying something . He hates pop music . When Clay sang Unchained Melody , my dad and I went , `` WHOA . '' Both of us never saw such a powerful voice . He deserved to win but did n't . However , still a winner in the minds of all his fans . And now , I 'm a claymate . Yea ... a claymate ! I think what makes this album so fabulous is that Clay sings from his heart . The sincerity in the lyrics really sends the message of the songs across . Buy this album . You will NOT regret it . It has already reached Gold status in Singapore and is Number 20 -LRB- Invisible -RRB- in the charts for this week .
 Clay 's album is extraordinary ! While the sound of the album is undeniably Clay , there are times when you think you 're listening to Elton John at his best . Clay 's unbelievable raw talent , self-deprecating nature , and likeability make him so different from a lot of the artists out there . He 's incredibly refreshing to all of us who are tired of the myriad artists who have little talent , but sell records based on a pseudo image that their record studios have created.I rarely buy music , but this is an album actually worth the money ! If you like pop-music and have an appreciation for talented voices , buy this CD -- you wo n't be disappointed !
 `` Measure Of A Man '' is an unbelievably good CD . Clay continues to prove that no matter what song he sings he makes it sound great.This Album is a perfect twelve for twelve with all twelve recordings on the CD being excellent.If you are a fan of great music and vocals you will want to get a copy of this superb CD !!!!!!!!!!!! One other great CD you do n't want to miss : `` Blue Skies '' - Diana DeGarmo
 The music industry needed someone different from pop artist Justin Timberlake , and rap artists such as 50 Cent , and they got Clay , a true gentleman with an incredible voice . He can hit the high notes , as well as the low notes . His songs consist of slow songs , slightly more pop songs , alternative songs , and songs that just make you want to sing along . If I were to tell you all my favorite songs on this album , then I might be here for a while . But let me tell you that although a little strange as far as lyrics go , `` Invisible '' is a really good song that shows off Clay 's vocals , as well as overall just being a really cool song!I highly recommend this album to anyone wishing to take a break from all the cheesy pop and annoying rap , anyone who likes Clay Aiken , and anyone who wants a CD with slightly more mature music.This review was brought to you by , GMM -LRB- Gold Mew Mew -RRB-
 I 've had this CD for sometime and still love listening to it everyday . He does n't claim to be a songwriter so I do n't know why anyone considers this as going commercial . He sings so great and I have grown to love the songs more and more . The last song Touch is different from the rest and shows a grown up Clay more then the rest . Measure of a Man has become one of my favorites , along with I Survived You . I highly recommend this CD and ca n't wait for future ones from him .
 It took a few listens to really start to love this CD . At first-I agree that the songs are too wordy , but there are only a few of those . I have been listening to it for a week and I have a few songs stuck in my head . I found this true with Kelly 's CD as well . It took a few tries and then you find some real gems and Clay does a great job . I will admit that I hope he gets more imput in future CD 's and a few less lyrics in the songs-it can sound squeezed . -LRB- too many words in one line -RRB- Great job Clay-really starting to love this !
 I have to say , after hearing Clay sing `` live '' in different venues , he improves upon the content of Measure of a Man , in person . However , after saying that , I continue to hear nuances in his voice and in his singing style that are stronger and more delightful than before . Aiken has SUBSTANCE and he shines with a charisma that is inexplicable . God shines through this young man and I pray that Clay continues to walk closely with those whose beliefs echo his and edify him and each another . Clayton Aiken , the geekie kid from Raleigh just shakes his head and wonders why people find him sexy . He 's clean . He 's EDUCATED , Can speak in whole sentences instead of the `` hood-speak '' that goes like this
 This was great . I love Clays voice and ca n't wait for his next CD .
 I so Agree !!! EXCELLENT cd by CLAY AIKEN !!! WOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 In all honesty I 'm not a fan of the whole American Idol thing , but I did get sucked into AI2 just a bit . Yea for Clay ! Moving on.This is strictly a pop album . No earth shattering lyrics , but plenty of catchy tunes and choruses . Clay does a wonderful job of singing this material . In a way Clay reminds me of Rick Ashley from the 80 's because I did n't expect that voice/power to come from that person . Anyway , I have been enjoying this ablum . It 's nice , mellow and light hearted . Good for those laid back moods or wanting to relax.Obviously this album is not for everyone , but give it a chance . It may grow on you .
 Clay 's Measure of a Man is the most incredible album I have ever heard . Clay puts emotion in every single song . His songs bring the most powerful messages for helping others and making a difference . Shine is the most beautiful song on this album and the lyrics are uplifting . It is very inspiring and it really touched me . The Way is the song that should be the next single , as it is such a beautiful song and Clay sings through his heart and soul . I could hear and feel his soul loving that person and yearning for love . The songs I Will Carry You and Run To Me , really shows Clay being there in times of trouble , like he is singing the words to me . The title track even bring a powerful message that truly does show the measure of a real man.I thank God that there is someone of this generation who sing such beautiful and uplifting songs that could make a true impact and difference in my life . Thank you Clay ... for giving me the best album I have ever heard with the most beautiful voice that I ever heard in my life . I am proud to have someone of my generation who could make a difference to those in need.I will always love you . . always be true to yourself ! You 're gon na shine !
 What a great CD . I listen to it as often as I can and have not gotten tired of it yet . I love every song and am looking forward to what Clay will do next !!!
 This CD is a must for Clay Aiken fans . All the songs are great and it 's a good sing a long CD . I really enjoyed it and I am sure that if you are a CA fan , you will like it to . He sounds better on this than he did on American Idol .
 In his debut cd , Clay Aiken proves that he is on top of the world and full of life . His rich vocals along with a spectacular song selection make this an easy listener and one that you will want to put on repeat for months to come . His amazing voice is shown off on many of the songs , several of which have the quality and staying power of # 1 hits . Clay appeals to people of all ages with his heartfelt vocals and soulful ballads . With his first cd , Clay announces his arrival loud and clear , and believe me , you 'll want to hear every word of it !
 I have read a couple of articles on the new Clay Aiken album , Measure of a Man , and I have to say I am very dissappointed in how people are bashing the albums songs . Personally , I love the album , I think that he can sing any song and make it sound fantastic , because he has an amazing talent . Maybe everyone should stop critizing him for not being what they think he should be , and start appreciating what he truly is , and gifted singer with a strong solid voice .
 Not sure what all the negative responses are about . Are you listening to the same CD that I am ? This CD is awesome . There is n't a track that I do n't love . If folks wanted to hear remakes of old songs , then they need to buy the American Idol CD . Clay outdid himself with this CD and I look forward to the next one . Now way are you Invisible !
 Words just can not describe how much I love this CD ! My other CDs are starting to feel neglected , because Measure of a Man is all I listen to now ! Just when I think I 'm listening to the perfect song - the next song comes on and Clay amazes me once again . From beautiful ballads like `` The Way '' to the not-so-subtly sexy `` Touch '' every note is perfection . Clay is normal , down to earth , and real ... he is true role model and in my opinion the epitomy of what an `` American Idol '' should be . Clay is a diamond in the rough and has a voice that would make anyone 's knees buckle . The CD was totally worth the wait ... and totally worth the wear on my `` This is the Night '' single during the months of anticipation .
 Having recently read a review of this CD on CNN.com , I could n't believe the scathing comments of the critic . As far as I can tell the main complaint was that this album was too wholesome . There was very little in the way of actual critiquing of the music , other than the songs were ` forgettable love songs ' . Unfortunately for Clay , this is just an example of people so used to innuendo and explicit lyrics in their music that they ca n't even appreciate something that everyone can listen to.The bottom line is that this is a very good collection of songs . This music is n't what I might normally listen to , but since Clay is from NC I figured I 'd give it a shot . I was pleasantly surprised to find that I enjoyed it immensely . It 's almost like an entirely new musical experience , in that I can hear the lyrics , am not offended by the lyrics , and that the lyrics are presented with such a powerful voice . This CD is a relief for those of us under the burden of listening to caterwauling pop girls and boys dressed in skimpy rags as they shake their booty on stage.Oh ... I read a review where someone apparently could n't believe that Clay was what he claims to be . They talked of how his squeaky clean image had to be a front so he could sell CDs . It 's a sad commentary on America when an upstanding young man is called an imposter because we no longer believe such a thing could happen
 I love this album ... and so do people in the recording industry ... CLAY AIKENAlbum Title
 Love it ! I already want to hear more and more !!!! I am a teacher for a middle school and I played it for my class during a party . They loved it ! Keep singing Clay . You are wonderful !
 This CD was great . Every Clay fan should own it . In my opinion , the best songs on the CD are `` Invisible '' , `` When You Say You Love Me '' & `` This Is The Night '' . However , every song is great . He has a great pop sound that is very `` radio-friendly '' with that great `` pop hook '' and will appeal to most pop lovers . This CD will surely go straight to the top of the charts !
 I really do love this cd . The more I hear it the more I like . I keep hearing that his range is not heard on this cd . Well I think its pretty obvious how good he can sing . Not every song he sings is going to be as powerful as Bridge Over Troubled Water . Some are saying that he should be contemporary not pop . Well if you listen to pop stations you will hear other artists that sing more contemporary/pop songs such as jewel , no mercy , john mayer , etc. . There will be some ppl that will not like the songs because they are not about sex or dirty in some way . That is what most popular songs are about today , which is sad . The good thing about Clay is that he will not change just to be popular . He may change the way he looks but not who he is . Measure of a Man adds a nice twist in the music industry and I hope it does do well . Clay is a very unique person and I really think that that alone will keep him around for a long time . The fact that he has one of the best voices out there just adds to his character . Hooray for Clay !!!! We Love You !!! Do n't change , Stay real !!!!! ; -RRB-
 Clay Aiken did an awesome job with this new CD ! I love the fact that i do n't have to be worried over swear words or questionable lyrics . I also want to commend Clay for standing up for what he wants HIS image to be instead of cowering to the pressure to be just another `` trashy singer . '' Good Job Clay !!
 Does anyone know what ever happened to that Ruben guy ?
 This CD proves without any doubt why Clay has his popularity . He is an amazing singer and true entertainer . People may be jealous , dazed and confused but Clay is a winner no matter what you people may say . Hell , Clay has gone triple platinum . Can Ruben say that , I think NOT ! Ha ! Ha ! Who did you get your info . from . Jealous Mother Fu * kers trying to have you cake and eat it too .
 When I first listened to this CD I did it as sort of a joke ... I imagined it would contain a lot of really boring manufactured pop junk . Instead , I was pleasantly surprised . Clay has a strong , clear voice and injects enthusiasm and power into every one of his songs . Some of the songs on this CD are slightly manufactured , but that 's the writer and producers ' fault for not quite rising up to meet Clay 's potential . I thought the best songs were `` I Survived You , '' `` Invisible , '' `` No More Sad Songs , '' `` Perfect Day , '' and `` Touch . '' These songs make the work of other hot pop artists like Britney , Christina , Kelly Clarkson , and Madonna pale in comparison . Bravo , Clay ! You truly ` measure ' up - and even surpass - other current pop sensations out there ! This CD is definitely a must-have !
 I am mad for Clay Aiken . I followed his ascent through the American Idol competition and have never wavered in my devotion ... with that aside , onto the album . I rushed to Best Buy as soon as they opened and purchased a copy of his CD . Eagerly , I played it on my Discman and waited for his sweet voice to bring a smile to my face . Unfortunately , I am very disappointed . I got through tracks 1-7 before I turned off my cd player . None of the songs stood out and none of the songs showed his range . They were blander than watered down porridge and even less filling . I guess it proves that an artist is the sum of his music . No matter how beautiful his voice is , the songs will hold him back . What hurts is that I hate to criticize his album at all because his voice is angelic and his personality endearing . But the songs are treacly garbage , like love poems written by 13 year old school boys high on pixie sticks . E.g. `` When the stars go blind ... when you 're fallin ' behind , I will carry you . '' Lyrics like that make me want to cry , because they are so awful , so artless , you imagine someone scrawling them on a diner napkin . If there is a second album , I will buy it . My goodwill for Clay extends perhaps to even a 3rd turkey , but please , please hire some songwriting talent . The songs on the CD make `` A moment like this '' seem inspired .
 Please know that I adore Clay and this album is not bad by any means . I love Clay 's voice and style but I think he could do so much better if he had better songs to sing . He needs better material ! These songs are ok , but they do not do justice to his potential . This music is too commercial , and what makes him the special performer that he is gets lost in these rather bland lyrics and range of music . He does a great job within the limits of this material , and it 's not a bad first album , but I so want to hear again the passion and originality he has displayed on American Idol . I look forward to the next album -LRB- s -RRB- , and I 'll be in line to buy them all . I believe in Clay 's absolute talent , ability , and most of all his natural charisma and charm !! Clay , to thine own self be true .
 I highly reccomend this C.D. for any Clay Aiken fan . I think that it shows a part of who he is . His voice is so amazing . -LRB- Clay Aiken is the true American Idol . -RRB-
 Those who would lessen the validity of this growing talent with a voice that , although not at its peak , is clear and powerful ... are at question . Despite the attempts of a popular `` timely '' magazine to point out the flaws it did not succeed with me . As to that matter of saying the buyers of this CD will fall into the $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 category not only insults this groups ability to know what is good , but insults every other buyer . This buyer likes music from the classics to classic rock groups -LRB- those would be the ones with real and lasting talent -RRB- . What is wrong with a record company that thinks keeping the music clean and with class is a recipe for failure . Though direct comparison is not intended , it is a good thing Frank Sinatra did n't know that good music meant failure .
 Musical talent is easy to find but musical talent with a pure , honest soul is rare . Kudos to Clay for staying true to himself and providing his fans with the type of music he truly believes in . I 'm a big fan and wish him well and although I give this a 5 star rating , I ca n't help but feel that something is missing . The strong , vivacous `` tarhill '' voice from Raleigh that caught my attention last Spring on AI has mellowed , is more subdued and almost strained . Undoubtedly the songs are full of emotion-When You Say You Love Me will make you dance and Measure Of A Man will bring tears to your eyes . But the deep , soulful quality of Bridge Over Troubled Waters is nowhere to be found . It 's a great `` easy listening '' CD that I would recommend to everyone , but the confident Clay quality so characteristic of Carolina just is n't there .
 Clay 's voice just soothes . I love the way he sounds . His vocal talent is incredible . The critiques can say all they want but they ca n't sway true Clay fans . In Singapore , we had simultaneous release with US and the record stores are saying that the sales are overwhelming . We in Singapore could n't vote for Clay in AI but we are voting for him with our money . The only thing I would like to add is that the next time the people who arranged the music might just want to tone done the electrical guitars and other loud musical instruments down , because we want to hear Clay 's voice and not have it drowned by all the loud instruments used . Other than that , this is one happy Clay fan . When is the next one coming Clay ? We ca n't wait !
 Became a Clay fan during AI2 and was eagerly awaiting the release of his first album . I think all of the songs are lovely -- `` Invisible '' and `` Shine '' are probably my biggest favorites right now . `` This Is The Night '' is perhaps my least favorite -LRB- kinda sappy -RRB- but it 's still worth listening to as it aptly portrays his beautiful voice . Though most are love -LRB- or break-up -RRB- songs , there is a variety of tempos and singing styles to keep the listener riveted . Also , it 's so refreshing to listen to a CD and be able to understand all of the words ! All in all , it 's a brilliant first release .
 I thought the album had a nice selection of songs for a first album . I feel this is a wholesome album for all ages and one that one can sing along . We finally have someone who believes that music should be family oriented and thank our lucky stars . There are far and few between with good talent and this young man has THE VOICE and personality to carry him on forever .
 This is an upbeat , trendy album . I love this album and Ilove this man ! The more you listen to this CD , the betterit gets . I would -LRB- and have -RRB- recommend the purchase of thisalbum . If you love Clay , you will love this CD . How refreshing to not hear sex , drugs , and four letter words.Love ballads ... bring them on !
 Just as we knew he would , Clay has faced , challenged and beaten the powers that be , which have force fed us noise that has passed for music for too many years.Finally , we have a CD in which every song allows us to move through the various emotions of life without vulgarity or insult to the senses . The easy to sing along to lyrics and melody alternately moves us through the pain of loss , hope of new love , success of moving on , and committment to another - which is the way life really is.Measure of a Man , despite the scathing reviews of so-called professional critics , is remincent of the days when music was music - pure , real and excitable . Clay 's vocals more often than not emit chills running up and down the spine , cause the hair on your arm to prickle , and make you want stand up and shout thanks for sending him our way.As promised , this is a family friendly album that will please the musical palate of all ages . Clay has managed to break the mold of what he termed `` cookie cutter '' pop stars , and emerges as the talented musical superstar that we knew he would be . There are no disappointments to be had on this album . I hope that the pressures of the industry , along with their stuck in the smut critics , do n't deter the lad from sticking to his guns , or cause him to want to give up and go home . We 'll do good to be able to get more of this style from him in the future .
 A showcase for Mr. Aiken 's exceptional voice , this power-pop album will have you singing along in no time . Every cut a potential Top 10 hit , there 's something for everyone here , from the power-chord-filled ballad ` Run To Me ' , to the Beatle-esque ` Shine ' and ` Perfect Day ' , to the country-flavored ` When You Say You Love Me ' , to the breathtakingly beautiful love ballad ` The Way ' . A tiny disappointment for this fan
 What can I say , Clay has Chops , Power Ballads , and catchy tunes . I would have liked to hear complete versions of either Solitaire or To Love Somebody included on this.Most tracks were ones I would listen to over and over , but wasnt really into Shine.Overall very impressive Debut .
 This CD is everything I want out of a CD ! Clay Aiken has a quality in his voice that will allow you to feel the emotions in the song . You can just feel it . Also , you have to hear the song `` Touch '' . Talk about feeling the music . The music and the vocals are also excellent . This one is definitely worth listening too . You wo n't be sorry .
 This is going to be one of my all time favorite CDS , right their with `` The Best of Bread '' and `` Queen 's Greatest Hits '' . It be in my walkman bag and car . This CD not only takes your through the full range of moods but uplifts you with such a pure voice and great instrumental mix.If you wanted just more AI , go buy the AI Love Song CD . This is about a new artist , not AI .
 A beautiful album , and especially the title song , Measure of a Man , where Clay 's natural voice clearly shines . It is worth having in any music collection . I caution Clive Davis the producer not to `` over produce '' the background music on this young man in the future . He 's good enough alone .
 Clay , Clay , Clay ... whassup dawg ? What is up Clay ? This is an incredible compilation of wonderful songs . Clay has pipes of platinum ... and i am thrilled that is an album I can play in the car with the kids listening too . Go Clay ... you amaze us with your grace and powerful singing .
 It was everything I thought it would be and more . This album is not simply `` Broadway Clay . '' The music speaks to the listener and reveals the many layers and the soul , of Clay Aiken , the man . You can either sing along or you can just sit back and let the music caress you . Treat yourself today to the music of Clay .
 I just love this CD and am so glad I bought it ! There is a little something for everyone here
 I really did enjoy this CD . There are several tracks that I do n't particularly care for , but that is made up for the sheer excellence of Invisible , Measure of a Man , This Is the Night , and Perfect Day , among others . Clay Aiken is a wonderful person with a voice to match .
 I love this CD . I was singing along the second time I listened to it . Great songs-I love them all . He has such a beautiful voice and his star quality shines through in each song . Finally , pop music has a young male star with a fantastic voice and technique who sings with true emotion . Such talent !
 Enjoyed every single track . Not disappointed at all . Found myself humming along with every song . Wish there was more . Now Clay needs to move on and pair up with Neil Sedaka - what a CD that would make .
 How refreshing it is to hear someone sing BIG again ! While there are some uncomfortable moments on the album , Clay has definitely shown us what he has to offer the music world . One ca n't help but feel the urge to grab up some Steve Perry/Journey albums after listening to this . We have n't heard a male voice this soulful since Captain Big Voice -LRB- Perry -RRB- left the scene . Hopefully this is just the tip of the iceberg .
 Clay 's cd is wonderful ... it 's a nice breath of fresh air from just the usual same sounding music ... Measure of a man is the best song tied with Touch ... . This cd is worth the money ... Buy it , play it , love it !!!!!
 Finally , good music without sex and sleaze to sell it . Clay 's music is n't deep or thought-provoking , but it 's fun and sweet , and just a lil bit sexy . It brings a smile to your face and warms the heart . Plus that voice . Ugh , it 's like buttah ! MOAM is a beautiful insipring track . Definately my fav ! The album has a real 80 's feel to it . Ca n't wait to see what he whips up for his second album !!!!
 I absolutely love Clay 's new CD . It thrills my soul . Every song is a hit in my book . I can listen to it over and over again . Measure of Man is everything I expected and more .
 If I had to sum up this cd in one word , it would be quite hard , but I would have to go with amazing !!! If you watched American Idol than you would know that Clay sang mostly emote love songs . This shows the edgier side of Clay 's music without losing touch with his balladist side . I am so proud to call myself a `` Claymate '' from the begining , and this cd just makes me even prouder ! Clay is such a breath of fresh air , from the epidemic of talentless musicians we have had to endure since , well I do n't know how long ! I hope that you will go buy the cd , it 's money well spent!Top 3 songs from the CD :1 . Measure of a Man2 . Run to me3 . Perfect Day
 This cd is just abSOULetly wonderful ! Since this is first CD we have so much more wonderful tunes to look forward to ! I ca n't wait !
 I 'll admit up front that I am a Clay fan . I also am a Springsteen fan and saw him recently at Fenway Park . Let 's just say I appreciate talent and know it when I see and hear it !!! IMHO there is a basic truism when it comes to taste in music - if you like it you will listen.Different people like different music for different reasons.Some of the reasons to like a certain song might be - artist 's voice ; words ; feelings you get - sensual , nostalgic , postitve , and so on.And now Measure of a Man -- Clay Aiken . If I did not like it I would not listen . I liked it right out of the wrapper - no skipping around the CD as I usual do . I was very suprised by how different he sounded in each song . I 'm not sure I would have recognized his voice in some cuts . I also heard parts of his voice that I have not heard before . His voice is true and pure -- validation of his considerable range and vocal ability . Most striking is THE WAY he has you believe he is singing these tender words to someone special -LRB- like yourself -RRB- . From Clay to Gold -- from Earth to the Stars -- that 's my prediction when word gets out . Good listening - good feelings -- enormous talent -- jmk Portsmouth , NH
 Clay does an outstanding job on this CD ! It is so moving and expressive of emotions . I just loved it . I think Clay bears alot of his soul in this CD and it comes across beautifully . I hope he is already working on his next CD !
 I am from Canada , and I have listened to Clay 's CD all day today . He is going to be a star . As Elle said , `` CLAY AIKEN IS HUGE '' and they are right.I love all the songs on this CD . I find one of my favourites is `` When you say you love me `` I recommend this purchase for everyone !!!!
 Clay 's new cd is phenomenal ! I recommend it to anyone ! His new unique sound should enhance the pop world ! His cd really shows that he worked hard from the start to get where he is today !
 Me and my husband were both able to listen to this album the whole way through , liking every song -LRB- which does n't happen that often -RRB- . I highly recommened it . It 's not overdone . Very tastful .
 All I could say was `` Wow '' . I knew that Clay was talented , but I did n't expect him to sound so great . The songs Clay sang on American Idol were good , but they were a different style than this CD -LRB- more poppish -RRB- . The first song `` Invisible '' sounds like the type of song Matchbox Twenty would sing . There is a style of this album that kinda makes it his own , and it is a style that you would like . Clay 's voice is also more polished sounding , and more powerful . I must admit I like the beginning of the CD better than the end , but I still had to give it an overall five stars . He really does deserve the attention he has been getting - this album proves it for him . Way to go Clay !!
 I bought this cd not knowing what to really expect . After a few listens to it I loved it . Let me break it down for ya :1 . Invisible - Great song , very catchy . It 's the first single and it was a good one to release . 5/52 . I Will Carry You - A good song with good lyrics . Nice beat . Did n't quite catch on to it at first , but still good . 4.5 / 53 . The Way - Nice romantic song . Did n't like it at first , but it grew on me . 3.5 / 54 . When You Say You Love Me - Cute song , with a good beat . Kind of country type song , with a very catchy chorus that fits perfectly with the song . One of my faves on teh cd . 5/55 . No More Sad Song - One of the best songs on the album . Very powerful song that shows Clay 's range . I liked it the first time I heard it , and it gets better each time . Great lyrics , awesome beat . Great chorus . 5/56 . Run to Me - Nice slow song . Good song all-in-all . Not a huge fan of it , but it 's a good . 3.5 / 57 . Shine - Sounds a bit different from all the others because of how he sings it . But its really good . Catchy chorus . Clay sounds really good on this track . 4.5 / 58 . I Survived You - Not a bad song . Pretty good . Others might like it better than I do though . Still growing on me though . 3/59 . This is the Night - He had kind of released this earlier . It 's a really great song , and the chorus gets stuck inyour head real easily . Awesome song with good lyrics . 5/510 . Perfect Day - Not a bad song . pretty good . Still growing on me . Chorus is a bit different beat then all the others , which makes it good . 4/511 . Measure of a Man - Really good slow song . Nice lyrics , and good chorus . 4.5 / 512 . Touch - Different sound then ALL the others by far . Took me a while to get used to it , but I like it . Great chorus that gets stuck in your head FOREVER ... . great song . 4/5So that 's it ... . even if you 're a Ruben fan , I still think you should buy it ... cause I did , and I love it ! Definitely a cd to buy this year !
 This is not AI Clay . BUT , even though he stays in his middle to upper register , all the songs are easy to listen to and all rotate in my player . Just when I think I have a favorite or two , I find myself humming along to a different one . Amazing voice . I am hoping for an entire album of covers somewhere down the road . He showed us on AI that he can cover anything .
 Clay reminds us why he should have won the American Idol title with his CD `` Measure of a Man '' ! I did n't venture near the skip button the whole time the CD was playing . My only complaint was that `` The Way '' , `` Run To Me '' , and `` No More Sad Songs '' sound a little formulaic . However , `` Invisible '' , `` This Is The Night '' , `` I Survived You '' and the disc 's title track are solid , and Clay 's vocals are flawless . I am personally looking forward to a long career by this gifted vocalist .
 At first I thought it was just okay , but it really grows on you ! The tracks are awesome !
 Clay Aiken has delivered on his long-awaited first full-length CD . This is a great album , one that kids and parents can enjoy together . Clay 's brilliant voice soars and the songs are tailored made for him . My personal favorite is `` Perfect Day . '' This is a song begging to be a hit and will be if it gets radio play . We have waited decades for Clay Aiken and he has not disappointed us . Clay has the ability to find the matrix of a song and make it his own . He is a breath of fresh air in an industry that badly needs it . My advice
 Well , like some of you I first listened to this CD and was not impressed . There are some good tracks , but they seem to go down hill as the cd goes along . I was particularly dissapointed with the very lifeless rendition of `` This is the Night . '' After an amazing live performance of this song on the show , the recorded version is dead and boring . Clay has an amazing voice but this cd certainly does n't seem to portray his passion for the music like his live performances did . Still , I do love his voice , and he is an amazing singer . Hopefully this will not be the end and the next cd will bring out more of the mind-blowing vocals that we all know as Clay Aiken . Long and short -- If you love Clay it 's worth buying this cd , but do n't expect an Idol-like performance .
 I love this cd , I am his number 1 fan .
 Reviewer
 I like the song `` No More Sad Songs . '' Especially the line `` Let 's take each other 's hand tonight/and slow dance to the fastest jams . `` My last relationship ended about a year ago now and I feel like we -LRB- her and I -RRB- began to almost , in a weird unintentional way , base our relationship on sadness . And , I finally realized that that is just not healthy for either of us or any children we would have had had we gotten married . But , it 's too bad , because we started dating in a , for lack of a better term , pile of joy . I remember seeing her smiling eyes glittering in the night air at TGIFs patio during our first date . So , where did it turn ? And , I have to admit , I sometimes worry that I caused the tide to turn much like a dark rain cloud turns the tide of a relationship.So , I do n't know , I need to change . At least I 'm healthy and wise enough to see that . And , I want that kind of love back . Can I find it again and , if so , can I nurture it instead of purture it ? -LRB- `` Purture '' is my own word , it means the opposite of `` nurture . '' -RRB- We 'll see .
 I WILL HAVE TO ADMIT IT-I WATCHED EVERY EPISODE OF AMERICAN IDOL LAST SEASON , AND I SWEAR-I VOTED EVERY NIGHT AND IT WAS = ALWAYS = FOR CLAY.FROM THE VERY BEGINNING.YES , THERE WERE MANY OTHERS THAT WERE GOOD , BUT NONE SEEMED TO HAVE THAT `` SPECIAL SOMETHING '' LIKE CLAY DID . HIS VOICE SANG DIRECTLY AT YOU , HIS PERSONALITY AND SINCERITY CAME RIGHT THROUGH THE TV , AND YOU THOUGHT ABOUT HIM SINGING THE NEXT DAY . YOU THOUGHT ABOUT HOW UNFAIR AND CRITICAL SIMON WAS OF THIS OUTSTANDING TALENT , AND HOW CLAY HANDLED ALL OF IT , WITH WIT , HUMOR , AND CHARM . HE MADE SIMON LOOK LIKE A DARN FOOL ! HE HAS PROVEN SIMON AND RANDY AND ALL THE DOUBTERS - WRONG . THIS NEW ALBUM -LRB- CD ! -RRB- WAS A HUGE ACCOMPLISHMENT . OF COURSE I BOUGHT THE CD BECAUSE I LOVE CLAY 'S VOICE , BUT , I THOUGHT I MIGHT BE IN FOR A LET-DOWN WHEN I PLAYED IT . ON THE CONTRARY !! THERE ARE 12 SONGS ON THIS CD -LRB- GREAT VALUE ! -RRB- INCLUDING HIS FIRST HIT `` THIS IS THE NIGHT '' . I WAS SOOO PLEASANTLY SURPRISED THAT OUT OF THE 12 SONGS I CAN HONESTLY SAY THAT I LIKE ALL OF THEM . BUT , I - LOVE - AT LEAST 8 OF THEM !! THERE IS A GOOD VARIETY HERE , AND THEY DO N'T ALL SOUND THE SAME . I THINK MY 3 FAVORITES ARE TRACK # 3 `` THE WAY '' , TRACK # 11 `` MEASURE OF A MAN '' AND TRACK # 12 `` TOUCH '' . YOU 'LL LOVE THEM !! OF COURSE , IT WAS GREAT THEY ALSO INCLUDED `` THIS IS THE NIGHT '' , HIS FIRST SINGLE HIT CD . I ALREADY HAD IT , BUT , I LIKE BEING ABLE TO HEAR IT ON THIS CD , TOO . IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A MISTAKE IF THEY HAD LEFT IT OUT . I AM REALLY GLAD I WENT AND BOUGHT THIS NEW CD , AND I KNOW I WILL GET MANY , MANY HOURS OF ENJOYMENT LISTENING TO IT , AT HOME AND IN MY CAR !! NOW , MY ONLY WISH IS TO HEAR CLAY AND KELLY CLARKSON SING A DUET TOGETHER !! SHE IS TERRIFIC , TOO -LRB- I LOVE HER CD , ALSO -RRB- . DO N'T YOU AGREE ??? THAT WOULD BE WONDERFUL !! 2 AMAZING VOICES-TOGETHER ! WOW ! AMERICAN IDOL HAS TRULY GIVEN THE PEOPLE A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO DISCOVER THESE 2 WONDERFULLY TALENTED PEOPLE !! CLAY , KELLY , DO YOU HEAR US ?? WE 'RE WAITING ! RICKI R.
 There are a lot of catchy hooks on this album but the surrounding lyrics are not as strong as I would like to see for someone with a voice such as Clay 's . I can see the record label really wanted some `` boy band '' type songs and they have that with `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' at the very least . I think that , `` Whey You Say You Love Me '' could actually be a cross over to the country/pop stations.I listened to the album through once and the beginnings of each song an additional time and the album had already grown on me . I think the strongest songs are , `` Invisible , '' `` Measure of a Man '' and `` Run To Me . `` This is a decent first album but given time constraints I am looking forward to what Clay will have come out the next time around ! Bottom line is -- if you love Clay 's voice . BUY THE ALBUM!Now if he could just happen to be walking by me one day while I am shopping in Charlotte or Raleigh I would be a truly happy camper !
 Was Clay 's singing on this CD the best we 've heard him do ? No . Can you listen to this CD all the way thru without skipping a track ? Yes . Can you do this with any other CD that you own ? None that I have ! Can you imagine being a nice , non-confrontational person and hold your own against the likes of Clive Davis et al ? I 'd be a wreck , I do n't know about you . Under the circumstances , then , I think this CD is absolutely phenomenal . ...
 I really like the hit `` Invisible '' . I have n't heard the rest of the cd , but i 'm giving Clay four stars because i like to root for the underdog . I never got into the whole American Idol fad , and it 's nice to see that someone with Clay 's geeky looks can be recognized for talent over looks , which in today 's pop market it 's usually the other way around , with looks coming first before talent . Clay would best be suited to doing broadway musicals on stage . I think his voice is better suited to that genre . I 'd really like to think that Clay will go places and may even release a second cd and possibly have a good recording career . I hope he wo n't be relegated to the `` where are they now '' category in five years from now . I hope Clay will NOT do the Kelly Clarkson thing and star in a movie . That would be his career-ending downfall . THe only type of movies i can see him acting in are B-horror movies or movies where he has a very small minor role . I ca n't see Clay doing action/adventure flicks or movies where he 's cast as the male lead in some romantic chick flick . Let 's get real , the guy has limited visual appeal . He 's got an extremely androgenous appearance . I saw the music video for `` Invisible '' , and unfortunately it got nominated for cheesiest video of 2003 . The video asks us to suspend our disbelief for a few minutes as we watch Clay being part of a live outdoor street concert with throngs of screaming girls and people and all kinds of mahem going on . This guy could easily do shopping mall tours and fill an audience , but the guy wo n't sellout any major big seat arenas . If Clay is smart , he 'll milk his 20 minutes of fame for all it 's worth . Do all the magazine covers , do the music videos , do the tv appearances and such , and get all the exposure you can , because the pop fame will be limited . Clay is popular now , especially with the competition against Ruben . I like Clay better anyway . But enjoy the fame until the next Idol winner is announced and you no longer are as popular . And to the person who wrote the review about Ruben not winning because they do n't want a black person to win American Idol
 A great CD . ! I am kind of wearing it out though ... I play it constantly when in my car . With Clay it is all about the voice , the lyric , the phrasing . He is a joy to listen to . FYI he is all that and in person he delivers the goods ! Clay is the real deal ! Fantastic ! I hear the SOUL , LOTS OF US DO !
 I love the album . Clay 's voice shines through . However , ` Measure of a Man ' , ` Invisible ' , or ` This Is the Night ' are definately not the best songs on this CD . If you like those songs then you are in for a treat with the rest of the music . I really hope that his next album is more upbeat and something you can dance to . I rate it an A + .
 I was one of those crazy people -LRB- 29 -RRB- who cheered for Clay when he was on American Idol . So I was eagerly anticipating his first album , especially after hearing his single `` This is the Night '' . I ran right out on Tuesday morning and grabbed a copy . My hopes were high and I was not disappointed . Clay sounds fantastic , confident , and strong . His range is solid from top to bottom and he embues the right strength as well as emotional pathos to the songs depending on what is required . I am sure that some of the songs were given to him in order to turn out a fast album . Usually it takes a while to crank out a really great album , this was done in a few short months . Even though the writing of some of the music at times can be a little sophmoric , Clay takes them and makes them sing . The tunes however are definately catchy , great hooks that will stay in your head for a while . Especially , `` The Way '' and `` Invisible '' . If this is his first effort in a rushed manner I look forward to seeing later work that takes time with smart choices being made from him as he will no doubt grow as a performer and artist . I also agree with the fact that pop is not his only medium . I would enjoy hearing him do some covers as well as standards and even show music . Which is a testament to his talent , extremely versatile.The album overall is fantastic chiefly due to a terrific new artist , Clay Aiken .
 No More Sad Songs is GREAT !! Invisible is good . The other songs are ok.The album grows on you , but it should n't have to.I do n't blame Clay , we all know what a fabulous singer he is.The producers did n't put enough into the album , maybe not caring . The songs do n't have the same emotional impact as the one 's he sang on the Idol show.I 'm over 50 and see Clay as a young Sinatra , but this Album sold him short . There are some notes that did n't come off well , and it should have never passed inspection . This is n't a live show , retakes are ok . I would still recommend that you buy this album .
 If your musical tastes run to terrific songs sung by a stunningly beautiful voice , this album is for you . It 's a quality product from beginning to end . A bit retro without ever sounding dated , each song on the album allows a different facet of Aiken 's talent to shine through . If you loved Journey , you 'll be thrilled with Run to Me . If you remember Beatlemania , you 'll adore Shine . And yet , Aiken is always , uniquely himself . If you know anything of his history , you 'll know that No More Sad Songs , while seemingly a breakup song , probably has a different meaning for Aiken . If you know anything of his values , you 'll understand why Measure of a Man is the title track . This is , without a doubt , the most enjoyable pop album I 've heard in a long time !
 The songs on this CD are quite good and Clay 's voice delivers as always . Let 's keep things in perspective , Clay is not 40 , he 's 24 . As he ages , the songs will change but for now , this is his element . All in all , an excellent CD with several possible singles . I was pleasantly surprised with his first CD , and I 'm sure the ones to come will be even better .
 Every song in this CD is wonderful ! AIKEN proves that real talent still exists and after purchasing this album -LRB- along with his earlier single BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER , -RRB- it is no wonder why so many people love him . I look forward to his future albums ! AIKEN is my IDOL !!!
 I liked the CD the first time I listened to it , but the more I play it ; the more I enjoy it . One of the few CD 's I have purchased where I have liked the majority of the songs . Thanks Clay ; for a great listening experience . Already looking forward to your next one .
 I really enjoyed being able to listen to a CD for a change and actually be able to understand and relate to the words of the songs . At times , unfortunately , Clay 's voice seems to be obscured by the music -- too bad , his voice is phenomenal ! Great job Clay ! Keep up the good work !
 I 'm 16 , female and a fan of Clay 's beautiful voice . `` Measure of a Man '' is a pretty good CD . I really like six of the twelve songs . Two I think are alright and there are four I really do not care for . Here 's my take on each song in the order they appear on the album : `` Invisible '' is a great song because it is catchy , fun , and up-beat . It really does put you in a good mood.I also really enjoy `` I Will Carry You '' because it has a great melody and Clay 's voice is beautiful when it takes the role of the care-giver . I do not like `` The Way '' at all . It reminds me too much of boy band music . Gag . May I kill the background vocals in this one ? Sorry , I meant ... get rid of . `` When You Say You Love Me '' is another one I do n't care for . It is too mellow . It starts off cute with the country sound and that you can make out Clay 's cute southern accent but the song is way too repetitive , I think . `` No More Sad Song '' sounds like a Japanese rock ballad to me . That 's why this song is kind of funny to me . I do like listening to it but only because of that . `` Run to Me '' is a beautiful song . Again , Clay is playing the role of the comforter . Sigh . I 'm a sucker for ballads . He really does do them well . `` Shine '' is ho-hum . It 's alright but I would n't put this song on repeat . `` I Survived You '' is decent . I do like listening to it but it does n't stand out.I love `` This Is the Night . '' I really do . Clay 's vocals shine in this song . `` Perfect Day '' is very cute . I like this one a lot because it 's a happy song and it puts me in a good mood . Happy Clay is singing to me . Squeee!I like `` Measure of a Man . '' It has grown on me more and more with each listen . It really sounds like Clay 's song as he really has proved to us what is the measure of a man with his respectable character.Okay . Now there 's `` Touch . '' This is the one song I least like on the album . I might even go so far as to say I hate it . Heh . I guess it 's supposed to be a `` sexy '' song . It 's too mushy and it just screams to me that it 's trying to appeal to those hormone-driven women fans . Oh , it worked . I hate this song . I never liked `` sexy '' songs and this one does n't make me want to start . Just put Clay in glasses and make him do goofy dance moves and that will makes me go crazy , thanks.I loved the voice of Clay I heard on American Idol and his demos more than what I 'm hearing on this album . If the second album perhaps could capture that I would pay twice as much for it than I did for this one . Overall , this is a good album nevertheless . You should buy `` Measure of a Man '' to listen to a voice that sets it apart in the music industry . Oh , there 's a pretty poster too .
 Honestly the guy can sing . Out of 12 songs , I would say more than half are excellent , and the others are worth listening too . Most cd 's have 2-4 decent songs out of 12-15 , however this one tops them all . If you think the cd could be better , I disagree . Everyhting in life could always be better , you cant change that . As a first Clay Aiken Deput album ... ?? well It Rocks . Worth every penny .
 I have been a music lover all my life and have heard many artists who have come and gone . Clay Aiken is a phenomenal talent . There has only been one other album I have ever listened to and appreciated the way I do this cd . It was a new group that the world initially did n't know what to do with . Their album was titled `` Meet the Beatles '' . I see great similarities between the way the world embraced the Beatles and the love of Clay Aiken . I am excited to live in the age of Clay -- I know his future will be incredible -- and the wonderful part about it is -- he deserves it .
 All I can say is , Clay Aiken has a wonderful voice and every song on this album is a delight to listen to . Usually when I buy an album I will have a few songs that I really like and the others are just okay but that is not so with this album . I love every song ! This guy can really sing . His voice is strong and clean . I ca n't wait for another album to come out by this young man ! I purchased one copy and a week later came back and bought two more for gifts and another one for me so I would n't have to keep taking the CD from my car to my house.To young and old alike , I have just two words to say -- buy it ! You will enjoy it !
 While I wanted to LOVE this CD - I think Clay is the greatest example of the American `` Can Do '' philosophy , and a decent human being to boot - I was disappointed when I first listened . Other than `` This is the Night , '' the only track to wow me was `` I Survived You . '' But , since I wanted to love it , and I had paid good money for the thing , I kept listening ... Then I fell - and I mean HARD ! ... I DO love this CD ... No , it is not the greatest musical production ever -LRB- in fact , I think it is OVERproduced ... Clay 's voice sings for itself - it needs less help , not more -RRB- ; but it is a fine start to a career that will cross many medias - -LRB- I would love to see Aiken on Broadway , Mr. Cowell ! -RRB- and we will watch with wonder at the good this great man will do with his life and his time of fame . He is a performer worth supporting and encouraging ... You go Clay !
 Wow I thought the winner of UKs Pop Idol last year was good but Clay is ten times better . Ive waited a while for the CD to come out and we dont get much info in England but it was worth the wait to hear a whole album full of the best voice to come out of the States for years !
 I 'll make this simple . Buy this CD . I thought Clay should have won American Idol in the first place . He has a fantastic voice . I love every song on this CD . I could listen to it all day and not get tired of it . Clay Aiken is someone who does n't compromise his principles . In his personal appearances , he remains true to who he is . He is not ashamed to be a `` nerd '' if that means being a decent human being . I hope this sells millions . He deserves it .
 nobody can deny clay aiken 's talent for singing . this cd definitely showcases his ability . i 've had it for almost a year now and i still listen to it all the time . its also a great cd to work out to !
 I think Clay Aiken is the best thing that has happened to music in a long time . This CD is great and I listen to it over and over again . Clay is a fantastic singer , a great person who is sincere , giving and a wonderful all around good human being . I am looking forward to many more CDs from him . I am also looking forward to attending his solo concert tomorrow evening at Sioux Falls , SD . Ca n't wait .
 This is the best album to come along in years . So romantic , sexy and his voice !! OMG to die for . Clay sing the phone book and I 'd buy it .
 It 's been such a long time coming - and far too long!Finally , a man with genuine vocal talent , innocently sexy , a wholesome stage presence , and songs a parent does n't have to monitor . I hope Clay Aiken starts a new trend for the music industry.This album is just wonderful !! I enjoy every single song over and over again . Clay meets the challenge of every note , every chord and and every arrangement effortlessly.I look forward to his future successes and I think he will be around for a long time.By the way , I first bought this CD for myself as well as his single Bridge Over Trouble Water and then my daughter told me she wanted both of them for Christmas and that her daughter wanted her own copies for Christmas as well !!! We are 56 , 36 , and 17 respectively.Yes , Clay Aiken is definetly a refreshing new talent on the horizon .
 Clay Aiken does n't need any other title than that . He won our hearts with his pure , yet powerful & magical voice & wholesome charm . The guy can SING & certainly does plenty of it on Measure of a Man ! If you 're looking for a great Christmas gift for everyone in the family , this is it . Not since Elvis or Rod Stewart have I been this excited @ a performer or his music . Measure of a Man is sure to become a classic & yes , Clay does have staying power . This CD is perfect for today & Clay is truly a Luminary . Forget most of the over-synthesized , mumbo-jumbo being marketed as `` music '' now . Clay is a class-act & this CD proves it . There are beautiful lovesongs & powerful ballads you will want to listen to over & over again & sing along with -LRB- yes , you can actually hear & understand the well-written & beautifully-emoted lyrics -RRB- & do so even in mixed company -- that says a lot compared to most of the `` racy '' pop & hip-hop so common today . Everyone from my 5-year old niece to 78-yr . old father-in-law think Clay & MOAM are awesome . Pick up the Am.Idol Christmas CD too -- if you love pure music with a lot of heart & soul , anything Clay sings will bring you joy this holiday season & years to come !
 This album is an excellent `` POP '' album - EVERY song on this album has a great melody . You will not have to hit the skip button on your cd player . Of course you will have your faves - My faves are Perfect Day and Touch . Another thing that makes Measure of a Man special is the fact that Clay just does n't sing the songs - he puts `` FEELING '' into it . I loved the little surprises that I heard through out the album . For example the song `` When you say you Love me '' has a country feel to it.All I can say is buy the album - you will NOT be disapointed !
 Man , Invisible is already infectious , but listening to `` I will Carry you '' , I 'm thinking . . can his songs get anymore addictive ??? Whether that 's a bad thing or a good thing is personal opinion I guess .
 This is a really great CD . My 11 yr . old daughter loves it , I love it , and my 63 year old mom likes it , too ! I especially like `` The Way '' , but all the songs are enjoyable . I could n't wait for this to be released , and it was worth the wait !!
 Clay 's first CD is wonderful . It showcases his range and the uniqueness of his voice . Invisible and Touch are upbeat and can easily be danced to . The Way and Measure of a Man highlight Clay 's ability to do ballads like no other . When You Say You Love Me has a bit of a country flavour and Shine and I Survived You are on the edgier side . The CD just gets better and better everytime you listen and Clay sings every song with passion and emotion . A great first album .
 ... becauseI love the sound of Clay 's voiceI love the passion that comes through his music - it is clear that he feels what the songwriter feltI love that the songs are complex and intelligent - not some coked-out-can ` t-handle-more-than-10-words-in-the-lyric-or-I-lose-attention-deficit-syndrome musicI love that soaring , wonderful , lusty voiceI love that I find myself dancing in my chair/car/home while I 'm feeling the musicI love that I do n't have to listen to the `` Thanks , but I 've already heard them a million times and I 'm tired of them '' oldies to hear music that makes me want to sing alongI love Clay 's spirit and scruples and sexinessI love that Clay fulfills a need that the music industry has been lacking for the last several yearsI love his voiceClay makes any song he sings sound better.If you need more reasons , I can give them ...
 I got this CD yesterday , and could not be more thrilled . Clay shows off his brilliant voice , as usual , and I have n't stopped listening to it since . My personal favourite song is Invisible . I highly reccomend this cd to all music lovers . Listen and be dazzled .
 Love this album , especially `` I Will Carry You '' , beautiful song . Yay Clay !
 I got this CD yesterday , and could not be more thrilled . Clay shows off is brilliant voice , as usual , and I have n't stopped listening to it since . My personal favourite song is Invisible . I highly reccomend this cd to all music lovers . Listen and be dazzled .
 Clay 's Cd is just magnificent . I can honestly say there is not one bad track on the album . Everytime you listen to it , it just gets better and better . Invisible and Touch are upbeat and make you want to get up and dance . When You Say You Love Me has a little bit of a country flavour and The Way and Measure of a Man are pure ballads . And Clay just does n't sing the lyrics , he is the lyrics . It showcases his amazing range and the uniqueness of his voice . Listen to the CD a few times and you will agree it is a wonderful first album for Clay Aiken .
 If you do n't know who Clay Aiken is and you 're wondering what all the fuss is about and whether you should buy this CD , I 'm going to try to tell you . Clay is a nice young man with a powerhouse voice . He 's been compared to Josh Groban , Celine Dion , Rick Astley , Elvis and Frank Sinatra among others . However , part of what makes Clay special is that he has his own unique voice and can sing well in many different musical styles . This CD is mostly pop and ballads . The tunes are catchy . After a few listens , you 'll probably be humming along . Invisible will probably have you dancing.Most of the songs are about love -- celebrating it , hoping for it , losing it , or getting over it . The Way is a sweet , lyrical love song , whereas Perfect Day has more of a `` shout it from the rooftops '' feel to it . The title song , Measure of a Man , is thought-provoking and one of my favorites . It asks what a man has to do to prove his love has worth.I think this CD will appeal to a wide range of people , but especially to those who like softer rock and pop or adult contemporary . This is an outstanding first CD from an artist with much more to offer .
 Clay 's voice is amazing . That 's what I thought when I first heard him . After listening to this release , I know now I was right . His voice soars and shines , even on the simplest `` radio friendly '' tunes like `` Invisible '' , `` The Way '' , and `` Touch '' . `` Measure Of A Man '' and `` Run to Me '' are absolutely beautiful ballads . My personal favorites are `` Perfect Day '' and `` Shine '' . I think it 's the Beatlesque sound of them . Normally when I purchase a cd , there are one or two songs I really do n't care much about . Not with this release . Every song is one worth listening to over and over again . This is definitely one of the best cds I 've heard in a long time and I do n't think Clay Aiken will be or should be invisible to the world any longer .
 Not since Bon Jovi 's music have I enjoyed an artist this much ! I am in awe at Mr. Aiken 's range and the beauty of his voice . The songs on his album are wonderfully varied and I am not the least bit tempted to skip over any of them , but I have not yet been able to identify one as an absolute favorite over the others . Even though the album has only been out a short time , I am anxious for new music from Clay Aiken - I can not get enough of him . Thank you .
 If I could give this cd a 10 I would . Clay has definitely proved to me that he is and always will be American Idol # 1 second season . It is impossible to pick just one song to call a favorite . I predict this album will go platnum within six months . Simon `` THE GROUCH '' admitted that this album is a good one.I highly recommend that if you like love songs , ballads , buy this cd .
 Clay has made many of us get back into the album buying mode ! I think this new release is great in every aspect . I too would like to see Neil Sedaka produce him ! That aside , the critics who tell us we ca n't like him are pushing us right into his `` arms '' .
 Clay shines in this CD . Take into consideration it was made so quickly , and that it 's his first CD , and the results are even more impressive . His voice just wo n't quit , and it 's nice to know that Clay does n't have to resort to shock methods or suggestive lyrics to sell an album . He does n't have to -- he has REAL talent , and this is evident on every cut . Especially great is `` I Will Carry You '' .
 Clay Aiken is the REAl the American Idol . His first CD Is justall I expected ! GREAT !!! Every song is a `` play over and over '' . Ca n't wait until his next CD comes out . Wonderful work , Clay!From a fan in Stamford , CT
 It 's about time . What a joy to sit back and listen to a gifted performer belt out 12 thoroughly enjoyable songs and touch people 's hearts and souls in the process . For years we have had to endure inaudible or offensive lyrics performed by artists -LRB- a term I use loosely -RRB- with no talent hiding behind loud background noise . What a breath of fresh air is Clay Aiken . For those of you who tuned out of the music scene a decade ago in order to save your hearing , it is now safe to go back into your record store and buy `` Measure Of A Man '' . Each song could easily stand on it 's own as a single and I particulary recommend `` The Way '' , `` Run To Me '' and the title song `` Measure Of A Man '' . If you want something a little more `` edgy '' which seems to be the big word in music today , you 'll enjoy `` Invisible '' or `` Touch '' . I give up , just listen and enjoy all of them .
 The new CD is FANASTIC ! All the songs really showcase Clay 's amazing voice . `` The Way '' is breath taking ! Congrats RCA , 19 Entertainment and Clay you have done your fans proud !
 I just read a review posted by Dave G. from Kentucky , and I agree . This album is a good first effort from Clay , but does not fully showcase the amazing talent and range that we marvelled at during the AI competition . The producers have obviously attempted a pop make-over , and somewhat succeeded . Make no mistake - the album is good and Clay makes the best of the material given him . But I am anticipating greater things on the next album from this outstanding performer .
 Love the new cd . I liked all the songs the first time I heard them . BUT each time I listen to them they grow in intensity and feeling for me . Great CD !
 Clay Aiken has one of the purest and most powerful voices in Pop music today . I was prepared to be underwhelmed by this CD since it was recorded so quickly and without as much creative input as Clay will likely have over his next recording . I was blown away . The songs on this CD are all pleasant enough but when sung by Clay Aiken they invariably become something truly special and chill-inducing . I hear traces of Elton John , Freddie Mercury and The Beatles on this CD , but in the end Clay sounds like nobody else . He 's truly a star to watch.Sadly , the only way you 'll ever hear him will probably be to buy this CD . Top 40 radio and even Adult Contemporary radio has become so firmly entrenched in Hip Hop that they all but refuse to play Clay 's music .
 I have played Clay 's CD over and over for the last two days ... There are so many good songs on this album I ca n't choose a favorite ... Clay sings from the heart and this certainly comes through in the album . Each song has a message and a great melody .
 Oh my gosh ... how incredible is Clay ? All of the songs on this CD are incredible . Each song is a reflection on experiences everyone has and can relate to . Whether it be being in love , falling in love , or declaring your independence from a broken relationship and moving on . They are all here and Clay puts everything into each song . He is one of the most refreshingly cool voices to come on the scene in years and we are all the better for it . At least we can now hear other songs besides `` This is the Night '' which is still good but most people were eagerly awaiting something new and have they gotten it !!!! One has to wonder why he needed a talent showcase to break into recording when he could have done it on his own . Bravo !
 This is an absolutely wonderful CD !! Those who have waited for this new expression of a unique and beautiful talent will not be disappointed ! The songs are either up-tempo and catchy or heartfelt and memorable . What a combination !! If you buy one CD this month , make it Measure of a Man !!!
 I love every single song on this cd . Clay is so awesome and talented . I look forward to many many more .
 As the mother of a teen who is a big Clay Aiken fan , I picked up this CD yesterday for her . We hardly ever buy music CD 's anymore because there are usually only one or two good songs on them - and I expected this one to be the same . WRONG ! Nearly every song on this album touched me in some way - I especially liked the song `` Shine . '' This album is filled with very good music that a parent does n't have to be concerned about their children listening to . And as for the big Clay Aiken fan in the house , she is thrilled with all the songs - the title track seems to be her favorite so far.Too bad the lyrics to the songs were not included along with the liner notes . Guess the producers decided to go with the fold-out Clay Aiken poster instead .
 As a previous reviewer stated , I was hoping for something a little more `` Clay-like '' . Invisible is a great song , and a few others are really good , but I was really hoping for Clay 's version of some older classics . That incredible voice still shines through , I just was expecting something less trendy .
 Track after glorious track , Mr. Aiken allows us into his soul and spreads joy through our hearts . His voice is truly blessed . Listen to this CD and just try not to sing along and smile .
 This is the best CD ... I love all the songs . To pick a favorite it changes all the time ... right now I enjoy `` I Survived You '' and `` The Way '' . What a great job by Mr. Aiken . Refresehing to have an entertainer that can actually sing and does not have to use any foul language . Mr. Aiken certainly has hit the music world in a way that was much needed . I for one have been waiting for a great voice and someone with such great morals is just an added bonus . I love that Mr. Aiken is so intrested in helping others . I hope he continues his music career at least for now but I also hope he does what he wants to do !!!! I await the next concert -LRB- fortunate to see him already and he was awesome -RRB- . The crowd response to Mr. Aiken is amazing . God Bless you Mr. Aiken and keep up the awesome music for your devoted fans !!!!
 Clay Aiken has got to be the BEST singer in the world ! I LOVE this dude ! His first CD , ` Measure of a Man ' , was absolutely AWESOME !! It includes hit songs such as ` Ivisible ' , ` The Way ' , ` When You Say You Love Me ' , ` No More Sad Songs ' , and ` Measure of a Man ' . Not only are all the songs on the CD an awesome showcase and display of his voice , but they are all appropriate ; no cussing or inappropriate references . I 'm so proud that of him for being clean and staying true to his values . Kudos for Clay ! Go out and buy this CD today ! You will not regret it ! : -RRB-
 To music fan from Toronto . Why in the hell would you even write a review of a CD you do n't even own ? It 's quite obvious you 're a jealous Ruben fan that just wants to be mean and nasty.This is a wonderful CD . I ca n't quit listening to it . Clay has a beautiful voice that just emotionally pulls you into the song with him . He is a bright new talent and I ca n't wait for his next venture . If you love talent and hearing someone who can actually sing , this is the CD for you .
 I ABSOLUTLY LOVE THIS CD , I LISTEN TO IT ALL THE TIME , IN FACT THIS IS THE FIRST CD THAT I HAVE BOUGHT IN A REALLY LONG TIME -- I TRULY RECOMMEND IT , YOU DO N'T EVEN HAVE TO AN AMERICAN IDOL FAN TO LOVE HIS MUSIC
 There is n't a day that does n't go by that I have n't listened to `` Measure of a Man . '' It continues to be my favorite album whether driving in my car , or at home ! I especially find the song `` The Way '' just absolutely beautiful . For anyone who enjoys a wonderful love song , this is for them ! I enjoyed listening to Clay sing it on The Tonight Show last night . He sang it with emotion and conviction ! I look forward to his performance on `` Ed '' Friday night . Clay , you are an inspiration for young people today . Your energy and positive attitude are absolute pluses . What a good role model ! Keep on doing the great job you are doing ! You will surely becme a legend with a voice that is surely one of a kind !!!!
 Too bad this site is clogged with reviews from people who either hate this particular singer , or love him to death . Could we just focus on the music for a change?I 've had this CD for two months now and , while I fully expected to get sick of it within a few weeks , I 'm still playing it . Go figure . There 's just something about Aiken 's voice -- I feel it the minute he starts to sing . Maybe these are n't all the best songs in the world -- I 'd agree with anyone who thinks a few of the lyrics are cliched -- but they work for me . Even if I do n't play this album for days , I 'm always surprised when I put it back into my CD player how much I enjoy it . I even transferred it to my mp3 player so I can take it with me.My musical tastes are fairly varied ; just these past week I bought Fefe Dobson 's debut album and Sasha Lazard 's The Myth of Red , and that 's about as far apart as you can get without being into rap or heavy metal!I see from other posts on this site that Billboard named this Best Pop Album of 2003 . I ca n't argue with that ; frankly , I 'm trying to think of another pop album this year that I liked better and nothing comes to mind . The arrangements on Measure of a Man are lush , with a tiny bit of techno , nice melodies , good production ... plus Aiken 's voice . I 'm not sure what else you would need to make a great pop album.Four stars ? Absolutely .
 Clay is THE best ! I am retyping this review , in part because COOLAUKLANDER chose to reprint my earlier post on Feb. 5 for SOME reason , but also because I was no longer happy w / what I wrote.I was TOO generous w / my original post . While I STILL agree w / the 5 stars and WHOLEHEARTEDLY endorse his CD and want you all to buy numerous copies , this is mostly because I want him to make it big enough to score better music for his next albums . I have to agree w / the other posters who say that it just DOES N'T capture the Clay that captivated us back on ` AMERICAN IDOL 2 ' . Those golden oldies he performed really allowed his voice to SOAR and he was able to show his power and range , holding notes for astonishing lengths of time , and you KNOW he could have held them even longer if he chose to . I just have to come out and say that the songs on this CD do n't do that.Let 's hope that his NEXT one makes up for this oversite and MORE . I guess it is true that they just do n't write songs like they used to , in fact , whenever you hear a great song nowadays , w / clever lyrics , catchy melody and real feeling and soul to it , 9 times out of 10 , it can be counted on to be a REMAKE . Look at SIMPLY RED 'S Mick Hucknall . He has a great voice , but all you hear him on the radio doing is COVERS , or some new dumb lyrics added to an old HALL and OATES tune , he 's that desperate for songs that are worthy of him.We must all pray that Clay is able to overcome this dearth of great songs and find the gems that are still out there!BTW , Clay SHOULD do a CD of the songs he performed on ` American Idol 2 ' , and also new versions of the covers and country and Christian songs he recorded before Idol . These REALLY show his vocal abilities , and he could give ALL the proceeds to charity ! Maybe he ca n't do this yet , but hopefully a few years down the road after he has established himself in the music world .
 I truly looked forward to this CD . I think Clay has a remarkable voice and if he takes his career seriously in music , he will be the star that makes it for the years and years to come.I anticipated more from the CD than what was delivered . While I still think it is a great CD -LRB- I like all the songs -RRB- , I know that Clay has a voice that was not completely unleashed . I read another critic 's comments that Clay has the vocal range and talent to make goose bumps ... . I agree . Give him the license to sing the songs that he will pour himself into and you will have a truly breathless listening experience . Music is best sung from your heart and with your own emotion , Clay 's talent to bring out his best in song is what will make him a star.Anyone wanting to hear Clay sing will not be disappointed by this CD . It is easy listening and I for one do n't skip any songs when listening to it . It leaves me wanting for more tho ' cause I know he has it in him . There are rumors of a Gospel CD , I for one would buy that without heistation . One of the most stirring songs I have heard to date is the duet that Clay and Ruben did on one of the award shows where they proudly bellowed `` Jesus '' for the viewing eye of thousands ! -LRB- I think the MTV awards ?? -RRB- . In any event , buy this CD , you will like it . I truly hope there are many more to follow .
 There is no doubt in my mind that Clay Aiken is a fantastic singer with a unique voice , but he is a performer through and through , and to show off all of his energy and talent , he needs to be in front of a huge audience of cheering fans . Unfortunately , he was in front of a mike and some select crew members for the making of this CD , so you can not fully experience the thrill of his voice . But on the whole , a great and definetly enjoyable CD . You can not buy anything else like it.In a couple of places , Clay sounds as though he is trying to sound like someone else , which he does n't need to do . His voice is completely one-of-a-kind and he does n't have to worry about what people will think of it . Ninety-five percent of the time , he shows off the amazing things his voice can do . Now , I would have liked to see 100 percent , but never mind ... All of the melodies are fantastic , and I constantly find myself humming them . Perhaps the lyrics are n't that unique or well-thought out in one or two places , but his fresh and exciting voice makes up for that . There really is n't a single boring note in all the 45 minutes of music ! He keeps you constantly wanting to hear what he will do next.Definetly a fantastic buy , and one that I would recommend for anyone who loves this guy 's voice !
 Gave this CD 5 stars because even though the material is not the strongest , the songs just make you feel good . Great CD for driving in the car . What really stands out is the purety and range of Clay 's voice . So good to hear someone who can really sing and not need any technical assistance in the production . His voice is distinctive and he is able to make each song his own . Ca n't say that I agree with the previous reviewer who likes Michael Buble . While Michael has a fine voice , he sounds like he 's trying to be Frank Sinatra . Nothing unique about Michael . I 'm not saying do n't buy Michael Buble , he has a fine voice . But if you are looking for a voice that 's unique , strong and beautiful , then Clay Aiken is a good choice . As for any of the AI contestants owing their success to AI , I agree , AI gives them a good head start . However , after that their success depends on them , just look at what happened to Justin Guarini .
 No wonder this singer won an American Music Award , a Billboard Music Award , a TV Guide Award and no wonder he got a double platinum plaque one week after the release of this CD . It 's just great . I love he songs . I love his voice . I expect to see new trends in music come about as a result of this CD .
 Measure of a Man is an absolute masterpiece . I have never heard a voice as pure or beautiful as Clay Aiken 's . Each song contributes something to the CD and shows off the many sides of Clay - be it pop or a strong ballad , his voice creates a goose bump experience . This is my number one CD of the year and I highly recommend it to everyone . People of all ages can honestly appreciate it .
 Measure of A Man , Clay Aiken 's debut album of 2003 , is a very good start for this rising young talent . I watched him religiously on the American Idol competition and just loved his voice . This album will have enormous appeal for the pop audience . There is definitely a variety of songs which showcase Clay 's different vocal styles . `` This Is The Night '' , which was one of his first songs released to the public , is a great song . You can just hear the passion and emotion in his voice . His `` Invisible '' single is a great fast-paced song that instantly just hooks you and it is currently receiving tons of airplay . I also liked The Way , I Will Carry You , I Survived You , and Measure of A Man . This is a good album to listen to when you just want to unwind and relax .
 Yes we shop Wal-Mart and Target and other bargin places to be aseconomically thrifty as possible . We also work , run the childrento soccer and little league and swimming , we grocery shop , do the laundry , clean the house , do yardwork AND LISTEN TO CLAY AIKEN . It has been decades since we , middle class America has hada music hero and now we do . An incrediably talented young man with a voice like no other . He is unique . He can really sing . Hedoes n't WHINE a song or annoy us with one note drawn out with the up and down ununununnu . For alot of us this is the first CDwe have bought in a very long time , as our part of America has been forgotten . We do n't like Rap or Hip-Hop or crossover wannabes . We are Middle Class America , the backbone of the enonomy . If it were not for us there would be no economy . We paytaxes , work hard and spend the money we make . We do n't downloadmusic we buy it . Now we have the chance to support an artist that we can relate to . A nice young man with morals that the whole family can listen to from little 3yr . old Crissy to 75 yr.old Grandma , and all ages inbetween . No foul language to sexualcontent no drugs , just great music . So let us support this NewHERO OF THE MIDDLE CLASS . BUY HIS CD YOU WO N'T BE SORRY AND THISWILL KEEP HIM AROUND , AS SALES IS ALL THE RECORD COMPANIES CAREABOUT .
 Clay 's album was declared the best Pop Album of 2003 by Billboard Magazine . This album righteously deserved that acclaim . Every song on this album is excellent . You enjoy every song on this album . Clay 's voice is rich and pure . As far as the racist comments made by some Ruben fans on this site . Clay fans buy his music because they love his voice . Stop stereotyping his fans . The only power buying was exposed by a black Journalist B. Saunders , where he was pressured to encourage blacks to buy Ruben 's CD only to beat Clay . Note that he said blacks , not black fans , were being emailed and encouraged by DJs and a National Civil Rights leader to show the world who won the TV show . Now that is racism against Clay , although Clay has always been a supportive friend of Ruben . Before you make this a black and white issue , I am Spanish and many of us love Clay Aiken . We voted for him and love his music because we love him and his voice . Those of you who are buying because of color and race , need to grow up . I would have never voted for Vanessa just because I am Spanish . I voted for the best singer Clay Aiken .
 I really like Measure Of A Man so much , and the thing is I have kids and I can play it loud and do n't have to worry about anything bad being said ! My daughter loves singing along with Clay . GREAT CD !!! My mom likes it so much too !!! Clay thank you so much for this , truly !!!! Thank you so much !!!
 Clay Aiken has showed us that he CAN SING and this debut CD is more proof of that . The talent displayed on this CD is full of rich and melodic vocals . I would expect no less from this incredibly gifted man . There is something remarkable about his voice which is hard to pinpoint . He just is an amzing talent and one who will be around for decades . Great CD !
 If you are looking for a fun CD , then this is the one ! Some of the songs are lively -LRB- Invisible and Perfect Day -RRB- and some of the songs are thought provoking -LRB- The Way , I Will Carry You , and Measure of a Man -RRB- . There are other songs that are just plain fun -LRB- When You Say You Love Me , and I Survived You -RRB- and others are truly interesting -LRB- Shine and Touch -RRB- . Of course , the SMASH SINGLE from the summer , This is the Night , is also included . This is a great CD to pop in the player and listen to with the family , because there are no trashy lyrics here . This is a CLASS ACT ! And speaking of class acts ... Clay Aiken is the real deal.Buy this CD . Do n't listen to the people that have trashed this CD because of disliking American Idol . Clay Aiken deserves ALL of the fame that he is receiving right now . CLAY AIKEN IS AN AMAZINGLY TALENTED YOUNG MAN ! America has been longing for someone with REAL TALENT like Clay Aiken!I ca n't wait for his next CD . I 'm sure it will be even better than this one . If that is possible !
 Hmmm . Wow . What do I say about this guy that has n't been said hundreds of times before from the reviews I have read so far ? One thing I find a bit humorous with people reviewing this CD , here and professionally -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- is that I see the use of a few words that I think someone used early on , and in the true fashion of monkey-see , monkey-do , everyone else keeps repeating . Most likely not because they actually know what they mean , but because they ca n't think of anything original to say themselves . These words are `` schmaltzy '' and `` vanilla '' . Lest I forget the smarmy `` he 's better suited for Broadway '' comments ? These two words and aforementioned phrase make me cringe almost as much as the words `` gnosh '' , `` svelte '' , `` uber '' , and `` ilk '' . Ah , so much for the `` almost '' part , they absolutely make me cringe as much . For crying out loud , does n't anyone have a dictionary or thesaurus ? My friend , who is a HUGE fan of this guy , gave me this CD -LRB- she said she was `` Claying it forward '' - which in and of itself gave me a good laugh on a boring Tuesday evening -RRB- as a gift last week for no particular reason other than she could n't stand the fact that I did n't have it yet . I did n't watch the show and really had no interest in doing so , even though she bugged the hell out of me the entire run to watch . So not knowing what to expect , I put it in and listened and was surprised that the first song was the one I 'd heard a few times recently on 93.1 called `` Invisible '' . I liked that song the first time I heard it on the radio and knew most of the words but did n't know who sang it . How surprised and pleased was I to learn it was Clay . If liking Clay is a bad thing , you can color me horrible , because I 'm completely hooked . He has a pure and incredibly strong tenor voice that travels the full range and exhibits excellent control of the syrinx mucles to exude a fabulous vibrato . So much so it gave me chills . Controlling the diaphram and breathing in such a manner to sing like he does is quite difficult and requires a lot of skill , along with a natural talent that ca n't be learned . She sent me a link of his last performance on the show of `` Bridge Over Troubled Waters '' on-line , and if ever I lamented over missing something , it was missing watching that performance the moment it was aired . That was really magnificent . I always liked that song and it 's an incredibly difficult song to sing . He took a classic , a kind of introspective and quitetly supportive song , and in two mintues , he transformed it into an entirely different sounding -LRB- and meaning -RRB- song . He replaced Garfunkle 's garbled and wimpy voice with the evocative warbling pipes of a masterful songbird at his peak and in his prime and stretched his little two minute performance into one of the best live performances I have ever heard and transformed `` BOTW '' into an all out , beautifully crafted contemporary power-ballad . And admit it , we all LOVE power ballads . If not , Journey would never have sold a single album or concet ticket . It was truly awe-inspiring . I watched it -LRB- the BOTW performance -RRB- quite a few times and in watching him , his demeanor , his confidence , I was really impressed . There is something incredibly comforting about Clay . He seems trustworthy and real . The kind of guy you want to marry and have kids with -LRB- at least from a lady 's POV -RRB- , not because he 's a total fox -LRB- although he is very handsome in a mature , well-mannered teachery kind of way -RRB- but because you get an instant feel that he is exactly who you think he is . Clay 's just Clay and apparently that has been enough to fuel two million in record sales in a little over two months with very little radio play . Not double-platinum shipped , but in actual consumer end sales-BIG difference and absolutely unheard of for the debut effort of a new artist . He has also been subject to attempts at discrediting him as a man by being called `` non-threatening '' . Surely that well of astute observation came from a man . A fat , hairy , bald , tatooed , watches-way-too-much-Monster-House-and-Monster-Garage , I-lost one-teste-in-a-tragic-bike-accident-so-I-have-to-overcompensate for-the-subsequent-loss-of-my-manliness , man . Who the hell wants her boyfriend to be threatening ? Well , I guess someone has to , otherwise there would be no Lifetime TV for Women and Meredith Baxter Birney and Linda Carter would be out of work , and then where would we be ? That , and someone has to buy Kid Rock and Linkin Park 's CD 's . Seriously , why is such a bad thing to just be a nice guy ? Do I want a boyfriend like Clay ? Uh , yeah . What woman would n't ? He 's so cute I can barely stand it , he can sing like a riot , he comes off as sincere , sensitive and seems generally courteous -LRB- almost to his detriment in the face of all this nastiness directed towards him -RRB- . I think my favorite track is `` The Way '' , followed by the infectious `` Invisible '' , although I enjoy all the tracks , particulary the Paul McCartneyesque `` Wings '' era `` Shine '' . I really enjoy listening to this CD in its entirety , which is a rarity these days . The only problem is I ca n't just sit and listen to it , casually flipping through a magazine while lying on my bed . I find myself looking for the nearest thing resembling in a microphone and earnestly singing -LRB- horribly off-pitch , mind you -RRB- loudly along . I wo n't go into critiquing the production to death -LRB- except it is done very well , and even though Enrique Iglesias ' recent effort sounds eerily similar , his new CD apparently has an `` edgier '' sound-or maybe the critics are just playing nice with Enrique becasue he finally got that mole removed -RRB- like others have done , or to the merits of someone having such unbridled success without `` paying his dues '' . Who cares whether or not he toiled tirelessly for years being shuffled from label to label with no one `` discovering '' or `` appreciating '' him ? I believe Toby Keith and Shelby Lynn have that base well-covered . So as my friend aptly put it , I have officially been `` Clayverted '' and have enjoyed every minute of it . I look forward to hearing more from him , and hopefully very soon !
 OMG this is the best cd of all times ! the only cd in my 402 collection that i like all the songs ! anough saidI LOVE THIS CD !
 I bought MOAM as soon as it came out and I love it . It 's amazing that the disc is n't worn out already . When and if it does , I will just buy another one . lol :-RRB- Clay sings with such feeling and each song touches my soul . As for Jaan , I am really upset . If you do not like Clay , why are you giving a review of the album ? You have no idea what you are talking about . I agree with the others
 This CD is great . is still think he deserved to win . and it shows . if he has all of his albums like this there is no way he will ever be matched .
 Yeah we shop at Wal-Mart , Target and search for bargins when wecan . We shuttle kids to Soccer practice , Little League , Swimming , etc. . We grocery shop , cook , clean , do laundy and yardwork and welisten to Clay Aiken . It has been decades since Middle Class America has had a music Hero . We are not into Urban Music likerap , hip-hop , neo-soul , or crossover wannabes . We just do n't like it or the message it sends or the lanugage or the heavy sexual content or the violence or the lyrics we ca n't understandor the annoying unununnununun up and down whinney musical notes.we like real singers that stay on pitch and can honestly hold anote to its completion . Many of us have n't bought any new music in a very long time until now . Middle Class America is the backbone of the American Econcomy . We actually pay taxes , do n'task for handouts and spend our money which keeps the econcomy going . Without us there would be no economy . We do n't download music we actually go out and buy it . So for us Clay Aiken is anAll American Hero . A young man with a Tremendous Voice , Great Songs the whole family can listen to , Humble , Spiritual and Trueto Himself . All of his music is fantastic from Bridge Over Troubled Water - This Is The Night to Every cut on Measure of aMan . If you have n't bought Clay Aiken yet I strongly and Sincerely reccomend you do . It is up to us as Middle Class America to support a Hero for our taste in music so there will bemore of it in the future . Remember Record Companies only keeprecording Artists that make them money . No money = No Contract . Ihave given this CD MOAM to everybody on my Christmas list soPay-It-Forward and do the same for your friends and family .
 I have purchased this cd the first day it came out & I am listening to it for two months straight ! I ca n't get enough ofClay 's amazing voice & awesome songs ! I would highly recommendedthis cd for people who are looking for great music listening.It 's totally ADDICTING !
 First of all , let me say that MOAM is a marvelous piece of work . This is a great debut CD by a talented , upcoming artist.Second , I have to say the the reviewer from Amazon.com must be very confused.How can he/she compare Clay Aiken to the MANUFACTURED boy bands of 'N Sync and Backstreet Boys ?? There is NO comparison . Just because Mr. Aiken rose to fame because of American Idol does not diminish the fact that he can SING -- AND REALLY SING !! Also , apparently this biased reviewer has not been keeping upwith the news -LRB- Ruben 's debut album has not even been released yet -RRB- . And , although I am sure there are music buyers out there who will buy Mr. Studdard 's album , I just do n't think it will appeal to the masses the way MOAM has.To say that Clay Aiken invests little real emotion in his delivery and comes across more like a made-for-TV pop star isludicrous . Clay IS the REAL THING -- someone with a REAL VOICEthat does n't care to - or have to - resort to lip-syncing as many pop stars choose to do these days.So , do n't pay attention to Mr. / Ms. Uhelszki , who seems to be prejudiced regarding Mr. Aiken . If you want to hear a talented singer SING , then buy Measure of a Man . It 's got to be one of the best albums to come along in years . You 'll love it .
 I ca n't remember of any other CD in recent years that has had such a mushroom effect as this wonderful CD . It 's popularity just grows and grows . I can see why . I have listened to this CD for a month straight - I CA N'T STOP PLAYING IT !! What wonderful vocal ability!It is of no wonder to me why this CD continually registers in the top 10 best sellers here . It deserves it.If you want to hear wonderful , uplifting , fresh music , and generally just amazing singing , then buy Measure of a Man . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Wow ! There 's not much more to say than ... Wow ! I was a huge Clay fan through AI 2 and and after buying his Bridge Over Troubled Water/This Is The Night single , I just had to get his new CD . I waited patiently -LRB- not ! -RRB- for the release date and bought it on that very day . It was definitely worth the wait . This CD has a bunch of good songs sung with real talent . This album is awesome . Whether you 're six or sixty , you 'll definitely enjoy it ! Clay is my American Idol and after listening to this CD , I think he 'll be yours too !
 I bought this CD the day it was released and have n't stopped playing it since . You can really get into the songs afer listening to them several times . This is real toe-tapping , sing along , listener-friendly music . WHAT A VOICE !!! Buy this CD if you like to hear a singer who can really express himself . Good idea for Christmas gifts . I highly recommend it .
 After listening exclusively to Clay 's AI2 music since May , no one was more anxious for this album than I was . While I am a little bit older fan who is anxious to hear Clay sing and record `` classics '' , this album is superb ! There is not one single song on MOAM that I dislike , but it impossible to choose just one favorite . My title above will give away two of my favorites , and Invisible will always be among my favorites since I heard Clay perform it for the very first time at the St. Paul concert . Clay can send that song , and his fans , into orbit ! And I still listen to all Clay , all the time . That voice never ceases to thrill , amaze , and melt me . There 's something in the way ... wow .
 I have listened to a lot of cd 's and this one certainly ranks up there as one of the most enjoyable . What a pleasant surprise to listen to the whole cd , and not just a few of the songs . Each song is sung clearly and in perfect pitch . Regardless of how Clay was discovered it is an asset that he was . Just enjoy this for what it is a wonderful collection of original songs that are sung with feeling , passion , and emotion . Clay has an amazing gift to make you not just listen to his songs , but feel them
 If you liked Clay Aiken on American Idol , this CD is exactly what you 've been waiting for . There are 12 songs on the CD including Clay 's hit single `` This is the Night '' . My only disappoitment was the fact that they excluded `` Bridge Over Troubled Waters '' . Each song carries it 's own unique melody complimented by Clay 's wonderful voice . The lyrics are smooth and filled with emotion . If you 're looking for rock and roll , this is not the CD for you . If you are looking for a CD to put in during a candle light dinner to help you romance that special someone or just looking for a CD that you can sing along with in the car , you wo n't find any better than this .
 Clay Aiken has proven himself worthy of all the hype with this enjoyable first album . All the songs have a good hook and showcase his incredible voice . While I love the single INVISIBLE , I find I WILL CARRY YOU beautifully haunting . This is a winner !
 This has been the most anticipated album of the year for me ! I really enjoy the album . It really showcases his beautiful voice very well . The majority of the album is very ballady , but I love ballads ! Why have n't you bought this yet ???? ; D
 This is absolutely everything I have been waiting for ! It has ballads - pop songs - and to my pleasant surprise -- a bit of a rock edge to it . I am normally a heavy metal girl - and that is why my friends and family have a hard time understanding my Clay obsession - but he truly represents a man whose talent goes beyond what was presented on American Idol . Very Impressive Clayton !!
 Wow ! I knew this album was going to be great , I mean I really love Clay 's voice and would have bought whatever it was he put out there ... BUT This I did NOT expect ! It 's SO much better than ANYTHING out there ! Wow again ! I 'll just be listening to this over and over !
 Fabulous , Fabulous , oh and did I say Fabulous ? This CD is absolutely amazing . It has such powerful ballads as `` The Way '' and `` Perfect Day '' , edgy songs like `` Invisible '' and `` Touch '' -LRB- a rather sensual song -RRB- , and songs with so much emotion like `` No More Sad Songs '' and `` Run to Me '' . This is Clay Aiken at his best ; powerful vocals , driving instumentation , and emotional tenderness . A MUST buy for any fan of great talent !
 Clay Aiken 's first CD does not have one song I do n't love , which is an amazing thing to be able to say about any album . The track list above fails to mention `` Perfect Day , '' one among several personal favorites already . `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' are two standouts , sensual and powerful , as Clay 's voice soars and works its way into your soul . When I listened to `` Measure of a Man , '' my spontaneous tears took me completely by surprise . `` When You Say You Love Me '' is upbeat , danceable , and singable -- the kind of song you ca n't get out of your mind . AI watchers will be pleasantly surprised at Clay 's `` new sound . '' This first effort leaves me anxious for the next and the next . Bless Ruben and RCA for permitting Clay 's CD to be released NOW . I simply ca n't stop listening !
 It 's a so so album that is only disappointing because we have come to expect so much more of Clay.There are no songs the calibre of Solitare and Bridge , or even his rendition of Do n't Let the Sun Go Down On Me or Somewhere Out There or To Love Somebody as performed on AI2.What have the producers and songwriters done to him ? Can we have the old Clay back ? Time to bring out the real songwriters like Elton , Simon , Neil , Bee Gees and Barry.That said , I still enjoyed the album but only because of his tremendous talent and the fact that I am a die hard fan .
 This outstanding Bonus Track CD by the multi-talented CLAY AIKEN is the best and the greatest and the most enjoyable , exciting , and entertaining Bonus Track CD I have ever listened to , bought , and owned . I have been listening to it everyday on my CD player since when it arrived at amazon.com . Clay Aiken 's singing has so much emotion , passion , and power . No other American Idol contestant has ever come close to Clay Aiken 's talent and no other American Idol contestant ever will because Clay Aiken 's singing is so unique and is in a class by himself . Clay Aiken 's voice is so mesmerizing that it takes you to another place ; it is one-of-a-kind .
 This outstanding Bonus Tracks CD by the multi-talented CLAY AIKEN is the best and the greatest and the most enjoyable , exciting , and entertaining Bonus Tracks CD I have ever listened to , bought , and owned . I have been listening to it everyday on my CD player since when it arrived at amazon.com . Clay Aiken 's singing has so much emotion , passion , and power . No other American Idol contestant has ever come close to Clay Aiken 's talent and no other American Idol contestant ever will because Clay Aiken 's singing is so unique and is in a class by himself . Clay Aiken 's voice is so mesmerizing that it takes you to another place ; it is one-of-a-kind .
 Clay 's first album is FINALLY here and it was well worth the wait ! Aiken 's first album , Measure of a Man , refuses to disappoint any fan or new listener . His voice still makes your spine tingle and heart pump!Think Elton John , mixed with Paul McCartney , John Lennon and Sting ; this album is the breaking-point in Aiken 's music career . Songs like `` Invisible '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' provide the proof that Clay is here to stay !
 This cd was awesome , i love clay ... everything he does it just amazes me more and more . I would have loved to see more of the range that he possesses but its all good . I love you clay , keep on going strong !!!
 Wonderful CD , well worth the money . Nice to have an artist like Clay who is a good role-model for kids . And he is a great singer to boot !
 Clay Aiken soars on his debut album.Lyrically , the songs are sometimes poignant , always memorable . An overwhelmingly positive outlook on this album and a welcome relief from the typical `` Sex , Violence , and More Sex '' approach that dominates the pop scene.Vocally , Aiken is perfection . No overpowering backgrounds to chase away his sound ; the music seems to embrace him -LRB- unlike the Bridge Over Troubled Water incident -RRB- . Clay 's voice is just so ... pure here ; it 's impossible not to love.Of course , Clay could sing ` Old MacDonald ' and it would be impossible not to love ... A definite recommendation for this one . Aiken is brilliant ; the album is wonderful . Now we have to wait for the next one .
 This cd is so amazing i knew he would sound great in it ! ever song is wonderful !!!!! I was dissapointed though when i saw that Solitaire wasnt on the cd like they said it would be . but even w/out it its still great !
 Clay Aiken is a hometown hero because he stands for something . He knows who he is and will not back down from his beliefs . I like how he is not using sex to sell his CD 's . This is truly a CD for people who enjoy pop music , hey its for people who enjoy all kinds of music . I congratulate him on his first CD and hope it goes platinum .
 This Album is just great . . I had a chance to listem to it and let me tell you . I fell in loved it with . . Clay 's voice is just breathtaking . . I takes you in to his own world of music . . there are fast and slow songs . . Every song has a theme to it . . You are left with satisfaction and happiness . You you have a chance to purchase this CD you must do it . . It is money will spent . . Enjoy
 This CD is soooo wonderful . I ca n't believe Clay was n't discovered sooner . If you do n't own this CD , you NEED to buy it . I do n't know what I 'd listen to without Clay 's astounding voice ; nothing can compare to Aiken.Buy it ...
 I love this man ! His cd -LRB- Measure Of A Man -RRB- is like the best ! Its the only cd I bought last year ! I would rate this album more than 5 if I could ! Love his voice and everything about him ! Love You Clay !
 I 'm sorry , I do n't know what motivates some people to give this CD one star and berate true `` music '' lovers . I could go on and on -LRB- like some people -RRB- but I wo n't . Suffice it to say that Measure of a Man is GOOD . Clay soars !! His voice is one of the most pure and enigmatic I 've heard in a while . It is a fun and fantastic debut CD and we can only expect bigger and better things from Clay Aiken in the future . You 'll enjoy it .
 This cd has surpassed my expectations . I loved this man and his voice beyond American Idol and now as an RCA recording artist he has proven he got what it takes for superstardom ! He has great stage presence and all I can say is buy this cd it 's awesome . Congratulatons Clay you did n't disappoint your fans . Truly amazing piece of work ! Love it . Your devoted fan !
 How he did n't win , I 'll never know . The first time I heard him sing I was totally blown away . He has one of the best voices in music . It 's a voice that can give you chills . I was very excited for his first CD to come out & I was not disappointed . I love every song on this CD . I listen to it over & over . I ca n't wait for his next one !
 With over 2700 reviews , what can I say that 's different?Not Much ! Except to add , It 's not just `` younger '' people who are touched by Clay 's talent , I 'm in my mid-fifties , and ususally listen to Oldies . The very first time I listened to his album , I thought , `` I wasted my money , it 's too pop for me '' . Then I played it several more times through ... and I 've been playing it EVERY day since !!! Every song is a winner . As each song plays I think , `` That 's my favorite '' -LRB- till the next one plays -RRB- . Absolutely love the words and music to Measure of a Man . A rich , clean , clear voice that can reach those higher notes with ease.I ca n't wait for his next album ... I 'll be first in line !!
 what 's the point of Amazon printing that disgustingly negative review of one person named Jaan for an editorial review . it sounded so negative and revolting that it seems to me that you have sold enough of Mr. Aiken 's cd that you are surely printing something as negative as that . you are almost telling people that the cd is not worth buying at all and comparing Clay 's ability to others less talented just shows that you are one clueless and pathetic low life who is simply envious of Mr. Aiken 's success .
 I bought this CD the Tuesday it went on sale , but I waited until I had hear it many times before writing this review . I really enjoy all the songs and this is the only CD I own -LRB- and I own hundreds -RRB- that I want to listen to every song and I do n't skip any . Clay 's voice is truly wonderful and I really do like these songs . In fact , I like them more the more I hear them . I was really looking forward to this CD and it did not disappoint . I 'd give it 1000 stars if I could .
 Clay Aiken 's new CD is going to be a classic . And this is just the tip of the iceberg . Those of us who have heard his demo 's know what a wide range of songs he can sing - beautifully . Measure of A Man has brought music back into my life . There are very few offerings these days of enjoyable music.It is rare when you enjoy more than 2 or 3 songs on a CD . On this CD , I love every song .
 The thing that struck me the most was how meaningful and soul-piercing the lyrics were . This is not your usual fluffy `` love you baby '' stuff you hear on so many love songs . The words touched my heart on a personal level . WOW -- I bought this CD thinking it would be okay . After listening to it , I am BLOWN AWAY !
 Clay 's voice in the American Idol competition jsut blew me away -- and evidently lots of other people too . From his wonderful soulful rendition of Solataire to that extrordinary Bridge Over Trouble Waters -- he was amazing . So when MOAM came out , I thought it would probably be a good Cd to have but would sound like so many of other CDs today -- More music than voice with lyrics no one can hear much less understand . However , I found Clay 's new CD a great buy ! The CD is well done even if a little heavy on the music side -LRB- I really want to hear Clay 's voice -RRB- but the songs are well-written and do grow on you . Clay does a beautiful job with the lyrics . Good buy -- the MOAM CD will be great for your Christmas gift list.Isn ' t it great to have such a fine young man `` at the Top '' right now . Go Clay !
 Admittedly , this is my second review of Clay 's CD -- not that I think my opinion is that awesome or anything , but there 's just so much to say about it that I ca n't help myself . Bear with me?As we all probably know already , this CD just grows and grows and grows on you . Reviewers have said it time and again
 This is wonderful album . It 's quite a change from what we have been forced to listen on the radio !
 This album is the best thing that I have heard in a really long time . It is really refreshing to hear a guy sing about girls and it NOT be all about how sexy she is and how the sex with her is . Clay has maintained his Christian background , while still producing an album that will appeal to all types of people . All the songs have an amazing musical arrangement , and Clay 's voice is so powerful and consitent throughout all twelve tracks . I would recommend this cd to all music fans alike !
 Everyone expects his fans to write rave reviews ... we DO love him . I gave him 5 stars because he was a newbie to the industry and I am not even sure he got an entertainment attorney before he signed . He is very smart ... probably he did . That aside ... this CD makes me boogie in my chair , in my car , wherever I am that I hear him . While I do n't absolutley LOVE all cuts , I do n't skip them either . I am a female fan so , of course , I love `` The Way '' -LRB- wish some man would feel that way towards me -RRB- , but more importantly , he lays his soul out there for all to stomp on with `` MOAM '' . I consider that pretty brave , but if you listen carefully to all the words , you will KNOW ... end of this tribute to ClAY ... HOPE THAT YOU WILL AT LEAST GIVE THIS CD AT TRY ... RETURN IF YOU MUST -LRB- YOU CAN DO THAT -RRB- , BUT BE OBJECTIVE ... that is all that anyone asks ... kathy4clay ... not afraid to put this out there ...
 This is the first CD I 've owned that I love EVERY song and do not want to skip one track . Each song is a gift from Clay , and should become a classic . `` The Way '' is the perfect song for a bride and groom to dance at their wedding .
 Clay 's album is a very good CD to listen to.It is very relax full and enjoyable.Anybody who like Clay will like his album .
 This is the best CD I have ever listened to in some 20 years and Clay 's voice is just wonderful !! It 's refreshing to listen to a CD that is not full of `` sexual overtone and vulgar '' type lyrics . Clay Aiken certainly delivers on each and every song on the album . There is not one song on this CD that I skipped over . Billboard was right when they said that his CD is `` THE BEST POP ALBUM OF 2003 '' . The other critics who gave unfavorable reviews do n't know what they are talking about . The more you listen to the entire CD , the better it is and after just listening a few times , you easily pick up the words and can sing along -LRB- ca n't say that with some of the other `` stuff '' that is out there -RRB- ! I highly recommend that you buy this CD . I ca n't wait for other CD 's by Clay Aiken . Way to go RCA and Clay Aiken !
 I JUST RECEIVED CLAY 'S NEW CD AND COULD NOT WAIT TO OPEN IT TO HEAR IT FOR THE FIRST TIME . I THINK THIS CD IS EXCELLENT AND AM SURE THAT EACH NEW CD HE MAKES WILL BE EVEN BETTER ... . IT IS SO NICE TO LISTEN TO SONGS THAT YOU CAN ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND THE WORDS AND ARE NOT WORDS THAT HAVE TO BE CENSORED . CLAY IS TRULY TALENTED AND HAS A BEAUTIFUL VOICE !!! I THINK MY FAVORITE SONGS ON THE CD ARE `` THE WAY '' AND `` WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME '' ALTHOUGH ALL THE REST OF THE SONGS ARE GROWING ON ME FAST . I HOPE THAT CLAY JUST TAKES ANY NEGATIVE COMMENTS ABOUT HIS FIRST CD AND USES THEM TO HELP MAKE HIS NEXT CD EVEN BETTER JUST LIKE HE DID ON AMERICAN IDOL . CLAY , KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AND I LOOK FORWARD TO ENJOYING THIS CD AND ANY FUTURE CD 'S YOU RELEASE !!! I THINK YOU ARE PERSON WITH A LOT OF TRUE TALENT AND INTEGRITY ... . GOD WILL CONTINUE BLESS YOU !!!!! -- HAPPY BIRTHDAY NOVEMBER 30TH ...
 What a refreshing break from the majority of today 's popular music ! I also like the fact that women and girls of all ages are drawn to Clay . It 's a nice album by a nice kid . The songs are not phenomenal , but I 'm sure in time Clay will be able to choose better material to showcase his talent .
 Clay 's CD is a purchase I 'm glad I made . I , like many others , have been a Clay fan since the beginning of AI2 . I enjoyed hearing his voice . And very much anticipated the release of his 1st CD.My only reason for not giving it 5 stars was due to the fact that I felt they did n't allow Clay to `` Shine '' as many of us know he can.The CD gets 4 stars , but Clay gets 5 !!!
 Clay is allowed to deliver the music he likes to sing . What a treat to hear songs that appeal to those romantic nerves we all share . I agree with other reviewers who mention that his voice is pushed to the background unnecessarily . He should have been allowed to be `` upfront '' with his sound . After watching his performance on Jay Leno , it is obvious that he can compete with the best on a stage where his performance was allowed to be `` front and center '' . He oozes personality and confidence . This CD has a permanent place on my car stereo .
 I love this CD . I would recommend it to all . Clay has a crystal and beautiful voice . When you turn up the volume and listen ... You can feel , Clay puts his heart and soul in his singing to each and every song . That 's how a true singer should be !!!! Keep up the good work !!!!
 Clay Aiken came in second place in the American Idol contest -LRB- season 2 -RRB- He was defeated by Ruban Studdard who won by about 130,000 votes out of the millions votes cast . It could almost have been called a draw as it was so close . Both Ruban and Clay were given recording contracts . Ruban went the hip hop route -LRB- disappointing since he did so much R and B on the show -RRB- and Clay stayed true to the pop music . Clay does not disappoint on this album . He shows he has the pipes and his voice is quite expressive singing the songs . Some songs feel a bit over produced -LRB- Clay 's voice is good enough on it 's own . The over production is not needed -RRB- Also the album is a bit heavy on the ballads and sad songs . Two songs stand out as being upbeat Invisible -LRB- which was released as his first single -RRB- and Touch which has a latin flavor to it -LRB- love the song please make it your next single ! -RRB- I recently went to his concert -LRB- he is currently touring with Kelly Clarkson -RRB- and the songs sound so much better live than on the album . And it made me appreciate the songs so much more . I ca n't get enough of them now ! Do i wish that there was more variation in the songs ? yes i do . . but that still does not take away from the songs . . And the more you listen to the album , the more you like it . This is one of the few albums i am still listening to ! I can not wait for his next CD ! He is going to release his single The Way/solitare on 3/16 . I had the privilege to hear Solitare -LRB- The Way is on the Measure of a Man album -RRB- Oh what a treat . . Run and pick up the single . . it will not disappoint you ! Clay is just beginning . And this album is no fluke , There is a reason it is triple platinum ! Check it out yourself ! it truly is a treat in a day where there is nothing but trash out there to listen to
 It is not very often that I buy a CD and love every song on it - but this CD has no bad songs . My favorites are Measure of a Man , I Survived You and When You Say You Love Me . This guy can really sing and I look forward to great things in the future from him !
 While I did not really follow American Idol or any of that , I decided to give this CD a listen after hearing `` Invisible '' on the radio and seeing Clay 's video on TV . I was really surprised at the voice coming out of this young man ! His debut CD is very polished sounding . I really like the beat of `` Invisible '' , `` I Will Carry You '' is very positive song and I smile when I hear `` When You Say You Love Me '' . The rest of the CD is not groundbreaking , but still worth a listen because of Clay 's very smooth , powerful delivery . Thanks
 I loved the whole CD , but the song `` I Survived You , '' was absolutely breath taking . Everyone who has had a failed relationship can relate to this song . It 's definitely one to dedicate to all the `` ex 's . '' It 's a feel good song !
 I was a fan of the lengthy `` broadway singer '' since he first sang `` Open Arms '' in the beginning prelims . I wanted to buy his CD knowing that even if it was n't that great , I wanted to support him . This CD was backed up by some amazingly talented song writers . I could n't stop playing it in my car . It was a well produced album , and proved to me that CLAY has staying power .
 I 'm not a fan of pop music particularly but I bought the CD because of Aiken 's voice and personality . The highest compliment I can pay is that after repeated listenings , I still enjoy it . My biggest complaint is that I think the CD 's over-produced -LRB- I like the live bootleg version of `` Invisible '' better than the CD , e.g. -RRB- But , overall , it 's catchy and fun and I find myself humming a lot of the tunes through the day . I do n't understand why it 's not getting more radio play . My favorite track is `` Touch . '' Clay sounds like a G-version George Michael . Ooh baby !
 I really love this CD . I 've listened to it many times . It 's always the bright spot in my day when I hear it . Clay Aiken has a fabulous voice and the songs are really enjoyable . I 'd recommend this CD to everyone .
 A friend of mine who LOVES Clay Aiken gave this to me as a Christmas gift ! My goodness , I can so see why she loves him so !!! I love this cd so much , I am so happy , this is the best present !!! Thank you my friend !!!
 WOW ! Thank you for this wonderful cd ! I truly enjoy listening to Measure Of A Man so much !!! Excellent cd , looking forward to Solitaire coming out with The Way in late January !!! A +
 I gave this CD 5 stars because it is a good start . Clay Aiken has an amazing voice and he does a great job on this cd , but I think he could have done an even better job . He has an amazing range and the tracks on this cd did not take full advantage of it . The music is a little slow and mellow for me -LRB- a teenager -RRB- and seems more suited to the easy-listening type . I would still recommend this cd to everyone though .
 WOW !!! What a fabulous first cd for Clay ! What a voice , all the songs are great , it took me a few listens to get a feel for them , but now , I love them . I listen to this CD everyday , it 's really great . If you have n't bought it yet , please go buy it , you wo n't regret it !!
 Brilliant , Spectacular , a Masterpiece ! Only a few words to describe Clay Aiken 's cd Measure of a Man . I am a HUGE clay fan but do n't take this review the wrong way . I 'm being totally honest with this review . I do n't want just put a good word in for Clay , but let all u music fans know what a great experiance it is to listen to this cd.First time i listened to this cd on the way home from where it was purchased -LRB- walmart -RRB- the first song came on . Invisible . This tune is upbeat and a lot of fun to sing along to . Clay demostrates great range in all his songs including this one . When i heard `` The Way '' for the first time i could n't help but say , oh my gosh , throughout the song . The lyrics to these songs are exceptually well put in every song especailly `` The Way '' . I love all the songs pretty much the same instead of Measure of a Man . This song is the best written and sung song i 've heard in a long time . To be completely honest there are no words to describe this song ... its BEYHOND words!I know anyone who purchased this cd will find a song they will not stop listening to , -LRB- yeah even u ruben fans -RRB- I hope u Ruben fans wo n't get offened by this review , but i honsetly think clay will have better sales than the `` American Idol '' . But u never know . GO OUT AND GET MEASURE OF A MAN . IT WILL BE THE BEST THING YOU 'VE DONE FOR YOURSELF IN A LONG TIME ! -LRB- i wish i had more space to write because if i did i would go into more detail ... sorry -RRB- Laura Anthony
 CLAY AIKEN HAS GOT TO BE THE NEW `` KING OF POP . '' HIS VOICE IS AMAZING & HIS CD `` MEASURE OF A MAN '' IS AWESOME ! HE IS THE BEST THING TO HAPPEN TO THE MUSIC INDUSTRY ! THERE IS SUCH `` GARBAGE MUSIC '' OUT THERE TODAY . HE IS A REFRESHING CHANGE TO LISTEN TO !
 clay 's cd gives you chills each time you play it , I never get tired of playing it . He has a gift and I am glad that someones giving him the change to show the world what a gifted artist he is . . Ilove the songs I ca n't pick a my favrite one . But i would have to say -LCB- I WILL CARRIE YOU -RSB- That has strong meaning to it . and strong words that it is like you are there in the song . It is like his voice is a angle 's wisper . I just love clay . . he is wonderful he is careing he is loving . The person he is shows through his music '' I guess that is why I love him . and his music ...
 It 's difficult to understand why so many critics and others on Amazon.com have resorted to name calling , profanity , and vulgarities to describe Mr. Aiken and his fans . Too bad the majority did n't bother to listen to his wonderful CD.It 's rare that a debut CD is so enjoyable . I can actually listen to each of the 12 songs more than once . Each time I play the CD , I never have to skip a song . I do n't always play the songs in the same order , but I listen to all of them.Please open your minds and your hearts and give Mr. Aiken a chance . This is a CD that anyone of any age can enjoy . He has a beautiful voice , and deserves the same opportunity that you have given any other recording artist.Clay Aiken will not not disappoint you .
 I did not watch the beginning of AI2 , but happened to see Clay singing while changing stations and was hooked from then on . He has a voice like none other and can really give you chills . The more I listen to his CD the better it gets . Every song stands alone and could very well be singles . Do hope , though , his next one includes Solitaire and perhaps Sam Cooke 's `` You Send Me '' . Glad Clay came along to give us something besides the no voice junk that is out there . GO CLAY .
 Clay 's CD , Measure of a Man , has grown on me with each listening . The more I hear Clay 's unique musical style in the songs , the more I like them.Unfortunately , many of the songs are mid-tempo , predictable pop and the production is so heavy that it hardly allows Clay 's voice to shine through . In an attempt to make the CD more `` modern '' the producers have obscured the voice that many American Idol viewers fell in love with . In those songs Clay 's voice is so homogenized , he could be any one of many pop singers.Some of the songs stand out because they are not the bland , mid-tempo songs found on most of this CD . They include the up-tempo `` Invisible '' and the sensual `` Touch . '' `` The Way '' and `` When You Say You Love Me , '' as well as the title track showcase Clay 's amazing voice better than any other songs on the CD.I hope that on Clay 's next CD he will try to ensure that his gorgeous vocals are not covered up , but highlighted , as they should be . I also hope that there will be a wider variety of songs and styles.Clay Aiken has a great voice and I hope he will be entertaining us with his singing for years to come .
 Measure Of A Man lives up to my expectations and more . I ca n't remember ever buying a record where I loved every track . It is hard to pick a favorite as each time I listen something new in each song becomes my favorite . I have recommended this CD not only to family members and co-workers but to anyone who will listen to me.Bravo Clay !!
 Every song on this cd seems better than the last . It is impossible to choose a favorite . If your ' e a Clay fan or not , you will love this CD ! I know I have n't listened to anything else in a week , and probably wo n't for awhile .
 I purchased Clay 's cd at 12:01 a.m. on October 14 , 2003 ... I was actually waiting for the worker to put it up in it 's slot at # 1 ... I have n't listened to my car radio since October 14 ... I listen to Clays 's CD over and over ... What a beautiful collection of songs by this young man ... I check amazon . com every morning to see where his CD is ranked and i am upset that is fell to # 2 ... . Come on Clay fans go to the store and buy Clay 's CD ... Shucks . . buy more than 1 . . I 'm purchasing 4 more to give to my 4 sisters for Christmas ... I am also anxiously waiting for Clay 's solo tour . . You can bet i will go ... My favorite song is The Way . . but i love the whole CD . . What a pleasure to listen to while i am driving . . I see this CD going DOUBLE PLATINUM if it has n't already ... . A 50 year old Clay Aiken fan ... FOREVER
 I never watched American Idol and I rarely listen to pop music , but I clicked on this CD one day and listened to the clips just to see what all the fuss was about . I liked what I heard , bought it , and I have played it every day since then . There 's just something about it , there 's not a bad track on there . Is it the most well-crafted , lyrically sophisticated CD made this year ? No , but it is entertaining , catchy , and let 's face it , Clay 's voice could make the phone book sound good . There is n't anything that is going to appeal to everyone . If you like what you hear from the clips , you 're going to like the whole CD .
 After listenting to this CD since 10/14/03 numerous times daily -- I enjoy each song every time I listen to the CD . `` The Way '' `` Run to Me '' `` Shine '' `` Touch '' are my front runners right now but I enjoy all the songs . Why is Clay so intesting -- his eyes , his mouth and his incredible voice !! Can the guy sing-YES ! I saw Clay in concert during the AI tour -- he has that quality that comes out and WOWS the crowd and holds you thru each and every performance and he has done the same with his first CD ! I will continue buying his music because of his wonderful qualities !!! You go CLAY ! And if you have not heard him sing `` Noel '' on the Holiday CD you are missing probably the best verison of the song I have ever heard !!! Makes you want to stand up and shout to the heavens!Clay measures up in every way as a true entertainer in every way possible !
 Okay , my review is that I truly enjoyed this album and I think it beautifully showcases this beautiful talent that we have been allowed to discover . That being said , to the person from `` the real world '' and to all others who seem to come here and give one star reviews trashing the album , did you even buy the CD ? Or are you simply people who ca n't stand to see Clay experience success so you are purposely trying to derail the success?Seriously , with reviews as bad as the one I saw written on November 20th by a fan from `` the real world '' , I seriously doubt this person even bought the CD or even listened to the samples here . I was under the impression that you could review if you had only done one of those two things . Apparently not and apparently people have nothing better to do than trash a wonderful man . Hmmmmmmmmm .
 I completely agree with reviewer `` Outraged '' regarding the horrible review given by Jaan and Amazon.com . I am a regular customer of Amazon with an order pending to be released mid-December . Unless there is an apology from Jaan and Amazon.com to all of us who enjoy Clay 's music and have chosen to buy it from Amazon.com , I will be canceling my order . I can get what I ordered anywhere , but , I chose Amazon.com and I can also unchoose Amazon.com.So , to quote -LRB- hope you do n't mind -RRB- Outraged
 Each song on this CD could easily stand alone as a single . Particularly good our `` The Way '' and the title song `` Measure Of A Man '' . For something with a little more edge you will enjoy `` Invisible '' and `` Touch '' although I also recommend `` I Will Carry You '' `` Run To Me '' and `` I Survived You '' . Grab your date , put a log on the fire , relax and enjoy an incredible voice from a man destined to revolutionize the music industry .
 Finally , something I 'm not ashamed to let my kids listen to . And this is something that they like to sing to . Thank you Clay . We watched American Idol and watched as Clay made one great performance after another . Know matter what anyone says , his voice alone will out perform most of the POP singers today . I was concerned about his new cd though , when his single `` This is the night '' came out . It was `` ok '' . But I was very pleased when `` Measure of a Man '' came out.You know when my son wants me to burn a cd for him and I cant find anything without crude language and comments that I dont want him to listen to , then this is a refreshing singer . Clay is a very talented singer , and I 'm sure he will hear good and bad about his singing . But when it comes right down to it , its CLEAN , and not something you have to worry about when it comes to your kids turning up the music in the house ! And that is a change that I will gladly make.SAY WHAT YOU WILL AMAZON , BUT WHY DONT YOU MAKE YOUR COMMENTS ABOUT SOMEONE WHO IS TRYING TO PASS OFF JUNK AND CALL IT MUSIC ! INSTEAD OF SOMEONE WHO IS SELLING ALBUMS AND MAKING YOUR BUSINESS A LITTLE MORE FRUITFUL !!
 Clay 's natural talent and passion shine through on his debut CD . His voice is effortless , and it 's only going to get better from here . I highly reccommend this CD because Clay has REAL talent , unlike so many pop stars nowadays.While some critics dismissed his CD as `` vanilla '' , I believe that they did n't take the time to really give it a fair shot . They said , `` This kid won a talent competition -- there 's nothing to look at here '' . But they are wrong.Clay has had no formal vocal training , save what he picked up during American Idol and school choir . His beautiful voice alone is worth the price of the CD ... But then there 's the lyrics to the song . `` Sappy '' and `` too sweet '' , the critics mock . But what 's wrong with songs that talk about TRUE love , that selfless , sacrificing verb that motivates us to look beyond ourselves and focus on someone else ? Or the heartache of breaking up and the determination to start anew ? I do n't think you need to curse or be explicit to eloquently speak about these topics . Cursing is a crutch for those with limited vocabulary !! ; - -RRB- I , for one , think it 's refreshing to see a nice guy finish first . A guy with more courage than most young men his age , a giving heart , and a simple , earnest disposition . And oh yeah -- this guy has talent.Buy the CD , because you wo n't be disappointed !
 I absolutely loved this CD and i think everyone in america should own a copy -LRB- or maybe 2 -RRB- ! Me and my friends have been behind clay since the beginning -LRB- well almost the beginning -RRB- and were so excited when he got back on in the wild card show . I was so excited when this CD came out . I love every song on this CD and listen to it 24/7 -LRB- more like 25/8 -RRB- ! This is by far the best CD i 've bought in years . It was worth every penny . I cant wait for clays next CD ! People of all ages can enjoy clay 's music . Some of my favorites are Invisible , I will carry you , the way , when you say you love me , no more sad songs , run to me , shine , i survived you , this is the night , perfect day , measure of a man , and touch . Oh wait , thats all of them . I guess that 's just one more reason to buy this CD . Oh and one more thing . Do n't get me wrong , Rubens a great singer , but CLAY IS # 1 !!! ... GO CLAY !!
 I fell in love with him when he first auditioned on American Idol 2 . I was praying for him the whole way through and was disappointed when he lost to Ruben . But his sales prove that he should have been the American Idol . I bought his CD the second day it came out , I had been waiting for it for so long and I was not disappointed at all . He sounds wonderful and it feels as if he 's singing only to you . If you have a good ear and know good music when you hear it , this CD is for you !! There are n't many good singers left so I 'm thankful he 's blessed with this gift .
 I bought this CD the day it came out and I do n't know how many times I have listened to it ! I have since picked up extra 's for family which is the first time I have ever done that . This CD is wonderful and worth every penny I ca n't wait for his next one !
 I just bought the album , only listened to it once and feel like I 've know the songs all along ! It is such a soothing , comfortable album with the familiar sounds of Backstreet Boys & nSync all rolled into one . Wonderful to listen to in the car . What an excellent accomplishment !
 This CD is the best CD released by an American Idol performer . It is one of the few CDs that I have bought and enjoyed every song on the CD . There is not one song I skip over . It 's definitely worth buying !!
 Ok , I have listened to my cd for about a month and I listen to it everyday even while I am sitting here typing . I think he has a great voice I am not comparing him to anyone at least of all not to Ruben they are two totally different people with two types of music . I wish them both well , but after almost two months , I still listen to Clay while I have listened to Ruben twice and hated some of the music with lyrics that suck , soo my money will stay with Clay all the way from now on . -LRB- Both of them can only get better . -RRB- Clay has done soo many nice things he has set up a foundation for sick children he has gone to visit children who are sick . I think that is a true person giving back what god gave him . He is a special gift in my eyes who has helped soo many people , Awesome !!!!!!! Now , for Clay singing broadway yeah he can but look he sang pop and look how many people bought his albumn . Just makes him a better person who can go down many roads and still come out on top.Yeah , most people make fun or shy away from something they do n't understand or are too pure to be true . He is true and real !!! That what makes him the only one .
 I gave this CD five stars because of Clays incredible voice . I will concede the fact that the production and the song choices could have been better . Nevertheless , Clays voice is so AMAZING that any shortfalls in the production and material is easily offset with Clays musical prowess . There are however , some excellent songs on this CD , such as The Way , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man and Shine.DONT LISTEN TO THE CLAY HATERS THAT COME HERE ON AMAZON AND GIVE THIS CD ONLY ONE STAR ! Those people are just haters of good music and they are trying to persuade you not to buy this CD . Also , granted some of the five star reviews may be from `` Claymates '' but that does not negate the fact that this CD is really good.BUY THIS CD ! It is entertaining and fun . Is n't that why we all buy CD 's , to be entertained ?
 I 'm so sick of hip-hop rap crap ! The music industry shoves this crap down our throats ! This is more in tune with the hits of the 80 's ! Yes , my generation ... Every song hits me somehow . `` I survived You , '' it 's okay clay if you ca n't identify with the song you sing , BE THANKFUL ... but many of us have lived every word and survived . This song takes you back through it all again , so get ready!It is my hope that everyone can see past the fact that you are , well let 's face it , a GEEK ! But it works for you him . This CD does too .
 EVERY SONG IS AMAZING ! CLAY AIKEN HAS SUCH AN AWESOME VOICE . I LOVE EACH & EVERY SONG ON THIS CD . I 'VE LISTENED TO IT OVER & OVER AGAIN . I CA N'T GET ENOUGH OF CLAY . I 'LL BE LOOKING FORWARD TO HIS FUTURE CD 'S . CLAY YOUR MY AMERICAN IDOL . IN MY OPINION YOUR THE BEST . I LOVE YOU ...
 I have had this CD almost two weeks . I am still listening to it everyday at least three times ! It 's the best money I have ever spent . There is not a bad song on this album . My Favorites are `` When you say you love me , Measure of a man , Touch , & Run to me . Actually I love them all , I ca n't wait for his next album to come out !
 I must say that I loved Clay from his audition forward . I knew he 'd be the one to make it even though he was n't the `` actual '' winner of the contest.Clay has a heart of gold and to agree with one of the other reviewers , it does feel like he 's singing to only you and that his feelings and emotions that come through are genuine.I bought two cd 's and one is in my car and the other I have at work . I listen to the whole cd because all the songs are great and it 's hard to choose a favorite.Give Clay a chance and listen to him . He is the true American Idol .
 I Love this cd . I think the vocals are outstanding . . I 've seen clay sing 3 of his songs from this album on tv . Some of the singing in the background may be confusing to some if you havent seen how the vocalizing is done.the back ground singers are great . Also on some on some of the songs clay is doing background vocals as well . I think Clay does a great job on this cd . Many of us who watched Clay on America Idol seen him get better and better each week . So he was not crowned the winner on the show ... . he is the winner in the hearts of millions of us who fell in love with that amazing voice of his . Forget about the show ... winning titles do not make you a star . . TALENT DOES !!! Clay will be performing on the AMA show on ABC Nov16 . Kelly Clarkson is going to be a presenter . I 'm not going to miss it ... . I have never watched the AMA music awards show but this year I will . . Clay is up for an award . . ... By the way . . I 'm 65 year old and a grandma , I have 4 beautiful grandchildren ranging from 7 to 19 and very proud of them all . Clay has fans of all ages.I remember when music did not have ratings . I remember Frank , Dean , Neil S. , Smokey , Neil Diamond , Diana Ross , Aretha , BeeGees , Barry M. , Johnny M.The Mills Brothers , The Statler Brothers and all the other singers who gave us great music . . Good clean music . . Well that was my stroll down memory lane.Hope you did n't mind . I love this cd.Hope you like it as much as I do .
 What great listening ! This CD was well worth the wait . I just hope we do n't have to wait too long for the next one . Clay has a powerful voice that is perfectly showcased by each and every song on the CD . I love it .
 Clay Aiken , hes everywhere , the voice of an angel , MOAM is the best album I have heard in a very long time . Power ballads , moving lyrics and to top it off the honey tenor voice of an angel . Thank you clay aiken for standing by your beliefs and giving your fans what they need and love . Good Music
 Go buy this CD right now !!!!! It is the best I have ever heard in my life ! I have loved Clay since the audition ! He is the most talented person in the world ! This a CD that melts your heart and will blow you away ! If you buy this CD , I promise you will love it ! His songs will make you rabid and obsessed like me !
 i am not a teenager - i am a married 32 year old woman . i rooted for clay the whole season . some people have `` it '' and i knew he did the second i heard him sing . i went to the american idol concert and have been eagerly awaiting his cd release . just for the record-no pun intended-i bought one cd . i read the review that said the only reason clays cd sales were so high was because clays fans were buying multiple cds . i found clays cd to be very good and in good taste-but not saccarine . i listen to music to unwind , to relax , to feel better . clays cd did all that . as a woman , i find a lot of the music out there to be very ugly and demeaning to women-and i do not find that to be good entertainment.clays cd was refreshing . yes-it is ballads-but guess what ? a lot of people like ballads , and some artists have been very sucessful with ballads as their primary musical style.i found clays cd to have only two miniscule flaws . 1-on a few tracks , the instrumentals were too loud . and 2-on a personal level - i really wanted him to sing unchained melody .
 There is something very , very special about Clay . I get chills when I listen to him sing . I ca n't remember the last time anyone 's voice made me feel like that . I just ca n't get enough of him . This cd is outstanding ! I love all the songs . I especially like `` I Survived You '' . I find it hard to get through the cd as I keep replaying each song . I do wish they would have put `` Solitaire '' on this cd , but maybe the next one . I 'd also love to see Neil Sedaka write and produce the next one . Clay , you 're awesome , the cd is awesome ! We love you !!!
 When I first listened to Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken , my first thought was `` this CD did not show the full range of Clay '' , however , after listening to it time/time again , I have decided that it is a wonderful CD . The songs are beautiful and he sings each one with true emotion . My one regret , I think there should have been more of a variety of songs and I was expecting -LRB- and looking forward -RRB- to hear Solitaire on this CD . All in all , I love the CD .
 I love Clay 's album . It is worth the wait . Am so happy to be able to hear that beautiful voice on an album all by himself .
 These songs are my favorites on Clay 's album.Maybe you agree!Not in any favorite in any order .1 . Invisible2 . This is the Night3 . Perfect Day4 . Measure of a Man5 . TouchTouch would do very well on the radio today.Touch has a great upbeat tempo on it that would fit today 's music .
 You know who we are , the Baby Boomer generation . For you young people who do not know what this means , it 's the generation born right after World War II . Baby Boomers are about the age of President Bush and President Clinton . We danced to `` Unchained Melody and `` Downtown , '' and we listened to songs like `` Mack the Knife '' and `` Solataire . '' Getting back to Clay 's CD . I was also disappointed the first time I listened to the album . I asked myself , `` Where is `` Unchained Melody '' and ` Solitaire ? ' '' two of my favorites from the competition . I said , `` Except for `` This Is The Night , '' I do n't recognize any of these songs . '' Then I decided I had to listen to it again without any interruptions . I did this and what a difference ! I liked the lyrics and the upbeat tempo to some of the songs . My husband of 34 years gets a quirky grin on his face and we find ourselves dancing to these songs . So , Baby Boomers , give Clay 's album another chance . Clay fought very hard against a lot of criticism from the music industry to produce an album that 13 year olds , their mother , grandmother , and great grandmothers can listen to without feeling uncomfortable because of profanity or sexual innuendoes . Again , give it another chance . Who knows you may be dancing to it with your husband or wife of 34 years . Late at night , when my world is at peace , I find myself listening to this album over and over again without interruptions . And , for those of you who are still not convinced , this album is worth it just for the new musical arrangement of `` This Is The Night . '' They did n't overproduce Clay 's amazing voice on this one .
 I think this is a great first album . Clay 's voice is beautiful and he shows that he can sing just about any type of music . I think some people are expecting too much out of a first album in which he did n't have a lot of creative input in the song selection . Because of the American Idol stigma , some people are being too hard on him . I enjoy all of the songs and find them to be just what I expected , a pleasant pop album . With such a wide range of viewers from American Idol , it would be impossible for him to record an album that everyone loves .
 I 've had the CD for 24 hours and know almost every word on it . The music is great . Love the tempos and the passion . It was well worth the wait . Thanks Clay !
 I could n't wait to hear this CD and can honestly say I 'm not disappointed . I have n't bought CDs in years because I had found there were only 1 or 2 songs worth listening to ... but every song on this CD is a winner ! Clay has nailed each performance . Truly a professionally presented collection of pure emotion . Many thanks to RCA !!!!
 The album as a whole is very main stream and not exactly what I had hoped for . I think the suits behind Clay are determined to keep Clay far from the Money Notes -LRB- long drawn out notes we 've all come to love in his live performances -RRB- . While the Claymates might have to patiently wait for the Clay we all really , really want , this album will help him gain mass appeal from a whole new audience . This will give him credibility with many markets and will hopefully widen and strengthen his fan base so he can be around for a long , long time!The male Celine Dion has n't exactly arrived , as we had all hoped and prayed for . But its easy to say that its in there and just waiting to come out . Ca n't wait to hear these songs live where I know he 'll really stretch out those high notes and give us all what we really want . Maybe his energy/persona just ca n't be fully appreciated on an album . -LRB- Kind of like Garth Brooks in that way ... his energy/persona is a huge part of his appeal . -RRB- 1 . Invisible
 I thought it was great ... I actually liked every song track on it ... What a great person & a wonderful voice ... Looking forward to his next Cd ... Finally a Cd where I can understand the words & one that I can listen to around anyone !! RLK
 Well , I really did not know exactly what to expect from this CD , but , being that I am a Clay Aiken fan I had to have one . Not to mention the one that I have bought here at Amazon.com . . I played the CD and then played it again . And I have to say that I am happy with all the tracks on it . As a matter of fact I am having trouble deciding which one I like best . I did decide however that I would like to give this CD to a few friends of mine for Christmas gifts , so it was back to the store for me . I think that this is probably the best value for my music money spent in a long time . I thank you for the opportunity to express my opinion and review this CD . I hope all that purchase Measure Of A Man will enjoy it as much as I am .
 Clay Aiken brings us something America has needed for so long - an artist with an amazing voice whose words can be understood !! Finally !!! Clay has it all . The songs are wonderful and get better the more they are listened to . The melodies are actually melodic , for a change and suitable for all ages . If you like the `` Noise '' of hip hop , rap or marginal music at best , skip this CD . For the rest of us who have wanted real music for years , Buy it , buy several copies and give them as gifts . Thank you Clay !!!
 I am a 44 yr old mother and grandmother and no one has made me melt like this since Donny Osmond ! This CD is awesome ! I do n't care what all the so-called critics say , this is the music we have been waiting for . Clay has the voice of an angel and the persona of a true Idol . My favorite track is The Way but I love them all . This kid 's gon na go places ! Congrats Clay !
 I just listened to Clay Aiken 's new CD and I 'm totally in love with it ! He has done an awesome job with every song , and I 'm very happy that he has made so much success since the end of American Idol.My favorite songs on the CD are No More Sad Songs and Perfect Day . Both are wonderful . Perfect Day is a more uptempo song and Clay 's voice is fantastic on it.I 'm excited for Clay and his new CD is another reason to smile . I hope his career is long and successful -- I know I 'll keep buying his songs as long as Clay continues to sing them .
 What can I say about this amazing guy ? He just never stops amazing me . It seems with each song he sings ... each interview he gives ... he just gets better and better . Measure Of A Man is a perfect example of this . Whether it 's upbeat cuts like `` Invisible '' or `` Touch '' or wonderful , touching songs like `` Run To Me '' , `` The Way '' , or `` I Will Carry You '' ... it 's clear Clay has the voice , talent , and personality to be the next big thing on the music scene . Although never having met Clay , I am so proud of all that he 's already accomplished -LRB- You go , Clay !! -RRB- ... and look forward to seeing his star shine on , and on .
 Wow , Clay 's new Cd is even better than I thought it would be!He is my favorite new artist and his amazing voice touches my soul . Every song on this CD is good . Great job , Clay !
 This album is a must have for everyone , even you Ruben loving Clay hating fans !! Although this album along with his first single lack that same emotion that was put forth durring the American Idol series , his voice is truly amazing , and I still concider him the male Celine Deon . Every single song on this album is worth putting on repeat . The standout songs are , `` Invisible '' , `` The Way '' , `` When you say you love Me '' , `` I survived you '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , `` Touch '' and of course the hit single `` This is the Night '' ... . Enjoy the Album , its a great one ! Clay keep it up , your an inspiration ! I cant wait to see how fast your album reaches platinum !
 As a single mother of an 11 year old who is growing up way too fast , I am thrilled that he is a fan of Clay Aiken . This is an album that I can share with my family and not have to worry about explaining or editing anything . Clay is what the music industry has been waiting for ! Fantastic debut album ! He stays true to who he is and what he believes in ... which makes this album all the better ! 5 STARS !!!!
 I have anticipated the release of this cd since I first heard Clay sing . Even though I had extremely high expectations , Clay surpassed them ! He has amazing talent and he is honestly in a class of his own . Every song is wonderful , but especially `` I Will Carry You '' `` Run to Me '' and `` Measure of a Man '' I STRONGLY recommend this cd to any true music lover . It 's UNBELIEVABLE !!!
 Buy It !!! ... He 's such a great singer he is my American Idol !!! you will not be disappointed .
 Clay 's voice is amazing , as usual . The CD contains `` radio-friendly '' songs , as well as ballads that AI fans will expect -LRB- a tough balance to achieve -RRB- . It is nearly impossible to please everyone , without alienating someone , but this CD comes about as close as any I have ever heard . It is a great CD and I would recommend it to anyone . I look forward to many more Clay Aiken CDs in the future .
 I have been anticipating Clay 's album for months , pacifying myself first with listening to Invisible on Clay 's website . After all of the anticipation , the album could have been anticlimactic ... but it was n't ! As a friend of mine put it today , I 'm so in love with this album!My favorites are Invisible , The Way and Measure of a Man . Invisible gets me dancing , The Way gets me dreamily thinking about my husband and Measure of a Man sends me on a mental journey through the 6 years I 've been with my husband.Overall , the album reminds me of my favorite performers growing up on the 80 's / early 90 's , such as Nelson and the many `` hair bands '' of the time . I also have to agree with a critic that Clay brings back the musical style of Dennis DeYoung/Styx . It 's like a compilation CD of the styles I love , but performed by one amazingly talented singer.With any luck , Clay is the start of a music revolution to bring the fun and innocence of 80 's popular music back to the forefront of the industry .
 As a fan of all types of music , from Pat Boone to Elvis , the Beatles , Aerosmith , Madonna & George Strait , I am proud to share Clay 's music with my ten grandchildren . I ca n't say that about alot of the music of today . -LRB- This from someone who grew up in the 60 's ! -RRB- Not too many people know that Clay can also sing country and has recorded beautiful Christian music . This young man can sing ! This album is fanstastic and I feel sorry for those critics who do n't understand that music fans , of all ages , are tired of hip-hop , gangsta , and `` artists '' who must sell their music with sex . Millions of fans ca n't be that wrong .
 It 's rare for me to buy a CD and like every single track , but it happened with this one . So much of what is on radio today seems offensive , or just not pleasing to the ear . Clay Aiken 's debut effort is a refreshing change from all that . I think the CD does a very good job of showing us Clay 's range as an artist . He does not just sing the notes , he feels the music , and the listener ca n't help but be caught up in it as well . Clay 's voice is truly a gift .
 I just went out and bought `` Measure of a Man '' yesterday . I highly recommend it to anyone who can appreciate a good ballad or an amazing voice . All of the songs have great melodies . Clay Aiken 's voice is practically flawless . There is a good variety of different sounding music on it too . The album does have some downfalls though . For one , all of the songs are constructed more or less the same way -LRB- verse , chorus , verse , chorus , bridge , chorus -RRB- . That makes for a boring pop sound . All of the songs are also kind of mushy love songs . The album could use a little more variety in that respect . But , I 'd have to admit , this is what I expected from his first CD . The record company played it VERY safe with Clay 's album . They did what had been done before . RCA seems to be more comfortable with the trendy sound rather than a new more interesting approach . I expect as time goes on and they let Clay have a bit more freedom with the production of the album , things will start to get much more interesting . I gave this CD a four because it is great , but more could have been done to take the album out of the pop comfort zone and turn it into a work of art by a truly talented artist .
 After just listening to a few clips of this CD on the internet made me want this one . Now after hearing the entire CD , I am soooo glad to have one !!!! Clay 's voice is truly remarkable , the lyrics great , and the music is beautiful . I recommend this highly , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I love this cd ! I 'm really looking forward to seeing Clay become an even bigger star . This cd is a must have . Each track is just wonderful . Get it .
 I had anxiously anticipated this CD , particularly after seeing Clay perform `` Invisible '' during the American Idol tour . I was pleased that this is original material , which will distance Clay from the songs he was required to sing as a contestant onAmerican Idol . As a music lover who often purchases greatest hits collections because there is so much marginal filler on many CDs , I was extremely pleased with the variety and quality of the songs on `` Measure of a Man '' . Thanks Clay !
 Just fantastic ! You wo n't be disapointed ! The `` true '' winner of AI2 shines !! There is n't a bad song on the album ! I could n't pick a favorite ! What are you waiting for ?? GO GET IT !
 This is a revolutionary cd . Pop music is changing and this is the beginning . Clay Aiken has produced a cd of 12 songs of which are each uniquely different in tempo and style thus showcasing his broad vocal range . The title track is poignant and well worth the purchase alone but we are rewarded with The Way & Touch . The Way is soon to be a love song for all ages and Touch is an upbeat tune with a hint of rock . In my opinion this is a must buy for the pop & adult contemporary listeners .
 This CD is an excellent first effort from American Idol runner up Clay Aiken . Tracks included `` Invisible '' , the up-beat dance track and second single off of the album , `` No more Sad Songs '' an angsty rock-infused track , and `` This is the Night '' . Producers have managed to help Clay lose some of that Broadway sound that he took such abuse from Simon Cowell for , and the new sound is enough to turn a grown woman into a fangirl ! It 's definitely something that every household should own , and I highly recomment it to anyone who likes pop/dance/easy listening music .
 This CD truly is a work of art . Such an amazing young artist . And what a voice . The CD truly does showcase that wonderful voice . I highly recommend it to any true music lover .
 Okay , I just want to say that I have preordered this CD , and it wo n't be at my house until tommorrow , but I am so excited . I have already heard a couple of the songs , and they are phenomenal . I am so proud of Clay and all that he has accomplished .
 My entire family LOVES this cd . Clay 's voice is wonderful and the songs are refreshingly upbeat !! We 've been waiting for actual MUSIC to buy ... and buy we will !!
 Every one of the twelve songs is delightful . Ca n't wait for Clay 's CD # 2 !
 This Album is a wonderful collection of beautiful songs by an outstanding performer . It is so wonderful to have a CD where I love every track . My Way , Run to Me , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , When You Say You Love Me are especially great ! Buy this CD if you love Adult Contemporary pop music .
 This album is really great . Clay Aiken is extremely talented and should have won AI2 !! I really love the song Invisible , he did a great job with it in concert also . He could sing me anything !!! I love clayyyyyy !
 I found this CD excellent . I always enjoy hearing talented singers . The songs on this helped make my drive -LRB- I listen to music in the car -RRB- a very relaxing experience . He has a very good voice and a lot of natural talent . I think this was a great album to test out his wings and improve upon . I 'm sure he 'll only get better . I 'm looking forward to his follow up work !
 Well let me just start off with this , if this CD were performed by someone else , I would have given it 4 stars , but since I love Clay , I had to give it 5 . I had been anticipating the release of this CD since the end of American Idol , and the was the first thing I did after school was out on the day it was released was go buy it , and naturally popped it into my CD player in my car.I wanted to Hear `` Invisible '' because when I went to the AI concert this summer , he never sang it , like he did at some others . It was okay , it was a good first single to catch people 's attention , but I was used to hearing the power in Clay 's voice , not the poppy sound that I so much detest these days . So onto the other songs ... Literally , I change my favorite song on this CD every other day . When I first got it , my favorite song was `` I Will Carry You . '' Then it was `` No More Sad Songs . '' Then it was `` Shine . '' At the moment it is `` Perfect Day . '' I think the songs are beautiful , there is n't ONE song on the CD that I do n't like , which has NEVER happened before . The only - for lack of a better word - complaint I have about this CD is that it does n't show his power . He has the ability to give me chills down my spine when he hits some of those notes , but unfortunately , it did not occur on this CD ... I would recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys a thoroughly good CD . Rolling Stone did say it was the best Pop Album of 2003 !
 What a wonderful gift I received on October 14 , 2003 . Clay Aiken , Clive Davis and all others associated with Measure of a Man are to thank . As are those who voted Clay Aiken into the CD making business . Thank you.I wo n't waste time reiterating the many five star reviews . I do , however , want to make my own statement by saying that Clay Aiken 's breath-taking voice fills every song with passion and sincerity . This is the most enjoyable new music I 've heard in a very long time . If you purchase this CD and listen with your heart , I 'm sure you will agree .
 Reading the reviews it seems that many are based on the like or dislike of Clay or the continuation of a Ruben/Clay competition . Get over it ! Ruben won the AI contest , they are both talented singers and their styles are different . That said , my critique of the album is that the songs are a little weak , overly orchestrated in some cases and some hokey instrumentals in other cases . Clay 's voice , however , shines through and overcomes the weak material and the little time that was taken to put the album together . If you are sentimental and romantic at heart , like ballads , like to sing along , love Clays voice ... or any of the above , you will like this album . It just makes you feel good . Despite its shortcomings , I could n't give it less than 4 stars since I love it and listen to it at least once a day . My favorite is The Way co written by Enrique Iglesias and hopefully we 'll see some more like this on the next album ... stronger songs to match the depth of Clay 's voice .
 It 's been a long time , since I 've been so moved by a singer ... Clay has an amazingly gifted voice . . He can sing any song and make it his own . . His humility , kindness and caring of others - is just icing on the cake . . He has brought beautiful music back again . . Finally an album full of great music . . I love every song ... It 's a winner ! Barb Woods
 This cd is the bomb ! The songs are unforgetable to anyone.If you had to listen to a cd all day , for some reason , I know that I would choose Clay 's cd most defently you would never get sick of this cd . Clay 's cd , `` Measure Of A Man '' , is the greatest cd !! - Love , Peace , Chicken Grease !! YA BUDDY ...
 This a great safe lyric c.d. Doesnt matter what you listen to you will love this . A classic it will be in some years .
 Remember when you were a teen and you had your first crush and you had that one song that was on the radio that you listened to over and over and over again because it reflected just how you felt ? Remember a time when you were being unmercifully teased or coldly ignored because `` those people '' did n't think you were `` cool '' ? Remember when you 've listened to filthy lyrics on the radio or seen the latest singing sensation 's nearly pornographic music video and told yourself , `` I refuse to listen to this garbage ? '' Well , then , I think you 'll like Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' just fine.This is `` pop '' music ; it is n't rock ; it is n't opera . Clay has a beautiful voice and for now he is using it to sing `` pop '' music . He does n't fit the image of even the current `` pop star , '' and this is really freaking out certain of the professional critics . While the `` Billboard '' reviewer deemed `` Measure of a Man '' the best pop album of 2003 , some other major critics have arrogantly dismissed the album as being worthless and have spent an inordinate amount of their review space challenging Aiken 's `` manliness . `` The music industry is in horrible financial shape , the younger generation tends to illegally download their music rather than actually buy CDs , a good portion of Aiken 's fan base is over 40 and buys not just one copy but multiples to share with friends , and `` Measure of a Man '' went double platinum in its first week -LRB- 2 million CDs shipped -RRB- even with getting minimal play on the radio stations ! The music industry is being royally challenged!I suggest that you explore this matter further by buying a copy of `` Measure of a Man '' for yourself . While you are at it , you might just want to pick up a few extra copies for Christmas presents for people , old or young , that you love and respect . I also suggest that you find out more about this wonderful new singer -- Clay Aiken . You will be truly amazed !
 CLAY HAS SUCH A GREAT VOICE . I know from watching him on the American Idol he was going to be GREAT ------- just love , love his voice . The CD is worth buying . He sings all the songs soooooooo well . Watched him on MTV last week . He was great . Looking forward to his next CD . Everyone who loves Clay 's voice should have it -- I 'm happy I have my copy . Do n't think there is any song he could n't sing . Waited a long time to hear someone as good as him . You can understand all the words . I 'm looking forward to him doing his next CD . Happy Birthday CLAY on November 30th . !!!!!!!!!!! Dianne-57
 I love Clay , he has the best voice . He needs better songs , not that these are not good , but he needs better . Clay , you are going to shine , but you need better songs that reflect your fabulous voice better - I will buy all your albums anyway because of who you are and how you sound - you are an incredible talent , keep going !
 I LOVE this cd !!! This is one of those cd 's you do n't have to skip a track here and there to get to a better song cause they all ROCK !! My only complaint is they did n't utilize his voice ... Clay has so much range , this cd did n't seem like much of a challenge for him , it 's almost a waste , but the songs are very good .
 First , let me start by saying I am not part of the ClayTrain , ClayNation , ClayMates , ect . just someone that loves music.This is a great CD for it to be Clay 's first . I do n't understand why radio stations will not give Clay air time . He is just as good or better than all the other American Idols that are being played . He 's way better than Taylor Hicks ! But for some reason it seems none of the radio stations want to give him a chance . From my understanding Clay 's concerts are always sold out ... yet you never here Clay played on the radio . Is it bad management ? I would think that is a BIG part of it.Anyway good luck young man !
 `` Measure of a Man '' is definitely one of my favorite albums . The songs are all great and I like that there are no bad lyrics . I can listen to it with any small children in the room and that is rare nowadays . Of course , the main reason this album is so wonderful is that Clay Aiken has a wonderful voice . My personal favorites on this album are `` This is the Night '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' ! Claymate Forever !
 Clay Aiken has one of the most beautiful voices I have ever heard . He can do anything with his voice , and it sounds like poetry no matter what he is singing.I was absolutely breathless the first time I heard Solitaire . It is so mesmorizing , I had to listen to it a few more times . I love it . Invisible is also very , very nice . The songs he sings all sound like a true American Idol , which everyone knows , he should have won . His voise is amazing , and he has an outstaning amount of talent .
 Clay has such a strong , beautiful voice it does n't matter what he sings ... it is always great . This cd , as with all of his cd 's , is great . His Christmas CD is a favorite . I listen to it all year long . Christmas music is not my bag but I love his Christmas CD . You will not be disappointed with this purchase .
 I love you clay you mean so much to me when you came out on american idol my heart stopped my sister had to come and revive me . this album was incredible how can you get anymore better than this . well you ca n't !!! I don , t know why he did n't make 50 most beutiful but anyway please buy this album his vocals are incredible probably one of the best singers in the world !!! misty
 What can I say that has not already been said . This young man has a powerhouse voice , breathtaking in every sense . He makes me feel so good and his music comes right from his soul . WOW ! A must buy for anyone that appreciates good music .
 It 's a great CD ! I do n't really like the last song `` Touch '' but the rest of the CD is wonderful ! Clay is wonderful ! he has a great voice . Buy the CD it 's great .
 This album is absolutely brilliant ! I have it on constant repeat in my car ! I live in England and nobody else here seems to have heard of Clay , so I 'm spreading the word ! Every track is fantastic and Clay 's voice just soars . Why did n't he win American Idol ?!! Ca n't recommend this album enough - buy it !!
 I love this CD !!!! I am no teeny bopper either . I 'm in my 40 's , my husband is 50 and we both love Clay and this CD . He is great and the best thing to come around in a long time . I usually do n't even bother to buy CD 's , but I went out and soon as this was released and bought it . I love the songs on this CD . My favorites are `` When You Say You Love Me '' , `` The Way '' , `` Invisible '' , `` This is the Night '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , heck I just like them all . I listen to it over and over again . It is all I listen to at work .
 great voice + fab songs = good album ! must buy !
 This album is wonderful . I have listened to it over and over again , and love it more each time . Every song is spectacular . My favorites are When You Say You Love Me , Shine , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , Invisible , ... I love them all . I highly recommend this album . Clay has a voice that wraps around you like a comforter . He is simply the best , and so is his album .
 Admist all the hype of Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man cd , I went out and purchased it , and I must say that it does meet the expectations that everyone thought , and that is why it became Double Platinum in one week alone ! Songs such as `` I Will Carry You '' and `` The Way '' are more ballads , where as `` Touch '' has an upbeat tune . And of course , `` This is the Night '' the song which he performed on American Idol is included as well and the new single `` Invisible . '' This cd is a great cd to have in any collection , no matter how old you are , and even if you are or are not an American Idol fan . Clay Aiken proves himself worth in more ways than one on this cd .
 Clay 's first CD is actually very good . It is not the raw voice that all of us Clay fans expected from the american idol performances but , it is of a more experienced Clay . His voice range is incredible and the music is soft and beautiful . It is not surprising that this CD has gone double platinum in one week . The fans really appreciate his talent . This young man is going to be around for a long time . This CD is the blossoming of a living legend .
 I came to Amazon to read a few reviews before deciding to purchase Clay Aikens CD . The majority of them were extremely positive but there were a few negative reviews tossed in the mix . I purchased the CD based on the heartfelt reviews by true fans of Clay . There must be something extraordinary about a man that has such a dedicated following . Well , let me tell you I was not disappointed . Definetly made me wonder about the negative reviews and the motives behind them . From the first song to the last I was taking on a ride by Clays soaring vocals . The songs are catchy , introspective , thought provoking and just plain made me feel good . Every time I hear the CD I love it more . This is a TRUE pop album reminiscent of the power ballad 's that have been missing from the pop scene for years . Good job Clay ! I look forward to your next album .
 So are you looking at my review title and saying , `` Huh ? '' Well let me explain . I am one of those last hold-outs that stuck with cassette tapes as long as I could . Why ? The overly expensive price of CDs . I just could n't see forking at an additional 5 to 7 dollars to buy the CD of my favorite band over the cheaper cassette . But as any blind person could see , that the audio cassette tape was quickly dying a deserving death in the recent years . So I stopped buying music a few years ago . Why ? Well , I never had a CD player in my vehicle -LRB- s -RRB- . Just cassette decks . So what changed ? Well , when American Idol 2 aired and the finalists were revealed in Clay Aiken and Rueben Studdard , I said to myself , `` Self , a Clay Aiken CD would actually get me to finally switch to CDs . `` So this past July , I finally had my radio/cassette deck replaced in my vehicle with a CD player . I quickly bought most of the Metallica catalog -LRB- minus S&M and Live Sh*t -RRB- , five Iron Maiden CDs , all 3 Godsmack CDs , and Drowning Pool . So then I anxiously awaited Clay 's CD to come out . However I must admit that I have n't bought it yet , but probably will once I hear some sound clips from it . -LRB- Com ` on Amazon , get some Windows Media or RealOne clips up . -RRB- I know Clay is an excellent vocalist . In fact , his performance on American Idol of `` This is the Night '' brought tears to my eyes.For those who think that Kelly Clarkson is better , well , if you like the female aspect , then perhaps its true . But for a well rounded , highly wide vocal range , Clay Aiken is one of the best singers that have come along in a long time . Britney Spears has nothing on Clay .
 I LOVE this CD . Granted I like some songs better than others , for example I really like `` Shine '' , `` Run to Me '' and `` Measure of a Man '' , but there are no songs I skip over when listening in my car . Clay has a great voice and I look forward to buying his albums for years to come .
 If you are in the mood for some really great quality music . . you 've found it here . Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man is very refreshing . Beautifully sung , really beautiful lyrics . American Idols Hidden Treasure !
 First of all , I 'm not a typical Clay Aiken fan . I 'm not a teenage girl , or a drooling middle-age woman who thinks Clay 's the greatest thing since Bobby Darin . I 'm a fortysomething male -LRB- and no , I 'm not gay -RRB- who saw Clay on `` American Idol , '' felt there was something `` magical '' -LRB- in the words of Gladys Knight -RRB- about him and became an instant fan . And while `` Measure of a Man '' may not be a classic CD , or even one for the ages , so to speak , I find it to be one of the most satisfying , and refreshingly honest pieces of music of the year . Twelve songs and not a clinker in the bunch , all exceedingly listenable and unpretentious and and beautifully sung by a young man with incredible vocal pipes and an uncanny sense of what works for himself and his audience.The highlights
 Clay Aiken is an exceptional talent . His sound on his first CD is refreshing . There is a nice mixture of songs on this CD , uptempos , ballads , and some ballads with an edge . Two of my favorites are `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' . Every song is worth listening to ... you wo n't want to skip over any on this CD . Clay 's voice is incredible ... nailing notes I never heard him sing before ... There is also a song called `` Perfect Day '' which sounds very Beatleish ... alot like Paul McCartney . I love the CD . Those who enjoy the beatles , Elton John , Journey and a small John Secada sound on Touch , will enjoy this CD .
 I did expect for this cd , to be at least good , with a powerful voice like Clay Aiken 's behind the music . But after hearing every song , it is beyond good , there are n't many words just to describe how wonderful this cd . I highly recommend this cd .
 To Pearl Jam Lion , I really do n't appreciate being threanted withmy life because I like a particular artist , or a different typeof music that is obviously not the music you enjoy.It is peoplesuch as yourself that help make this a more freightening planet.So I have forwared your `` review '' to the Center for Hate Crimes asa possible person to watch . I also forwared it to the Center forPeople with Eratic and unusual Behavior . There is also an agencyfor terroristic threats by person or by proxy , especially overthe internet . So I am glad you got printed and you have yourselfa nice little day .
 lOVE THIS ALBUM !! Clays beautiful voice is awesome as usual.You listen to his cd and find yourself wanting more . No matter how many times you listen to his album you never grow tired of it . ON DECEMBER 9th CLAYS SINGLE INVISIBLE COMES OUT ... SOLITARE IS ON THIS CD ALSO . I ca n't wait !! This cd is sure to be another outstanding recording by this young man . AND BY THE WAY . . IF YOU STILL HAVE N'T BEEN CONVINCED TO GO OUT AND BUY THIS CD ... GO NEXT DOOR AND ASK YOUR NEIGHBOR TO LET YOU LISTEN TO THEIRS ... YOU 'LL WRITE IT ON YOUR MUST DO LIST TO PICK UP . . NOVEMBER 30 IS CLAYS BIRTHDAY . HE WILL BE 25 . BY THE WAY I 'M NOT A CLAY MATE !!! I 'M 66 years old and proud to be a fan of this young man . He is a breath of fresh air . Remember the great ones ... you know Frank , Dean , Lional , Aretha , Tom Jones , Barry , Elvis , Diana Ross , Smokey , and All he others who gave us beautiful music.Real music . If you remember the great ones then you 'll love this album .
 I have watched Clay Aiken since his first appearance on American Idol . It has been an amazing transformation and I think it is only the beginning of a long and successful career.I do n't buy many CD 's - probably 3-4 a year and tend to listen to my favorites over and over . Because I have n't liked the music being published the last number of years I tend to buy new albums by singers established years ago - you know , `` The Best Of '' type albums.I had to play this album a couple of times before I got hooked , but hooked I am . For the first time in my life I bought two of the same CD - one for the car and one for the house . I try to pick out my favorite , but it changes . Probably `` The Way '' as I think it will be a classic suitable for weddings and romantic dinners . But I like the message and uptempo of `` I Will Carry You '' and the ballad `` Measure of a Man '' is very good . There are no bad songs on this CD . I recommend it heartily .
 I 've enjoyed Clay immensely from American Idol , and he 's met all of my expectations with his new cd . Some of the songs are more pop than I expected from Clay , but there are various types of songs , some upbeat and light while others slow and passionate . His remarkable range of high and low notes , along with his strong voice , makes me love every single song in the cd . Buy it !
 Just got the cd today and love it ... and oh , for the person below this review , Ruben won coz people like you cheated ... you voted 10 times ... and for Jennifer ... read the chart beat in billboard . . so you know that his sales on 1st week exceeded 610,000 ... far more than your hood music 50 cent or britney in their 1st week sales history .
 When I first heard this CD I was n't that crazy about it . However after listening to it a few times I really started to love it . Now I play it all the time . The guy has the most beautiful voice and his versatility in shifting notes and reaching the highest pitch is wonderful . My favorite song is `` I Will Carry You '' . Can you believe how perfectly he hits the note for `` home '' near the end of the song ? I ca n't wait for his next endeavour .
 If you like to listen to somebody that can sing good clean love songs then Clay Aiken is the guy for you . This man has some pipes and range on them . His vocals are great . Most of the songs are sappy and will probaly be a theme to a chick flick one day , but I 'm a sensitive guy and I love this CD . Mad props to Clay Aiken . Keep up the good work .
 My mom gave this CD to me and I thought -- WHAT THE ???? I had heard of him but not ever heard him singing but I was n't interested -- I mean I like football . My mom , God bless her , has a way of always being right . This guy CAN SING !!! On some of the songs , he reminds me of the Beatles . Great pop album . I was really blown away . Thanks , Mom .
 I love this CD , it is everything I expected from this fantastic young singer . The songs are especially suited to Clay 's great voice and he applies his own unique style to all of them . There is not one song on here I do not listen to again and again and I am so looking forward to Clay 's next album .
 I think this CD is Fantastic ! To the person from Charlotte , who said there was no emotion in the songs , what CD were you listening to ? Certainly not Measure of A Man !! I feel the emotion in every song and DO feel like he is singing to me . It 's been a long time since I have listened to a CD that touched my heart and soul as much as this one . I am sooooo in love with his voice !!!
 I love this CD and do not feel that 838,000 people are wrong about it . Why do fans of this CD have to take such abuse , i.e. we are tone deaf , do n't know anything about music , etc. . We just happen to like this CD and especially the singer , and are looking forward to many more Clay Aiken CD 's . The boy can sing .
 This young recording artist has one of the best voices I have ever had the pleasure to experience . I highly recommend this CD to anyone and everyone who truly loves music . I can not wait till the next one !!!! Every song on this CD is great . Not one bad one on the whole CD . Thanks Clay !!!
 Mr.Clay Aiken sings with great emotion in his first CD . My favorite song is `` The Way '' . Each song tells a story and Clay takes the listener along on a wonderful journey through love , heartbreak , new beginnings and change . I found a nice assortment of up beat songs and songs that have great meaning . This is a very enjoyable CD that most ages and listeners would love to have in their CD player .
 I HAVE N'T ENJOYED MUSIC SO MUCH SINCE THE 60 'S AND THE BEATLES . THIS ALBUM IS BACK TO THE BASIC OF MUSIC , THE SONGS AND LYRICS AND THE SINGER ARE THE BEST . . CLAY HAS A LIFETIME FAN IN PEOPLE LIKE ME WHO CAN NO LONGER TURN ON THE MTV AND VH1 TO FIND MUSIC WE CAN RELATE TOO . PEOPLE WHO CA N'T WATCH THESE AWARD SHOWS WITHOUT CHANGING THE CHANNEL IN DISGUST . TO THE NEGATIVE CRITCISM , I SAY WHATEVER ! WE HAVE A SINGER WHO WILL NOW FILL THE VOID THAT HAS BEEN MISSING IN THE RECORDING AND RADIO PLAYING INDUSTRY . THANK YOU CLAY AND WE ARE WAITING FOR YOU NEXT CD . THANK YOU RCA , WE DO LOVE OUR VANILLA ICE CREAM .
 This album will not disappoint . I am not a big fan of Clay Aiken but I ended up enjoying the album ; you will never hear more beautiful songs as softly sung by him . He sings in a voice that is smooth , mature - and he can really soar when he wants . This is a great `` feel good `` album !
 This is THE album that will revolutionize the recording industry . Clay Aiken 's voice and songs are refreshing , unstoppable and absolutely AMAZING ! This album would make a great gift for those of all ages . A definite MUST for all music lovers !
 I was so looking forward to this CD , and even though I am not overly fond of 2 or so of the songs , the rest of the CD is awesome ! Usually a CD has at least 1/2 the songs that are undesirable , but not here , they have character , range and are extremely enjoyable to listen to . Plus it 's easy to see that the songe reflect who Clay is as a person , he did n't sell out at all , it 's so refreshing . Huge Clay fan and this CD cements that even more !!! Ca n't wait for the next one !!!
 I love this album ! I have never listend to an album before where I listened to all 12 tracks , not wanting to skip over any of them . All of the songs are catchy , and range is style . `` Invisible '' and `` Touch '' are two songs that are very upbeat and hook the listener from the start while Aiken throws a warm , somewhat country feel into `` When You Say You Love Me . '' My personal favorite is `` Measure of A Man . '' I find this song to be Aiken 's best , the lyrics and vocals are unbelievable . Clay Aiken shines on his debut CD , and I anxiously await his 2 ` nd !!!
 Excellent ! But I have to say that I was surprised when I heard the collection because it 's not what I expected out of Clay . I supposed I was expecting somewhere along the Idol songs , but hell , this album is better ! There 's not one song that I dislike . It 's hard to choose a favorite . Clay is certainly versatile & I can not wait to see him sing these songs in a concert ! I 'm certain his live performance is going to be incredible !
 I absolutely loved this CD ! Although I am a diehard Clay Aiken fan I was prepared to find at least one or two songs that I did not like , as is usual with most albums . But this CD is exceptional , I LOVED all of the songs and am so impressed with the quality , the rang and feeling in Clay 's voice . I am already looking forward to purchasing his next CD !
 The first time I listened to this cd i only got through the first 4 songs before i shut off my car . I was quite sad that this was how the CD was turning out . After listening to the CD all the way through and hearing it aobut 3 times I 've grown to really like most of the songs . Its just disapointing that the chose not to showcase his powerful voice as much . The industry keeps trying to figure out why we love clay , and its not b/c he 's a pop star or a rock star or a broadway star ... its his voice plain and simple . Next time let him belt it out , do n't hold him back . I can only hope one day clay is asked to play the role of the phantom in phantom of the opera .
 What more could a fan ask for in Measure of a Man ? I compare it to a buffet , where no matter what you feel like having , its right there to mix up on your plate . Its a nice sampling of several styles of music from an incredible voice . Invisible is still my favorite new single , great for dancing and singing along . There is alot of the Clay that many of us loved from the beginning , but also some new and different aspects of his singing .
 This CD is for everyone !! It has some slow , romantic songs , that just makes your heart want to melt ! Then he 's got songs that just want to make you dance , whether your sitting down or walking down the street ! Clay diffinately knew what his fans wanted and to get new fans ! With the lyrics , they just want to make you learn them so you can sing along with Clay 's AMAZING voice !! He makes you feel the lyrics , even if you have n't felt that situation in your life ! I 'm blown away by this album and do n't ever skip any of the songs ! Measure of a Man is a MUST HAVE !!!
 `` Measure of a Man '' comes pretty close to capturing pure radiance and encapsulating it in a CD case . Nothing can prepare you for the startling brilliance that is the voice of Clay Aiken . `` Measure of Man '' offers up pure Clay and that magnificent voice soars on songs like the mega-hit `` This is the Night , '' the glorious title track `` Measure of a Man '' and the incredible `` The Way . '' Seems to me that on this CD , Clay is dabbling with many different types of songs , but whatever the song , Clay 's voice is what it is all about , along with his tremendous ability to make you feel so strongly about whatever he is singing about . Obviously if you love Clay Aiken , you are bound to love `` Measure of a Man . '' But if you are not sure about Clay , give it a listen anyway . I think you will be pleasantly surprised and then stunned about your inability to remove it from your CD player.Bravo Clay !
 This week I keep thinking up reasons to spend time in my car so I can play this CD over and over . I 'm not sure what I expected but this is n't it . This is so different from American Idol music . This music is fresh and new and filled with Clay Aiken 's beautiful voice in all its range and power . I ca n't stop smiling . This is the future of pop music . There are a few tracks where I wish the background production was scaled back to let that pure voice shine through , but all in all I am surprised and very very pleased . More More !
 Clay Aiken is likely to be the voice of the century . For a first album , this recording gets the job done . Aiken 's exceptional voice shines throughout these tunes , and the expression and emotion in his voice is suberb . `` Invisible '' has a great catchy beat . `` The Way '' is filled with emotion . `` I Survived You '' is powerful and expressive . `` This Is the Night '' is soaring and uplifting . `` When You Say You Love Me '' encourages one to sing along . `` Touch '' is sensual and exciting . My favorite is `` Measure of a Man , '' a beautiful anthem to being true to oneself and honoring values . All of the tracks are excellent.While others may expect more , one must remember that Aiken 's first album is just that . While he did have considerable say in the choice of material and title , he undoubtedly was not able to make every decision . As his career expands , he will be able to broaden his choices and set his own agenda . While I enjoy this album imensely and play it over and over , I eagerly look forward to more from this extraordinarily gifted man .
 After listing to this album I can give it nothing but high praise . I think that Clay Aiken is the voice of reason that our world needs right now as so many people are affecting our children and how they see the world . This album is positive , upbeat and fun with a positive messgae !! Way to go Clay !
 You have to love any CD that contains such gorgeous singing . The man has talent oozing out of his pores .
 MOAM was Clays full length cd , I love love love it ! From Invisible to touch , Clay shines with each note . Clays delivery to each song is incredible , He truly draws you in with deep feeling and emotion ! This mans voice is Impeccable .
 I loved Clay Aiken the moment I saw him during the American Idol season 2 auditions -LRB- before his dramatic change -RRB- and has proved to be the best . I have seen him twice , during the American Idol seasonal tour and the Kelly Clarkson/Clay Aiken Independent tour and he just keeps getting better ! My favorite song on his album is `` Measure of a Man '' because , I feel , that he is talking about God . I also love `` The Way '' because it 's a really romantic song and the music video is absolutely wonderful . I HIGHLY recommend this CD to any American Idol fans or `` Claymates '' - not that I am one . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Having never watched American Idol , I really did n't know muchabout Clay Aiken . My co-workers talked in glowing terms of him but I just never took an interest . I saw him perform on several talk shows and was struck not only by his amazing voice but by his charisma and his high moral standards . What a wonderful personality!I , like millions , saw Clay perform Solitaire on American Idol last Wednesday and I have never heard anything like it . I was HOOKED . The very next day , I bought his new single and Measure of a Man . The album is amazing . It 's just one musical delight after another . Unfortunately , Solitaire is n't on the album , but it 's certainly worth the price of the single -LRB- The Way/Solitaire -RRB- just for Solitaire . Clay 's rendition of the Neil Sedaka classic is AMAZING . I can honestly say I have n't had another CD in my player since I bought these two.Clay Aiken is the most amazing performer to come along in my time . Although I 'm a little past the age to be considered a CLAYMATE , I am a huge fan and have tickets to see him on tour in April.I 'm sure if you purchase this CD , you 'll be hooked on Clay as well .
 We used some of these songs at my daughter 's wedding . This CD is awesome . You will not skip any of the tracks , it 's that good . I ca n't wait for the next CD !!! Give me more Clay Aiken everyday !
 MOAM IS AN AWESOME FIRST CD FOR CLAY AIKEN ! ALTHOUGH I CA N'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS ONE ... I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO HIS SECOND FULL LENGTH CD !
 This CD is just flawless . Clay Aiken has the richest , most beautiful voice I have heard in years . He puts so much feeling in his songs . I am never bored with this album . I truly enjoy every song . I highly recommend this album .
 I really like this cd , its just great . The songs are good , Clay has a great voice and this cd is a real showpiece for it . He sings with such emotion and power . Such a refreshing change from some of the stuff out there , and no one can sing like he does!Fantastic ! Will recommend it highly , can not wait until the next one !
 After hearing Clay Aiken 's first CD , it is more obvious than ever that he is here to stay . His voice is wonderful and he sings with such passion . He puts a lot of himself into his singing . He deserves every bit of attention he is getting and will get . From start to finish , Measure of a Man is an excellent CD . Here is to a bright future for Clay Aiken !!
 Just picked up this CD and it is really , really , good ! There are several tracks , especially # 3 and # 4 that prove he is just an awesome singer . Several songs on the album have the strength to possibly go to top ten !
 This CD is fabulous ! I had big expectations for this release and was very satisfied . Clay could sing anything and sound great . The songs are good , but Clay 's voice is Great ! You will not be disappointed .
 Just got my CD and have n't stopped playing it . I fell in love with Clay 's voice from day one on American Idol . Tried to catch every show he was on . Its a great album , his choice of songs are all new to me . Maybe in his second album he could include a good old `` oldie '' for us over 50 crowd . I wish you all the success in the world with this one , and that it goes through the roof . One , however , suggestion for your next album - have more input and tell the orchestra to tone it down a bit - we want to hear your voice more clearly .
 We have been looking forward to this CD since AI ended , and we are not disappointed . Clay has such a great instrument , and it is used very nicely . Of course , I am one of those who thinks he would probably sing the phone book well , but my family is a little more objective and they all agree this was worth waiting for . As he proves himself to be the real thing , I am sure he will have songs written just for him by Neil Sedaka , Diane Warren , and Barry Manilow . And he will do it all well . Someday , some young singer will cover the `` Clay Aiken Songbook . '' Just keep being gracious , Clay , and never forget the Giver of your remarkable gifts .
 I have to say , I too am one of Clay 's `` older '' fans . -LRB- Just under 38 -RRB- . He has been labeled as a broadway kind of singer , and the tunes he sang on American Idol were true Clay -LRB- belt-em-out -RRB- style . I do n't hear this on this album . I do like the album , but it was n't what I expected . I would love to see him do another album , maybe of some show tunes or the like . Do n't get me wrong , I could listen to him sing everyday , all day . It just does n't get any better than that voice ... Would love to see Solitaire on the next one . Also got to say I 'm loving the articles . Way to go for standing up for yourself and who you are , even though I loved the belly shot on Rolling Stone . I do give you some serious credit . Fighting the big boys ca n't be easy . Keep the albums coming .
 Hey folks , this is a POP album ... Is it all POP ? No way ! This artist takes up new areas in the ballads and love songs . Some of the lyrics are simple and some meaty but you can sing along and totally enjoy the journey .
 Let 's face it
 Clay Aiken has a voice that touches my heart and soothes my soul . I love every song on this CD , so it 's a tough call to name a favorite when they all gave me chills ... and a few brought tears to my eyes . `` Run To Me '' is so very haunting and beautiful , and `` Measure of a Man '' and `` The Way '' are both touching and tender and exquisitely performed . An awesome debut , well worth the wait .
 This album proves to be addictive ! The first listening is very good , but you soon find the more you play it , the more certain tunes stay in your mind , and you are hearing the music all day in your head . His voice has a seeping-into-your-soul quality that I have never experienced before ; this album will be such a huge hit with all age groups that those who are not sure it is great now will come back soon with a re-write , the way critics do with classic movies after digesting them for awhile . I wish no one would review it without listening to it first half a dozen times . Clay will get to you .
 Clay Aiken 's new cd is a hit ! Not only has it broken sales records , but each and every song is outstanding . This is the best pop album of the year .
 This album is simply incredible , everything I hoped it would be and more . The songs are adicting and the voice ... what can I say ... there is only ONE CLAY!However , as AWESOME as it is , I think we all know that Clay has just scratched the surface ... He 's going to be around for a VERY LONG TIME.Love you Clay
 I gave up on pop music more than a decade ago and switched my radio to the Cool Jazz station . Clay Aiken is the artist who brought me back . Honestly I was n't sure what kind of album Clay would release . Real life is so different from American Idol . I am happy to say that the powers-that-be at RCA have done well by this young man.This CD is loaded with sing-along numbers from the incredible `` Invisible '' to `` I Will Carry You '' to the country-tinged '' `` Will You Say You Love Me . '' There is something here for everyone . `` Measure of a Man '' is a heart-touching ballad , and when I heard that Clay fought to have this particular song included , I was n't at all surprised.To say that Clay Aiken has a wonderful voice is n't enough . Theres more there than the range and power he displays on these songs . Clay Aiken comes across as confident , immensely talented , and sincere .
 I had pre-ordered this cd on the heels of Clay 's almost win and was curious to see what his debut cd would be like . I was hoping for more of the soulful crooning his fans know he excels in , and even though this is sugar-pop , his voice really does shine through . Each song is very good and it is true that it is hard to decide which is a favorite . I find myself flipping around from track to track but missing the ones I skipped over . If you like to sing along to your music , this is the cd for you . It is easy/enjoyable listening with a smooth tenor kick . I look forward to his future projects .
 I 'm not really into pop music . I really like rap and R&B , but I can really dig a great voice . So what can I say ? Clay Aiken got a real good voice , soul , power , and range . The songs are a bit predictable and not very challenging , but the dude Aiken racks up all the songs . Touch is a good song , proving that Aiken should explore hip hop a little . When You Say You Love Me has a country sound to it . I DO NOT LIKE country music . I did n't like this song either , but it got itself on in my head for hours . I did like Invincible . Clay can really shake it up . He displays his impressive range in Run To Me and Measure of Man . Perfect Day and No More Sad Songs have a rock edge . The Way and Shine and Run To Me are soulful ballads . I liked Aiken 's voice better than the songs . Hopefully , he picks some better song writers next time .
 This CD is absolutely amazing . The songs are perfect for displaying Clay 's amazingly beautiful talent . This is n't a CD that fans of his would buy just to support him and would listen to anything he sings . This CD is really good and I think that anyone who likes this style of music would enjoy listening to this whether or not they are fans of Clay . This is the only CD I own that I can listen straight through without skipping over any tracks . It would honestly be impossible for my to pick just one song as my favorite . The songs are also written so that just about everybody can relate to them in some way or another . This first CD of Clay 's reaches standards that most artists stive for years to accomplish . Keep up the excellent work Clay and congratulations !! God bless .
 I love this CD !!! It is not too Broadway at all , which is what i was worried about . Although I am sure that Clay could have a sucessful career on Broadway , this album proves that he can sing pop just as well . The songs fit his voice very well and the album is very easy to listen to . I like Rueben as well as Clay and I do n't see why you ca n't just buy both albums . Why pick one when American Idol 2 delivered two amazing and talented performers .
 I 've always been disappointed when purchasing CD 's as only one or two songs stand out.Clay 's is the exception - every song on Measure Of A Man is fantastic , my particular favourite being ' I Will Carry You ' . This is an terrific first and I ca n't wait for the next one!DianaA very happy Claynadian !
 Clay has captured the hearts of America , especially mine , from day one ! His ability to sing any song well made him my `` American Idol '' and this CD is nothing less than perfect ! He knows how to make my heart melt ! Every song on this album makes you appreciate his voice even more with every note . I found myself eagerly anticipating what the next song would bring ! Every song has a wonderful message and is appropriate for any age ! I love his pure natural talant ! I 'm proud to be a Clay Aiken fan !!!
 A friend bought me a copy of Clay Aiken 's new CD for my birthday -LRB- thanks Sue -RRB- and I 've been playing it constantly ever since . Clay 's voice gives me chills , especially when I play the very tender ballad `` The Way '' or the more evocative `` Touch '' . I also enjoy the power pop number `` I Survived You '' , the toe tapping `` When you say you love me '' and the moving `` Measure of a Man '' . This CD delivers and Clay , you should be proud of yourself . . Linda
 I honestly did n't think the CD would be as good as it is . I did expect great , but this is awesome . First time I have listened to a CD all the way through . Even if he did n't write the songs , he sounds like he means every word . Excellent Album !!! KEEP IT UP CLAY !
 WOW !!! I really enjoy listening to Clay Aikens CD !!! All of the songs are so wonderful ! What a GREAT VOICE Clay has ! I am so happy for him , and for all of us !!! DEFINATLY NUMBER ONE !!!!!! WOW WOW WOW !!!!! Thank you so much CLAY , Thank You RCA !!!!!!!!
 Although this album may not be what many people expected , it is yet another side of Clay . I have played it over and over since I got it . His voice is so powerful and he proves once again why he is the real American Idol !! For those of you who are n't quite sure about it the first time through , give it a second chance and really listen to Clay 's voice and the lyrics !! He is incredible and I 'm sure that this album will do well . Ca n't wait to see him in concert and for his next endeavor !!
 I think that the record executives and the critics should let the public decide just how good or bad clay 's cd is . The public knows what it likes to hear and his record sales will reflect this . I thought the cd was the best I 've heard from clay . It displays his voice in different strengths and ranges and each song gives you a different feeling when you hear it . Some songs make you feel happy , sad , reflective , etc. . I loved each song on the cd , my favorite being `` The Way '' . Do n't miss out on this cd or you 'll be very sorry .
 This CD is DA BOMB !!! Every song on it wonderful . It completely shows his vocal range . I love PERFECT DAY , MEASURE OF A MAN , and WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME . If you do n't have it go out and buy it . It is so worth every penny .
 A must have for anyone who enjoys true music . I have not been able to put this CD down . Clay emphasizes the lyrics like no other . You feel such emotion from these songs and The Way gets me every time . Clay has outdone himself on this one , his voice is truly spectacular . There is not a song on this CD that is not amazing . It 's a keeper for all time .
 CLAY AIKEN 'S `` MEASURE OF A MAN '' WAS EVERYTHING AND MORE THAN I EXPECTED . THE MOST SURPISING SONG ON THE CD IS `` THE WAY '' I LOVE IT.THE CD IS WONDERFUL AND I WILL LISTEN TO IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN . THE MUSIC ON THE CD IS SOOTHING TO MY SOUL AND SO ENJOYABLE . THEIR IS NOTHING OFFENSIVE OR RUDE ABOUT THE MUSIC.THIS CD IS THE BEST I HAVE HEARD IN MANY , MANY YEARS . CLAY , KEEP THEM COMING AND WE WILL BUY !
 This Cd is more than I expected from a new singer even though he is Clay Aiken . The half of the songs could be hit any time.The songs address the whole generation which is amazing . `` The Way '' is amazing for me . `` When You Say You Love Me `` is my one of fav . `` Invisible '' `` I Survived You '' `` MOAM '' `` Run To Me '' are all the songs for my taste ... I like it .
 And so does this album . This is the first new album I have actually searched for and purchased in about 20 years , and I was SO not disappointed . I took it to work yesterday and listened to it all day , and never got tired of it . Very unusual . There were no songs I wanted to skip , I enjoyed all of them . I had several customers walk into our Gallery during the day , who were thrilled to get a listen , and all responded favorably . The cashier at the grocery store also told me how much she loved Clay and his singing when I ran in for a quick errand . What can I say , Clay , you are fabulous , and I look forward to many more albums from this amazing young man .
 Absolutely ear-delicious ! This CD has to appeal to all ages and is one that you do n't have to censor to let your child or your grandmother listen to . From the upbeat Invisible and Touch to the emotionally charged Measure of a Man , Clay 's wonderful voice and range is demonstrated to perfection . Listen once and you will love it , listen twice and you will be hooked . Some critics have dismissed this fastly approaching platinum CD -LRB- as of day 2 of release -RRB- simply because Clay comes from the TV talent show franchise `` American Idol '' . Talent can be found anywhere and it is about time that vanilla -LRB- which is this case in no way means bland -RRB- music loving Americans have something good to listen to .
 I read the first few reviews on Clay 's CD and I think that the CD is really good , because every song on there is good , not just the first three . and that 's hard to find . Clay showed a lot of magic on the competition of American Idol in his voice and that was toned down on the album which was n't so great . The songs on the album are absolutely clean , the only word that Clay uses that 's sort of slang is `` baby '' and it 's rarely found throughout the album . It 's a very family-friendly album and I feel like I can listen to this for years to come .
 While this is n't `` groundbreaking '' material , it is a collection of songs well suited to the smooth and emotional voice of this unlikely new celebrity . I am amazed to see the amount of reviews of this CD focusing on negativity and arguing back and forth . If `` groundbreaking '' were a requirement for new CD 's , the release list would be awfully short and none of the so-called Biggies would be on it . This CD is terrific music to listen to and just enjoy the clarity of Clay 's voice . The songs are catchy , which is n't always good because I can hear the chorus of `` I Will Carry You '' constantly floating around in my head , but most of all they are just good clean fun , soft and inoffensive . That one word `` inoffensive '' can be interpreted two ways . For me , it 's a good thing because Clay is n't trying to get attention by insulting people . His music is positive and , though slick and sometimes overproduced , leaves me feeling relaxed and entertained when the CD is over . Overall a good effort and worth the money and then some .
 This is one of the best feel good albums of the year . Clay Aiken has come a long way since the geeky days at the begining of American Idol , and this Album shows it.Stand out songs for me are Measure of a Man , and No more sad songs.Go out and buy it Now !
 Clay is an amazing talent . The CD was not what I expected , it was BETTER !! I , personally , am glad that the producers gave Clay new songs that make his voice ` Shine ' . I could not pick a favorite on this CD because every song is spectacular . I was a fan from the first song I heard him sing . I will buy every CD Clay releases , because his voice is new and refreshing . My grandmother , my mom , my 16 yr . old cousin , and my 7 yr . old niece all love Clay . He has a voice that appeals to all ! I would recommend this CD to anyone .
 I anxiously awaited Clay 's first album ... and I was not disappointed . The more you listen to it ... the more you love it . `` No more sad songs '' and `` I survived you '' are great songs of triump over love gone bad . `` Invisible '' , `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' are all hopefully romantic songs while `` When you say you love me '' and `` Perfect Day '' are more upbeat and catchy . I highly recommend this album and wish Clay well with any future endeavours . Congratulations on going double platinum with `` Measure of a Man '' .
 It is evident that the previous reviewer who uses profanity - totally uncalled for - has used this forum to simply bash Clay . He has not purchased the CD nor listened to it . Let 's grow up and use this for the reason it is intended - to review the CD , not bash the artist.The CD is awesome , and as time will tell , cream always rises to the top ...
 It is so nice to listen to clean , non-violent music . Clay 's songs make you want to snuggle up to some one , to hold hands , to dance . I was holding my little grandson when the song `` The Way '' came on . I could n't help but dance with him . There is something about Clay 's voice that attracts people of all ages . It is so nice to have this beautiful music to listen to . I hope that this is just the start of brining beautiful music back onto the radio 's and into people 's hearts and soul . The more you listen to it , the more you will love it ! Listen with your heart and soul . The songs grab you ! BUY BUY BUY !!!
 Throughout the course of American Idol , Clay Aiken never ceased to dazzle me with his amazing voice and performances . His long awaited debut CD is everything I have imagined it would be and more . There are many beautiful ballads on this CD , all of which I love , such as `` Shine '' and `` Measure of A Man , '' as well as some more upbeat songs , like `` Invisible '' and `` When You Say You Love Me . '' Each song shows off his voice and range exceptionally well , and I believe that he will become a force to be reckonned with in the future of the music industry .
 I 've been listening to this CD all week and I 'm surprised at how I really love every song , even the one I was a little iffy on at first which was `` When you say you love me . '' I really , really like `` the way '' and how he sings it . VERY nice . And of course `` Invisible '' and `` This Is The Night '' are tied for my faves . The title track is nice too , but TITN is probably my most favorite because I remember Clay singing the hell out of that song on the show and when I saw him in concert this past summer -LRB- which , by the way , Clay is INCREDIBLE live -RRB- . `` Shine '' is different , but it is very , I do n't know , likeable I guess . I like the line `` hey butterfly open up your weary eyes ... '' . Pop music has really gotten lost in all the fusion and cross-over and it 's really nice to listen to a CD without a `` featuring P Diddy '' or `` with Jay-z '' on it . Just a hint record execs , what was once fresh and new is now predictable and formulaic , even expected . As much as I like hip-hop and rap , it 's getting pretty played out with all the cliches about materialism or with a producer having a shot out on every track , or boasts about how `` hard '' someone is . We need to be inspired , we need our spirits lifted , we need someone to show us how to care and how to make life better for all of us . We need lots more Clay Aiken .
 `` Measure Of A Man '' by Clay Aiken is such an outstanding CD !!! Clay 's voice is so mesmerizing and so appealing . The songs are so rich and clever . This CD is so exciting and entertaining to hear ! What a fabulous voice Clay Aiken has ! You will not be disappointed at all with this CD ! This CD Rocks and Rules !!!
 Clay Aiken has a remarkable voice , unfortunately , the hurried production of his debut CD shows that his new management had n't quite figured out how to deal with his extraordinary talent at the time , as the songs in the album do not do justice to his vocal versatility . The result is an oddly-filtered sounding Aiken singing boy-band pop . He sounds good , but it 's a bit of a shock to Aiken fans who first saw him perform live on television , where his dynamic personality and ability to change up songs make the music especially enjoyable . I was initially a bit disappointed with this CD because of the predominance of pop ballads , but after listening to it several times , the quality of his voice overwhelms the sometimes banality of the lyrics , and I 've come to enjoy all the tracks now . My favorites are `` The Way , '' the sweet love ballad that made me an Aiken fan just two months ago when I saw him perform it on TV , `` I Survived You '' which showcases an edgier side of the `` vanilla '' - labeled singer , `` When You Say You Love Me , '' which shows off his lighthearted side , `` Perfect Day , '' where the clear timber of his voice is just gorgeous , and `` This is the Night , '' the Idol 2 song that probably makes the most of his wide vocal range on this album . Even the tracks with slightly odd lyrics like `` Invisible , '' have grown on me quite a bit over time as I got used to the CD version of his voice instead of the TV version . If you really want to experience Aiken at his recorded finest however , his new CD-single `` The Way/Solitaire '' is an additional must buy , because `` Solitaire '' is where Aiken 's voice really shines in its full glory . `` Measure of a Man '' is decent for a debut album of an artist so new to the industry ; easy and fun to listen to once you stop comparing the sound to the singer 's TV performances .
 I love the CD . Have listened to it over and over . His voice is unbelievable . Also the new single is great . Solitaire is the best version ever done .
 After seeing Clays rendition of Solitaire on AI3 last night -LRB- 3-17-04 -RRB- it cemented the reality that CLAY IS ONE OF THE MOST TALENTED MALE SINGERS ON THE PLANET ! This cd , Measure of a Man is really good , and some of the songs are great . Ideally you should buy this cd , then rush out and buy the single that has The Way and Solitaire on it . You will be blown away!If some of the musical greats -LRB- Elvis Presley , Frank Sinatra , Sammy Davis Jr. , Dean Martin -RRB- were alive right now , I think they , as the rest of us are , would be in awe of Clays talent.Don ' t throw your money away on no-talent people like Britney Spears or Justin Timberlake . Support Clay Aiken . We need him to be around for many years to come . We are lucky to be able to hear his gorgeous voice.Thank you Clay , for gifting your fans with your talent ! We appreciate it !
 This is one of my favorite CD 's that I have . Every single song is worth listening to . Of course there will be favorite but you wo n't want to skip over any of them .
 Clay Aiken has a wonderful soothing clear powerful voice . His CD is upbeat and fresh without all the usual sexual overtones found in most songs . I would n't label it as romantic , but it deals with relationship issues . It 's an excellent CD to listen to in the car before work or while doing things around the house . It 's one you can let you kids listen to without wondering what they might hear . With Clive Davis producing you can expect even greater things from Clay in the future .
 I am not usually a fan of pop music -LRB- I am more of an alt-rock fan -RRB- , but will be so long as Clay Aiken keeps singing . I 'll admit I was a huge American Idol 2 fan , routing for Clay all the way , but it was n't until I heard him perform on Good Morning America -LRB- in October -RRB- that I knew I had to have this CD . When I received it as a gift shortly thereafter from a coworker , I new I was in love ! I am thrilled with Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken . This pop album is a collection of passionate tunes I have surrendered to playing over and over again . His voice is vulnerable , yet rich and powerful . So much so , that when he belts out lines from songs like Perfect Day and Run to Me , I can feel every word and get completely lost in his beautiful voice . Perfect Day is the perfect song to showcase Clay Aiken 's talent . It was that song that made me pay attention upon the first listen , now I love every song and think I know every word and note -LRB- I can be seen driving on the NJ Turnpike belting the entire album -RRB- . Whether all of the songs compiled on this album reflect the true Clay Aiken or not , I still buy into it . He sells every song 100 % . He sings with sensitivity , sensuality , and a raw wistful longing that I have n't heard in a long time . The songs are filled with emotion and romance -LRB- Perfect Day , Run to Me , Shine , and This Is The Night , notably -RRB- , albeit a little sappy at times -LRB- When You Say You Love Me , The Way -RRB- . There are a couple of songs I am not quite as impressed with , although that has little to do with Clay Aiken 's performance and more to do with the songwriters ' and producers ' choices -LRB- I Survived You , When You Say You Love Me -RRB- . Overall , I will take all I can get from someone who is not like anyone else currently on the music scene . His voice has awakened the die - hard romantic within me and I hope that this CD is the first of many of Clay Aiken 's that I can sing with again and again !
 Of course , MEASURE OF A MAN will not appeal to everyone , but it does to me . Once you listen to it , you might agree that it is the Best Pop Album of 2003 . I ca n't stop playing it !! If you have ever seen any of Clay 's performances , he is smiling practically the whole time . To me this means he is enjoying himself and he wants you to join in . It seems so natural , not phony in any way.That is what I think of this CD - the music is very uplifting , and it makes me smile ! It is a feel-good album . So , if you want to smile while your listening to this fantastic voice , and just be in awe of it , then MOAM is for you .
 I think this is a great debut album from one of the latest Idol alums . I bought this CD on its release date , and I have to admit that the first time I listened to it , I was n't sure that I liked it -- but how many times has anyone listened to a new album and been totally blown away on the first listen ? Then I listened to it a second time , and the songs started to grow on me -- and I spent the entire afternoon listening to the album repeatedly . His music/lyrics have a kind of Michael Bolton/Barry Manilow feel to them -- so if you do n't like that type of music genre , you probably wo n't enjoy this CD . Some reviewers have noted that the songs seem similar and seem to blend into one another -- and I agree that the songs have a similar sound to them , but it does n't prevent me from enjoying them -- over and over ! I truly like all of the tracks , but if I had to pick out some favorites , they 'd be
 I watched Clay Aiken on American Idol , but I really was n't a big fan -LRB- Kim Locke fan here -RRB- . His song choices were terrible and he did tend to oversing and overenunciate . Surprisingly , there is no overenunciating and he hits the power notes when needed . The songs are not all that great , but that 's not his fault . In my opinion , he sounds better and sexier when recorded . It begins and ends with something uptempo , proving he 's learned his lesson from going heavy on the ballads . There are a few of those here . Run To Me and Measure of a Man are the biggest ballads on here , but they are n't sweeping . The Way is the best ballad . Surprisingly , he sounds very soulful and understated . Perfect Day is very catchy and fun . It has a Beatles/McCartney sound . This song or Touch should be his next single . Clay strays a little from normal and goes for a country pop sound in When You Say You Love Me . Not the best song on the album , but he proves his versatilty . No More Sad Songs is a midtempo rock ballad . His voice is hardened and more raw than anything else on the cd . It 's not the album of the year , but it 's very good . Clay has tendency to constantly reinvent himself . Maybe he will on the next one .
 THIS ALBUM IS WONDERFUL . I WAS A CLAY FAN FROM THE MOMENT HE SANG HIS FIRST SONG . WHAT A VOICE !!! THERE ARE ALOT OF CLAY FANS IN MY AREA , AND WE WERE DEVASTATED WHEN HE WAS THE RUNNER UP ON IDOL.WITH NO DISRESPECT TO RUBEN , CLAY SHOULD HAVE WON .
 I am crazy about this cd . I got it today . Thanks Amazon for your quick service . My favorite songs are Perfect Day and Shine . They are brilliant songs with a beautiful message . Clay 's voice soars in strength and sicerity . Do n't miss this album !
 The anticipation is finally over ! Clay 's debut album has finally been released , and I 'm sure Claymates from far and wide were wondering if his album would truly hit the mark on the charts . Well , One thing 's for sure ... it 's hit its mark on me ! I ca n't stop listening to it ! I bought it the very day of its release and listened to it on the way home . The songs are catchy , and very personal . Each song evoked a particular emotion in me , and I felt that each song kind of `` spoke '' to me . Each song is a major piece of ear-candy , and you can pretty much know the songs after the first few times you listen to it . This album is a winner and I believe that it will be a chart topper for weeks to come . I do n't know about you , but I am already anxious for his next album ! :P So , a message so all the Claymates out there
 This is an absolutely amazing CD of clay 's ! This is a MUST BUY ! If I could , I would have given this CD 6 stars .
 I thought Clay 's single was good , but this is the best cd ever ! Ofcourse I am and always have been a huge Clay fan , ever since i first saw him , but this cd blew me away ! I love Clay Aiken !
 Well , all I can say is you did not disappoint , Clay ! Having been a big fan of AI I was anxious to get the new CD and let the magic unfold ! There 's not a track that is n't worth listening to and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys the lite-pop/soft rock genre ! WELL DONE !
 This cd leaves me speechless , breathless , just amazed . Clay 's voice has matured so much since his first audition and this cd emphasizes this . The songs are beautiful . It 's worth every penny and every second of waiting and more !!!!! go buy it !!! :D :D : D
 Just got the album today and have been listening to it in the car , on the computer ... Clay just blows me away with his voice . Funny thing is many of the songs do n't even sound like the Clay we love and know from American Idol . He sounds so polished and wonderful on this album . I love the one song called When You Say You Love Me ... it has a country feel to it . Its got a great compilation of songs and I think there will be a number of hits off this CD . By the way , I 'm over 40 and love this CD .
 After much wait and anticipation , I finally got to listen to his debut CD `` Measure of a Man '' , WOW !! FANTASTIC !! , AMAZING !! I love every single songs on it . It is pop , rock , some up-tempo , some slower , some country like , soulful , strong and bold , soft and delicate ... all in one . It should appeal to a wide audience.It 's hard to pick a favorite , I especially like Measure of a Man with wonderful lyrics and showcase his voice very well . I also like Touch , very sexy and with a Latin beat . The Way , so soft and sweet , Invisible , a rocker and very catchy.Shine and Perfect Day are different but still excellent . I can go on and on , but they are all wonderful . Check it out for yourself.Clay has evolved from just singing ballards into singing more rock/pop and edgier songs . He has the richest , most supple and amazing voice in the music industry and will be around for a long time . I am anxiously waiting for his concert .
 This album is amazing . I ca n't stop listening to it . Some people think I like it just becuase im a Clay fan . Well , thats not all of it . The songs are just awesome too . Clay makes it better ! AWESOME . . GO GET IT
 Clay 's voice has matured so much since his first audition and you can hear that on this cd . This is clay at his best . You can hear every emotion in every note of his voice !! Absolutely worth everything !! Even better that live ... well almost ! ;p If you only buy one cd a year , make it this one ... it 's perfect !
 This CD is amazing ! As if Clay 's voice was n't sensational enough , you can really tell how hard he 's been working on these songs . You would think he 's been professional his whole life ! This CD is a must have . Clay is the American Idol .
 I can not even put into words how wonderful this cd is ! Every single track is perfect and it is a must have for everyone ! Clay is a fantstic artist and he will be around for a long time to prove his talent !
 Rarely does an album come along that is `` solid '' from beginning to end . Every song on the album is great -LRB- and I 'm just your average Clay fan -RRB- . Seriously , the production is great , the songwriters did a great job , and Clay is Clay . He connects on each song . I am thinking that songs like `` I Will Carry You '' , `` The Way , `` I Survived You '' and `` Touch '' will be classics -LRB- along with Invisible and This is The Night -RRB- . Did I forget `` Perfect Day '' , and , of course , Measure of a Man ...
 All I can say is WOW ! I think this is the best CD I have ever owned . All the songs are wonderful . I have already listened to it several times today .
 After hearing some of the other `` hits '' produced by AI `` stars '' I was concerned that Clay may end up screaming instead of singing . I 'm very impressed and liked every song on the CD ... LOVED over half . Apparently Clay can sing almost anything and do it well . I hope the second album will be out SOON and also hope there 'll be an `` oldies '' album in the future . Clay is the most incredible talent I 've heard in many years . WAY TO GO , CLAY !
 this album is completely amazing ! I 'm not sure why it came out sooner than Ruben 's , but boy is it doing well ! It 's # 1 on Amazon , while Ruben 's is # 87 ! I did n't even know Clay 's album was out today , until I saw his cute little face looking at me in the Walmart isle ! All I can say is congrats to Clay , because he did a fabulous job !
 This HIGHLY anticipated album did n't fulfill all my expectations -LRB- I thought there were going to be more fast songs -RRB- , but nevertheless , I give it 5 stars . His voice is truly captivating and the songs are n't full of crappy lyrics and actually speak to people . I absolutely love the songs `` Measure Of A Man '' and `` I Survived You '' ... if you do n't have it , I suggest that you get it . It will be the best 12 bucks you 've ever spent . -LRB- shh ! Do n't tell anyone , but ... I got it at Wal-Mart for $ 10.57 ! -RRB-
 Well , typically I buy very few new artist cds because they only have one to three songs that I like and I have to skip over the rest . NOT Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man . Every song is `` listenable . '' He definitely has more than two hits on this DEBUT album . Excellent and exciting .
 I have been following Clay ever since he first blew everyone away with his amazing vocals at his audition . Now after beating out of thousands and thousands of american idol hopefulls and coming in at 2nd place , he 's got a new album that will totally blow you away . Titled `` Measure of a Man '' , it has 12 songs that you just ca n't skip one of them at all . From the starting track `` Invisible '' to the last track , `` Touch '' , it 's nothing but wonderfully written songs along with Clay 's amazing voice that gives you chills every time you hear him sing . It 's not as upbeat like Kelly Clarkson 's `` Miss Independant '' , but still has the hooks and beats to keep you listening . His first single , `` This is the Night '' is featured as a bonus track . Be sure to pick up `` Measure of a Man '' . I guarantee you will love it from beginning to the end . Even if Clay was not your choice as the American Idol , you should still check it out . You will not be disappointed . Congrats to Clay on an amazing album !!!
 Clay has one of the most moving and true voices in music today . For the true Clay fan and those who love good pop music , this album will definitely not disappoint . Clay 's talent shines on songs like `` The Way '' , `` Shine '' , and the title song . He 's got crossover appeal and a voice that speaks to the heart . I can not wait to see how fast this album goes platinum ! Applause !
 Great CD ! All the songs are great . Definitely worth buying .
 Title says it all . Clay Aiken truly is a Measure of a Man . His voice is exceptional . All of his tracks invoke a feeling of peace and occasionally melancholy . Here 's what I thought of the tracks seperately .1 . Invisible ~ By far the best track on the CD . Clay 's awesome voice really shows its range here . This is the song that people were singing along to even before the CD was released . 5/52 . I Will Carry You ~ Another song similar in style to Invisible . This song is basically about being there for someone . Its great . 5/53 . The Way ~ This song is a little weird . His voice fluctuates quite a bit . It shows he has range , but sounds really weird . 4/54 . When You Say You Love Me ~ Almost better than Invisible . He does the almost-rock thing here . Great song . Sure to be a hit . 5/55 . No More Sad Songs ~ Very unique . He sings about not singing sad songs and this is a rather somber song , with a little rock thrown in . Pretty good . 4.5 / 56 . Run to Me ~ Meh . Its mediocre . I usually skip it . 3/57 . Shine ~ Another great one . Sounds funky at first , then gets faster . And coincidentally , better . 5/58 . I Survived You ~ Sounds like its gon na be like Run to Me at first . Then it really surprises you . Good song . 4.5 / 59 . This is the Night ~ Well , judge this one yourselves . His first big hit and single . Good , but I got tired of it after hearing it so much . 4/510 . Perfect Day ~ Awesome . Beautiful . The Perfect song . Like a combination of Invisible and I Will Carry You . Another Clay Aiken favorite . 5/511 . Measure of a Man ~ A touching song that is so true . About measuring a man -LRB- or woman -RRB- on material things . Is this how you Measure a Man ? Great song . Love it . 5/512 . Touch ~ Good song . Have n't listened to it much though . I do know that its pretty good . 5/5
 My Amazon.com order has n't even shipped yet ... still , I ran out and got a copy of Clay 's new cd . This CD is more than worth a wait , but I could n't wait ! Clay 's debut album lives up to absolutely every possible expectation I could have dreamed ... Clay is truly coming into his own in the music world . He IS and always will be MY American Idol . Title or not , he truly epitomizes what an American Idol is and this CD proves he was worth every vote . If you are a Clay fan or even if you 're not sure you like him , you MUST own this CD . Invisible , his new single , is fantastic ... upbeat , exciting and powerful . Songs like Perfect Day , Measure of a Man and Shine just prove Clay to be the all-around vocal virtuoso he strives to be . Clay Aiken , the real American Idol ... and the debut CD all artists will idolize.Clay ... if you 're reading this and still need a date to the AMAs ... I 'm your girl : -RRB-
 I just bought the CD today and I LOVE it !!! All of the songs are absolutely amazing . Clay 's voice is perfect . The song `` Measure of a Man '' is my favorite on the CD . It gives me goosebumps every time I hear it . You will NOT regret it if you buy this CD !!
 This cd is nifty sweet ... i dig all the songs ... but mostly i like I survived you & i will carry you . THose are the ones that most often get stuck in my head . Everyone , this is a must buy cd !!!
 This album is awesome . Keep up the good work Clay you are the real american idol . All the songs are great !!!!
 After listening to Clay Aiken 's new CD `` Measure of a Man '' I was totally amazed and blown away . The power and emotion that this young man sings with is mind boggling !!! I can not stop listening to this CD !! I am so happy for Clay Aiken 's success ! I am also so thankful for a young artist who wants to set the right example in the music that he sings.Thank you !!!!
 This Album is awesome ! Measure of Man has a catchy beat , as well as Perfect Day . Invisible is fun . Touch has the best chance of getting radio play . Hearing This is the Night reminded me why this single was the best selling of 2003 . I Survived you , an anthem to anyone who has had a broken heart . Shine is fun , uplifting . The Way , an awesome love song . -LRB- one of Clay 's Favs too ! -RRB- When You Say You Love Me , sounds a little country but good ! Clay is absolutely incredible ! I love you , CLAY !
 Clay Aiken IS the American Ideal . This is the best CD that has ever been released . Clay 's voice is amazing on every song , his quality , pitch , sweetness , strength , range - this man can sing . Clay 's voice is perfect . The songs are fun , catchy tunes - a perfect album for a perfect vocalist - the almost perfect man
 Clay Aiken has one of the most beautiful voices that God has ever given anyone -- the very reason I gave this CD 5 stars . The songs are typical pop , mostly love songs or lost love songs , which I happen to like , but Clay 's voice is what makes them so enjoyable . I 'm reminded of the pop ballads that Peter Cetera is known for recording . I only purchased `` Measure of a Man '' today so it is difficult to choose favorite cuts but I am enjoying `` Invisible '' and the title track , `` Measure of a Man . '' I do wish someone had offered him a couple of `` old standards '' to include on the CD -- his voice is just so wonderful on those as evidenced by his performance of `` Mack the Knife '' on AI . I would also loved to have seen a Diane Warren song on here -- something Clay could have used that big voice on , something he truly could have made his own . I guess what I 'm saying is that a bit of variety would have made me like the CD even more . All that said , I 've never heard a voice like Clay 's . His voice is just so clear , rich and perfect . Truly , he is blessed with remarkable talent . It is impossible for me not to love this CD and I know I will listen to it often . I hope this is the first of many more Clay Aiken CDs to come . I can easily see him becoming the male version of Celine Dion -- and that is a good thing !
 I approached `` Measure Of A Man '' with trepidation after his -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- `` drowned out '' version of Bridge Over Troubled Water '' single . I was pleasantly surprised by this cd . I enjoy each and every selection on this new album . Gauging by this cd , I am looking forward to his future works . I really love the emotion he sings with here and how his voice comes through so beautifully . It is a great first effort . I will recommend it to others .
 I knew this would be more than a typical cd . It has more meaning than most pop cds . Compare this Clay to the likes of the world 's most popular artists , ie , Justin , Britney , even going back to * NSYNC , and one will find that Clay has more depth and range than any recent artist . His songs are not bubble-gum , not by a long shot . They have so much meaning . They are all song beautifully and I guarantee you can listen to this through and through , over and over again . His voice is so soothing , the songs so beautifully written . He is definitely going places with this cd . He is no longer a part of the American Idol franchise . He has been able to break away from that and start his own path . Congrats Clay .
 I attended a CD Release party last night and got a copy of Clay 's beautiful new CD Album at midnight , and I have to say it has been playing almost constantly ever since it absolutely blew me away . I can not choose a favorite song as each time a new one starts I say `` Oh , that 's my favorite '' and it is until the next one starts.GO CLAY GO !!!! Perfection is hard to beat.Thank you for doing each of these songs , now waiting impatiently for his second album to be made . Wonderful !!!!!!
 This cd is really good and definetly deserves all five stars ! I have yet to find a bad song of his . Its has songs that are not like each other and I promise you 'll find a song you can call your own ; -RRB-
 This is Clay 's Debut album , and it is just wonderful . It 's a terrific pop album , and I 'm so excited about it ! I ca n't believe it 's Clay !
 There is a reason why Measure of a Man was # 1 in Amazon pre-sales for weeks . In a word
 I am a hard core Clay fan but was nervous about the album and what it would contain etc but I am so so so thrilled with this album . He has risen above the American Idol cheese and really shown amazing range etc here.LOVE IT !
 All of us who admire Clays beautiful voice and talented way of entertaining us will absolutely love his first CD . One of his new songs , `` The Way '' is also sure to hit the top charts . Its a beautiful love song . I 'm sure you will not be disappointed . Also there are so many others that I keep listening too that I think will go straight to the top . He is so blessed with such talent .
 I rarely like all the songs on a single CD , but I genuinely LIKE these songs . I particularly like `` Measure of a Man '' for it 's message , but moreso for the sincerity Clay puts behind it . `` Touch '' is also a favorite of mine.Clays voice and phrasing are flawless . If I had to criticize I 'd have to say the production value in the music itself could be taken up a notch or two to shine as much as Clay 's voice . I 'm hoping Clay has more control of his second project . I 'm getting my money 's worth out of this CD though.If you 're having a bad day or a good day just put in `` Measure of a Man '' and your day will get better .
 The album was definitely not a disappointment for me , in fact , I still ca n't stop listening to it . The range and power of his voice just takes my breath away . At times , though , the background music seems to overpower his voice . But , overall , it 's very pleasant listening and well worth the price . I would highly recommend this CD .
 THIS YOUNG MAN IS WITHOUT A DOUBT THE HOTTEST NEW ARTIST TO COME ALONG IN A LONG TIME.AFTER SEEING WHAT JUSTIN AND JANET JACKSON DID AT THE HALF TIME SHOW AT THE SUPER BOWL , ITS NICE TO SEE A HUGE TALENT COME ALONG THAT CAN ACTUALLY SING . IT SEEMS THAT THE NORM IS TO SEE WHO CAN PUSH THE ENVELOPE MORE AND STILL GET AWAY WITH IT.WHAT WILL THEY DO NEXT TO GET PUBLICITY IN ORDER TO SELL RECORDS . I DO HAVE A BONE TO PICK WITH JON FROM MI . JON HAS MADE A NUMBER OF STATEMENTS ABOUT CLAY AIKEN IN HIS REVIEW . THE LENGTHS THAT PERSONS SUCH AS JON GO TO TO TARNISH A MANS REPUTATION . I FOR ONE THINK THAT HIS STATEMENTS ARE WITHOUT ANY TRUTH IN THEM AND THAT JON AS WELL AS OTHERS ARE OUT TO DERAIL CLAY AIKENS SUCCESSS . CLAY AIKEN WILL BE A HUGE STAR AND BE LOVED BY ALL AGES FOR A VERY LONG TIME . CLAY WILL CONTINUE TO MAKE HIT RECORDS AND MEAN NASTY PEOPLE WILL CONTINUE TRYING TO BRING HIM DOWN .
 I 've had this CD since it first came out , and I was suprised to find that I had n't written a review for it . It 's a pop CD which I do n't normally listen to that genre anymore but I make an exception for Clay . -LRB- I am usually more country/accoustic rock folk if that helps to give you a better idea of where I am coming from . -RRB- Clay has an amazing voice and that is shown on this album . A couple songs have lyrics that are kinda cheezy , but so does every other pop album out there . Having said that , I truly love every song on the album , and I have n't gotten tired of listening to it 2 years or so later . That 's the part that I really want to stress - I can listen to every song , love them , and not be sick of it . There are n't many albums out there that you can say that about . Hope that helps !
 This outstanding CD by the multi-talented CLAY AIKEN is the best and the greatest and the most enjoyable , exciting , and entertaining CD I have ever listened to , bought , and owned . I have been listening to it everyday on my CD player , since October 2003 , when it arrived at stores and at amazon.com . Clay Aiken 's singing has so much emotion , passion , and power . No other American Idol contestant has ever come close to Clay Aiken 's talent and no other American Idol contestant ever will because Clay Aiken 's singing is so unique and is in a class by himself . Clay Aiken 's voice is so mesmerizing that it takes you to another place ; it is one-of-a-kind .
 This CD never ceases to amaze me , Clay 's voice shines through with all these songs . His unique voice is able to touch the heart and soul within the lyrics . He hits his notes with incredible confidence and says them with emotion and heart . His voice and lyrics are inspirational and make you love Clay more than you thought possible ! Once you listen to Measure of a Man you will be a Clay Aiken fan for a long time , because it will take your breath away.-Kelly PatrickiNsAnEcLaYmAtE4eVeR@yahoo.com
 If you 're not a fan of Clay Aiken , then there 's definately something wrong with you ! His popular song , `` Invisible '' , always puts me in a good mood . Usually , it gets stuck in my head , but that 's a good thing !!! All of Clay 's other songs are awesome , too ! So , rush to the store right now and buy `` measure of a man '' !!!
 Clay Aiken is just amazing . Really , he is . This whole CD is just KICK BUTT and shows how much better than Ruben he is . Clay 's voice is just magical and outstanding . And I really love his whole transformation from geek with an amazing voice to heart-throb with an amazing voice.This CD is a must have . You will definitely enjoy it . I listen to his songs repetitively and yet I never seem to get bored of them .
 i love this album ... he 's now become a big male superstar in my heart ... i love everysong in this cd , his voice so strong , emotional , sweet ... i espeacially love THE WAY ... the best song in the album ...
 The best CD of 2003 . Wow ... every song on this CD still as good as the first time over and over again . The songs that you do n't hear on the radio are just as good as the others , which is very rare . Clay has a good range of vocals , and he has a good personality ; you can even tell by listening to this CD . No cuss words or sexual content which is hard to find in a good quality CD . I have watched Clay while he was on American Idol , and watched him improve every week . Measure of a Man really shows America that he can live up to , even surpass all of their expectations for him . I love you Clay ! Triple Platinum - The fans have spoken .
 How can you describe talent such as is exhibited in Mr. Clay Aiken ? His CD is the one of the best CD 's I own and may ever own . His voice is absolutely spectacular and WOW does he have charisma ! I have not stopped listening to his CD ever since I purchased it the day it was released . His voice is soothing and relaxing to listen to ! I am so looking forward to his next CD . After all , how often is it that you around to witness the beginnings of a superstar ! I am glad it happened in my lifetime ! Clay - You are the best !
 When was the last time you purchased a CD and loved every song on it ? That long huh ? Clay Aiken 's Measure of Man is filled with outstanding songs . Once you listen it will be hard to pick a favorite , but if I had to it would be between track 3 or track 10 , The Way and Perfect Day . I purchased this CD after reading all the reviews , and it has n't been out of my CD player since . This is a must have , you wo n't be disappointed , you will be glad you bought this one . His brilliant voice is truly remarkable !
 You know , it 's great to finally have someone on the public eye who truly a gifted musician , who is actually a nice person and who is concerned with maintaining a positive image for kids . People have come to love Clay Aiken not only for his music , but for who he is in relation to his music ... someone congruent with his music ! Clay is bright , soulful and human ... as is his music . If you do n't buy another album this year ... this is THE ONE to buy ! I love it more each time I hear it ! This young man is the greatest thing to happen to pop music in YEARS and I hope he can retain his true `` sense of self '' - it 's part of his MAGIC !
 Each time I listen to MOAM I find I like it better . Some songs immediately I felt were hits , Invisible , The Way , Touch and others have grown on me like Perfect Day I Will Carry You . I know I love listening to all of them now and each has it 's individuality . Clay 's voice shows all the emotion and tone we are used to . I hope his next album will showcase more of his lower notes . He is a breath of fresh air to the music industry and I hope will be entertaining us for years .
 If you are a fan , not only of Clay Aiken but also his music style , you will love his CD . The simple , yet powerful lyrics are easy to listen . A relaxing CD , not vulgar or provocative like the music you listen nowadays .
 I love Clay and I like this cd , but it 's not as awesome as it could be . It does n't show off his voice which is a shame . He has the most beautiful voice I have ever heard and that is missing on this cd . Hopefully , his next cd will be better .
 `` Measure of a Man '' is truly one of 2003 's best pop albums , thanks in large part to its brilliant production , fabulous songs -LRB- not a clunker in the bunch -RRB- , and , of course , the amazing voice of Clay Aiken.Hard to pick a favorite , but the title track is worth the price of the album in my opinion.As I write , this CD is # 1 on the charts . Clay , you are destined for a long and successful career , and this wonderful album is just the beginning !!!
 I had wrote a review the day I got the CD ... I only gave it 4 stars , saying that the producers stole the 5th star from him by giving him somewhat childish songs ... Im taking that back . After listening for the 100th time it seems ... I find that all the songs are great ! I do agree with some of the reviews that we would like to have some song with a little more edge to them ... in any event ... Im not paying any attention the reviews that are nasty towards him . . ie the Ruben lovers who just feel the need to be mean . I didnt really care for Rubens style of music , I thought his voice was a bit ordinary but I would never give a review that stabs anywhere other than the music ... personal attacks are not welcome and childish.Buy this CD and you will be happy .
 I wanted Clay Aikens to win American Idol !!! This is Clay 's first album , and it 's wonderful of course .
 Wow , this guy has a great voice . Some of the songs are questionable . He could 've used a little help with some of the writing , but his awesome voice totally makes up for it . Measure of a Man is definitely the best song on this CD and I wonder why it was n't considered as a single . It 's definitely a cd to pick up though .
 I love this CD there is n't a song that I skip over because I do n't like it . If you like good pop songs and are tired of the rap and hip hop that is out there you 'll like this CD .
 I ca n't get enough of this CD . I am a BIG Clay Aiken fan , so I was prepared to like it . But , even with my favorite performers there are always songs I love and songs I skip over . Well , on this CD I do n't skip over any songs ! They are all incredible . He makes you feel like he is singing directly to you ! His voice is masterful and knowing a bit about the person behind the music makes one like him even more ! I had to buy two to have one in my car and one in my purse -LRB- in my portable cd player -RRB- ! I ca n't wait until the next one !
 I voted for him all the way when he was on American Idol . I just LOVE his voice ! When I saw that he was coming out with a cd , I could n't wait to get it . I finally received it today , and WOW ! It 's incredible . My favorite song has to be `` Invisible . '' `` I Will Carry You '' is also an awesome tune . I ca n't wait until his next cd comes out . Keep up the good work Clay !
 Well , Clay 's long-awaited CD , The Measure of a Man , was certainly well worth the wait . I absolutely love it and am sure it will jump to the top of the charts . `` Invisible '' is already enjoying some good air time . Clay 's voice is beautiful and I know he is headed for even bigger stardom . Keep up the excellent work , Clay . You have so many fans , of all ages , who believe in you and truly believe you were the rightful American Idol of Season # 2 .
 This cd is great . Some people think that this `` is n't Clay '' but I think he does a GREAT job on the cd ! I love pretty much every song on this album . I would only skip a couple songs , and I would only do that if I was n't in the mood . `` Touch '' would probably be the one I skip the most . CLAY LOVERS ... THIS IS A GREAT BUY !
 I read somewhere sombody called Clay Aiken `` Barry Manilow with less talent '' . Anyone who thinks that needs to have their ears cleaned out . My dad has Ultimate Manilow . I went and compared Barry Manilow to Clay Aiken and there is no comparison . The just look a little bit alike . Clay Aiken has more powerful vocals and a very strong voice . He is one of the best vocalists America has ever seen . Pick up a copy of this cd and spread the word ! It 's so amazing
 I 'm in the 40 + age group with young children . I actually love this album and and believe that it has the potential to generate a number of top 40 hits . I absolutely adore `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` The Way '' . Although the album is very `` pop-oriented , '' it 's wonderful.Wonderful CD Clay . Thank you for making me feel `` young '' again ! You bring a smile to my lips !
 No matter what songs are on this CD , I would have purchased it because I love Clay so much . He is by far one of the most talented people I have heard in a long time . I do agree with some other posters that this CD does n't show Clay 's full potential . I was disappointed that the full length version of Solitare was not on this CD as previously thought . I am however happy that there are no songs that he has sung before accept for This is the Night which sounds great on this CD . I say , let Neil Sedaka have a shot at the next CD . He is bound to bring out the true Clay talent that we know is there . I do still love this CD and listen to it over and over . I think it is refreshing and a must listen for todays youth as it is the cleanest music I have heard in a long time .
 I am a 53 yr . old mother of 4 , grandmother of 5 who has n't bought a CD since the 1960 's !!! I absolutely love Clay Aiken - his VOICE , and everything that he stands for too !!! He is the perfect role model for our young children and young adults . THAT being said , I love his new CD - Measure of a Man . I 've bought multiple copies of it this week ... one for the car , one for the kitchen , one for the computer , and several for gifts ! His songs are spectacular ... love The Way best , with Measure of a Man coming in a close second ! My 4-yr . old granddaughter and my husband and I just ride and ride in the car listening to Clay ! It 's so nice that different generations can enjoy Clay 's music - together !! This album is much different than what he sang on American Idol - and I love it every bit as much ! I intend to support this young man as long as he keeps singing for us , and I selfishly wish him a long and successful career !!! My thoughts and prayers are with you , Clay .
 I agree with the Billboard Magazine reviewer who called this album `` the best pop album of 2003 '' and `` timeless . '' Clay can sing , and in this first album he has been given some great songs . Buy it - if you love pop music with melodies , glory notes and rhythm this is the one . There is not a single song on this CD I do n't like .
 This is a well produced CD . The songs fit Clay 's voice perfectly . His voice will totally relax you and bring the fresh air into the room . You will love this CD whenever and wherever you are lying in the bed , sitting in the couch , walking along the street , or dancing in the party .
 Clay Aiken 's CD is great . He is very talented and has an amazing voice . The music industry is very lucky to have him . The songs are great and reflect many issues in life . There are fast songs as well as ballads . I think this is one of the best CDs I have listened to . I totally recommend it .
 Clay your God given talent has blessed you again ! The way in which you sing the words to the songs is SUPERB ! I am a lady in her late forties and throughly have enjoyed this CD . I am recommending this to all my friends . Keep up the good work ! I will be looking for your next endeavor . I also enjoyed reading all your one liners on the inside cover -- alpha/omega . All things are truly possible with HIM . Bless you Clay !!!
 Clay Aiken is a breath of fresh air to the music industry.Every song on this CD is a # 1 hit . I love them all.My favorites and I think that most will find their favorites too are I Will Carry You , The Way and Measure of a Man.The Way could be the # 1 ballad of the year . It is so gorgeous and powerful.Measure of a Man.I also like No More Sad Songs , Touch and Perfect Day .
 In this CD you will find love , dreams and healing of your heart . It is a beautiful as the man who sings all these wonderful , catcy , passionate and heart touching songs . The music is a perfect compliment.My favorite song Shine is so motivating and healing to my heart . My best friend passed away this year from Leukemia and my father was just diagnosed with Cancer . I felt like I just wanted to stay in bed and not deal with life . This song made me think that it is part of life and feel so much better.Don ' t miss it !
 WHEN I PUT THE C.D. . IN THE PLAYER TO LISTEN , I WAS BLOWN AWAY ! I KNEW HE HAD A WONDERFULLY POWERFUL VOICE , BUT THIS EXCEEDED ALL EXPECTATIONS . EVERY SINGLE SONG ON THIS ALBUM IS PERFECTION !
 Clay Aiken comes out with a solid first effort . The only problem here is not Clay . My beef is with the RCA technical team . Do n't mess with the voice and do n't let the music overpower the voice . I think RCA had problems with letting Clay 's voice be the star here , but it still comes out better than ever . If you know Clay Aiken from that silly American Idol show , you know that he has a pure , powerful voice with a multi octave range . The material in this cd does not really allow him to explore his range much . He works his way around that problem and does really good with the material he does have . If you are looking for that deep voiced richness , turn on No More Sad Songs , Run To Me , and Measure of a Man . The power and passion in those songs are so great ! If you 're looking for lighter fluff , turn on Invisible or When You Say You Love Me . Believe me , those songs will get in your head and wo n't go away . If you want some rockier stuff where he gets to explore his range also , check out Perfect Day , No More Sad Songs , I Will Carry You . Ok , this is a great first CD , but I hope they will let Clay explore his range on the next CD . Hey RCA ! We know he has it .
 At first I was just neutral about the CD . Some songs were great while a few I felt were geared to the teenie bop generation . After listening to the CD about 50 times so far . . -LRB- Im addicted to it -RRB- ... anyway , after listening to it so many times Ive gotten to the point where I love every song on there . Some songs dont fit in to any particular genre but there are some that will be played on the radio and a lot Im sure . This CD is well worth it . He is so talanted . My CD player broke last night and Im feeling the effects of withdrawel as we speak .
 What can you say about the greatest singer in music today ? I watched him from Day 1 of his audition for AI and was dazzled by his voice and innocent charm . He has matured dramatically and is so much in the public eye . From singing the National Anthem at Game 1 of the World Series , to his AMA nomination , the sky is the limit for Clay . The `` Measure of a Man '' is a beautiful collection of songs that no one could sing like Clay . And he lost to Ruben ... where 's Ruben ?
 Clay Aiken , our American Idol , has finally debuted an outstanding work of well-crafted anthems of love songs and catchy , pop melodies that Clay delivers with a powerful voice . `` The Way '' is a soothing song with a moody chorus . Same with lead single , `` Invisible , '' which was written by Swedish uber-pop balladier Andreas Carlsson -LRB- Britney Spears/Backstreet Boys -RRB- -- a perfect example of Clay at his very best , vocally.Other noteworthy songs include the biggest selling single of 2003 , `` This Is The Night , '' personal favorites `` Perfect Day '' , the infectious beats of `` Touch '' and `` I Survived You . '' Any of these songs can be potential hit singles.Clay 's personal favorite , `` Measure Of A Man '' is a piano ballad with a great message.Also included in the CD is a medium-sized poster . If you are an American Idol fan , especially a Clay fan since the beginning , when you first saw the nerd with glasses with the shell necklace , purchase this CD . It is really worth your money.Measure Of A Man Shows Clay is an outstanding artist with a great future .
 I bought this cd immediately because I watched some of AI2 and was mesmerized by Clay Aiken 's voice . Truthfully , I did n't expect much at first , as it seemed to be a hurriedly put out album . -LRB- I expected it to be cover after cover . -RRB- But , the first time I listened to MOAM , I was impressed ! To those who criticise the lack of `` edginess '' , you can get all the `` edginess '' you can bear from some of the rest of those `` artists '' out there ... So going on two months later , where is that cd ? In my home , my car , my husband 's car ... you get the picture . Clay should win a grammy for this cd !
 As I work on my computer I 've been listening to VH1 . There are many great songs out there , unfortunately , very few artists who can carry a whole album . So often you buy an album and find your self skipping tracks to get to the few songs you like . This album is not like that . While the songs are not great songs , they are all great to listen to . I find them running through my head during the day and sometimes when I wake in the morning . Best of all is Clay 's fabulous voice -- that 's what makes the album -- it sometimes makes you stop what you 're doing to just fully listen . Highly recommend this to all music lovers , it 's a feel good album for the entire family , young and old .
 Measure of a Man is the best CD I have heard in years . There is n't any song on the CD I do n't like . His voice soars on every song .
 We just bought Clay Aiken 's CD and I have to say that my daughter and I both love it . She is 13 , I am a little older and we find Clay 's music to be in keeping with today 's sound while not being obscene or stupid . Clay 's mom should be proud ; Clay should be prouder . I just hope that the second song on the album , I Will Carry You , gets some airtime . While I like all the songs , I love that one and my daughter always asks me to `` play number 2 '' .
 This , as Billboard states , is simply the best pop album of the year . Every song is great ... there is not a weak one on the album , which is a rarity these days.With Clay you have pop music restored to what is should be
 I have always liked clay aikens voice and mannerism . I have purchased all his cd 's including an order for the new single to be released in DEc. . Also , the holiday album . I always looked forward to his rendition of the songs . I find his voice relaxing and uplifting .
 This album is excellent and I would recomend it to anyone who has any sense of taste in music . Clay delivers an exquisite debut CD with powerful vocals and lyrics . A great buy and well worth the few dollars required to buy the CD .
 When I first listened to Clay 's album it did n't really grab me , but it was in my cd player and I kept listening to it and it got better and better each time . His voice is absolutly amazing , I could listen to him sing forever . It amazes me at how much talent he has . If you liked him on American Idol you 'll definately enjoy this album .
 MEASURE OF A MAN really gets better with each listen . I 've had the CD for almost 4 weeks and it has n't dulled . It 's refreshing each time I hear it in its entirety . Aiken 's voice is definitely one of the greats of this era . No exaggeration necessary.I ca n't believe how far Clay has come in such a short period of time . It 's truly remarkable . This is a debut CD that you do n't want to miss !!!
 I work in a CD Store . I listen to a LOT of New music , this CD is amazing . Clay Aiken should have been the winner . This album nails that home ; every song shows his talent and range . This man has the voice of an angel and has the dynamics of a titan .
 I still listened to Clay 's Measure of A Man '' CD , everyday . I never get tired of it . I think , it is the best album I have ever owned.After hearing his next single `` Solitaire '' , from the American Idol 3 , I knew then that a `` Superstar '' is born.I have been waiting to buy the single `` Solitaire and The Way '' but somehow it is not available anywhere in Richmond Hill or Toronto . I was told it was suppose to arrive 2 weeks ago but there was a delay . Can someone find out why ? Theres a lot of fan wanting to purchase this CD but it is not available in any stores .
 I have had this CD for a few months and it isstill the CD of choice . I have never gottensick of any of the songs . It is a feel good CDthat has you singing along to every song inno time . I would HIGHLY recomend this CD toanyone and also recomend `` THE WAY/SOLITARE '' asits wonderful . Both songs are very powerfulat the end .
 out of the 12 songs on this CD , i happen to like 8 of them . i really love track 4 `` When You Say You Love Me '' . one of the stand-outs is `` Shine '' . on track 8 , a good song called `` I Survived You '' , Aiken sounds good ; but , i ca n't help but think it would sound better by a country singer . the three songs i did n't like as much were `` I Will Carry You '' , `` No More Sad Songs '' , and `` Perfect Day '' but who knows ? i might grow to like them in the months to come . on `` No More Sad Songs '' , Aiken at times sounds a bit like Tom Jones . `` Invisible '' and `` Touch '' are excellent , the CD 's opener and closer numbers . Aiken has a touch of drama in his voice and his crystal clear vocals on these songs show us what he 's capable of . now , next release , hopefully the mood will be a bit more up-lifting as a whole because i prefer to hear him sing mid/up-tempo songs instead of ballads ... but he can belt them out , which you 'll notice right away on `` I Will Carry You '' or `` Run To Me '' .
 This was the greatest item in the entire American Idol series . Clay is so talented , and every track is good enough to be a hit ! And so far , almost all of them are . This cd has the hits Invisible , I will carry you , The way , No more sad songs , This is the Night , and Bridge Over Troubled Water . Its a great cd !
 Forget cuteness . Clay Aiken can sing . Sure , this CD is not his best but given time , he will be a great singer . I am looking forward to his next CD.I love all the songs in this CD . My fovorites are ; No more sad songs , Measure of a man , The way , Invicible , and This is the night.Give this man a change , go and buy this CD . You wo n't be sorry.Is this review helful to you ? Yes . No .
 I love this CD and have been playing it non-stop since I bought it . As a result , my two parrots have been singing along with Clay and the music -LRB- obviously my parrots are not as good as Clay though , and they do n't sing all the words -RRB- . Anyway , this is a really good CD . The songs are enjoyable to sing along with and none of the lyrics are trashy like so much of the junk that is on the radio these days.I really like this CD , and I hope that Clays next CD will be even better . Since Clays first CD went double platinum it would be a pretty good bet that the record company will produce another CD . Maybe he will write some of the material on his next CD.BUY THIS CD , and support a wonderful young man who has amazing talent !
 WOW ! Thank you for this wonderful cd ! I truly enjoy listening to Measure Of A Man so much !!! Excellent cd , looking forward to Solitaire coming out with The Way in late January !!! A +
 To all those who are looking for an honest , helpful review , I suggest that you read the review submitted by A Music Fan from Texas , dated October 27 , 2003 and entitlted `` Uneven songwriting/stellar vocals . '' I could not have said it better and it echoes exactly my feelings about this CD . Happy reading , and happy listening !
 Clay is one of the best new pop singers that I have heard in awhile . He has a tremendous voice , great range and sings each song like he is singing for only you . I hope to hear and see a lot of him in the future . I think it is great that this album made double platinum in one week . Says alot about the singer .
 I have been a Clay fan since he first showed up on AI2 . I had been waiting inpatiently for his first album . When I first listened to it I really enjoyed it , but as time goes on I am a little disappointed . Do n't get me wrong , I think it is a great album , especially for his first one , but I think that they could have emphasized his voice better . I feel like it was more pop music and back-up singes than Clay 's voice . Not all the songs are that way , but quite a few of them are . I buy Clay 's CD 's because I want to hear his beautiful , soul-stirring voice , but this CD leaves me a little disappointed because it does n't showcase his voice as well as I would have liked . I would still recommend this CD to anyone . It is very good and I will continue to listen to it and enjoy it . I look forward to his next one .
 I really enjoy the Cd , I LOVE Invisible ! I heard it in concert , but I love this version so much ... I 've listened to it over and over . I would have preferred more up beat songs , because I tend to enjoy them more -LRB- thus 4 instead of 5 stars -RRB- ... but Clay can really sing and has such an awesome incredible voice . I also have to say I appreciated what he wrote inside the CD jacket and all he gave thanks to : -RRB-
 Clay is the most wonderful performer I have ever heard . I love this CD it is such a wonderful mix of beautiful songs . His voice is so clear and has so much emotion to it . When he sings you can feel how much he loves to sing . He is proving everyone of the skeptics wrong everyday by just being himself . He gives me goose bumps everytime I hear him sing from the first time and everytime after that . There has never been a performer that has done that for me . I hope Clay continues to put out exceptional CD 's and that we can enjoy many many long years of hearing him sing . He is a gift to the world for all of us to savor and enjoy and I am so happy to be part of it .
 `` IF YOU HAVE NOT YET HEARD THIS CD `` MEASURE OF A MAN '' BY CLAY AIKEN YOU ARE REALLY MISSING OUT ! I THINK WE ALL EXPECTED THATIT WOULD BE GOOD ! BUT THE WORD ' GOOD ` DOES NOT DO JUSTICE ! IT IS TERRIFIC !!! CANT WAIT TO SEE THE VIDEO FOR INVISIBLE .5 STARS CLAY ALL THE WAY !!
 Wow , this album is so good ! EVERY song on it is worht a listen ! He has hits with `` Invisible '' , `` The Way '' , and `` Measure of a Man '' and `` Perfect Day '' is irresistable ! Clay fans will really get thier money 's worth ! Great job Clay !
 I bought a CD for myself and 4 of my co-workers the day it was released . 2 others went out and bought theirs the same day . I surveyed many of them the next day and they all liked it ! I 've listened to it completely through about 3 times now and it gets better with every listen . My favorites are of course `` This is the Night '' & `` Invisible '' , but also `` The Way '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , and `` Touch '' . I hope all of these get released as singles , especially `` Touch '' , which I think will be a big hit for him . This CD does have more of a rock edge than I expected from `` Clay Aiken '' , but it works for him . I 'm looking forward to a second CD from him that maybe reflects more of his own personal style rather than the style his record label thinks he should have . But regardless of the style pushed upon him , Clay has the goods to WORK IT !
 I have to agree with all of the review above , except one . I was not disappointed at all . Clay has definatly improved , if that is possible at all . He was simply great . His voice sounded deeper in some songs , in fact when I first heard invisible , I wasnt sure if it was him . Measure of a man , is my favorite so far . Its different than what you hear to day , but I have really missed a great male voice . Especially one mixed with soul , and feeling . This is a great album to relax with , and to sing with , and for a little romance . I personally think , if ya liked him , on AI . You will ablsolutely love this album .
 Clay is magnificent as usual and I love everyone of the songs on his CD . He has a wonderful voice and it really shows on the album . I have had it one day and have listened to it over and over . Ca n't get enough of it . Wonderful guy with an awesome voice . Go out and buy it , you wont be dissapointed . A + .
 This CD showcases Clay 's talent beautifully !!! He sounds fantastic . I think his music will appeal to a wide range of people . I am very PROUD of Clay Aiken . He has stayed true to himself . Thats refreshing . Way to go Clay !!!
 It is unheard of to love every single track on a CD . Like most people , I have purchased many a CD because I loved 1 or 2 songs , but did n't care for any of the others . But each song on this CD is terrific . I find it impossible to pick a favorite . I love `` Measure of a Man '' and look SO forward to Clay 's future CDs .
 N-O-T-H-I-N-G ! i dunno why some ppl totally bash him for being `` too broadway '' if there 's such a thing as that . have some respect for broadway artists ... they sing a LOT better than your regular recording artist ! ... to the real reason why i 'm writing this review ... it IS a good CD -LRB- i do n't usually say stuff about pop albums ... i 'm not a pop fan -RRB- ... some songs stand out more than the others ... but that 's ok ... most cd 's are like that anyway . actually ... i have n't been THIS satisfied w / a cd since ... since ... i bought queen greatest hits .
 I am very impressed with this cd . I am so happy to finally be able to let the children in my family listen to a cd and not have to worry about them hearing curse words or the filth that is called music these days . I would recommend this cd to anyone !
 Oh My God ! I bought this album knowing I would just hate it . I bought it thinking that he was a cross between Neil Diamond and Pee Wee Herman . I ? Was wrong ! Aiken has chops . Major chops . This Aiken dude has incredible range . He hits them money notes brilliantly . Even though the lyrics are inredibly banal and unoriginal , Aiken rises above them . He shows incredible promise on this album and then some.Standout songs are Perfect Day , Touch , Invisible , The Way , and No More Sad SongsThrowaway song-Shine
 This album is so good ... it 's catchy and sweet and proves why America loves Clay so much ! I went out and bought it the morning it came out and it was definitely worth it . He is so talented and deserves all of the success that will surely come his way .
 The American Idol Competition is over . Let it Go ! Ruben was given the title . Having a preference toward one or the other does not mean that you have to hate the other . Clay and Ruben are friends , not enemies.Those of you giving Clay Aiken a ONE STAR review , read the following article from The Billboard 200 . Second season `` American Idol '' runner-up Clay Aiken owns the top position on The Billboard 200 this week with his debut album , `` Measure of a Man . '' In its first week , the RCA set sold 613,000 copies in the U.S. , according to Nielsen SoundScan . Among its tracks , `` Measure '' features a former No. 1 single in `` This Is the Night , '' which spent two weeks atop Billboard 's Hot 100 in June.Aiken follows fellow `` Idol '' alumnus Kelly Clarkson , the first season winner , in reaching the top of The Billboard 200 . But he 's off to a better start , as her RCA debut album , `` Thankful , '' bowed at No. 1 with a first-week sales total of 297,000 . Aiken 's `` This Is the Night , '' which was sold to retail backed with his cover of Simon & Garfunkel 's `` Bridge Over Troubled Water , '' has already sold 912,000 copies . Aiken can also be found on `` American Idol
 I am so happy ! This cd is so WONDERFUL !!! I listen to it all day !!! Lots of variety , and GREAT singing by CLAY AIKEN !!! Love it and so looking forward for more cd 's in the future from this DOUBLE PLATINUM artists !!! Billboard reviews this album and says it is THE BEST POP ALBUM OF 2003 !!!!!!!! I soooooooooooooooooooooooooo Agreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !
 So many reviews have talked about the weakness in the background vocals and the cheesy lyrics etc. ... I do n't care about any of that , because I bought this CD to hear Clay ! His voice is so AMAZING!The truth is this : If you LOVE talented people like Celine Dion , Peter Cetera , Jon Secada , Marc Anthony , Freddy Mercury -LRB- from the group Queen -RRB- , Elton John , Billy Joel , Josh Groban and Paul McCartney , then you will love the diverse talent that Clay displays on this CD . Disregard the background vocals and listen to Clays EXCELLENT VOCAL ABILITY.On the other hand , if you like to listen to no-talent people like Snoop dog , Ozzy Osbourne , Marilyn Manson , Britney Spears and so on ... . then this CD is not for you .
 I just think that this cd is a change from what is being played today . I know alot out there think that its too clean and mostly contemporary . What is wrong with that ? He is where he is today because of talent and his character . He has done this on his own pretty much because the judges never made over him on American Idol . He was laughed at and put down . And I do not care what competition is out there , you are doing something right if your CD is # 1 for 2 weeks . Some are saying it is because there is no competition . That is all you can say . You just do not want to admit that he is one of the best talents today . People who do n't like him are even saying that . And if his fans are voting for him more than once on these polls , then that just goes to show how much he is liked and respected . There are still a lot of people who love him . The ones who are rating 1 's & 2 's , I can respect your opinions . But the reasons you are giving is just making you sound immature or upset because he is getting more recognition than anyone off American Idol . But that is not what this is about . Each person off the show is given a chance . Kelly and Clay were lucky to be given that chance . After leaving the show , it was in there hands and they have both proven to be great talents . Well Kelly good talent , Clay great Talent ! He is also getting recognized more because he never won American Idol -LRB- so they say -RRB- and the 2 that did win are not on as many magazines , children shows , being asked to sing on Miss America and World Series , American Music Awards , talk shows left and right , and not to mention the 2nd most looked up person on the internet , second to Pam Lee Anderson . This I just heard which truly surprised me . This is n't an accident . This is n't because we are voting for him more than once . So all you ppl who rate Clay # 1 , its not hurting him at all . All the 5 stars more than outnumber the 1 's and 2 's which are very few . God Bless you Clay ! Keep up your good values . Another reason why he is succeeding is because he truly has God on his side ! And if you think about it , maybe that is why he is getting so successful . What a great role model . Because if you trust in God you will not fail . That is all that matters ! ; -RRB-
 THIS CD IS VERY ENJOYABLE . CLAY AIKEN IS A BREATH OF FRESH AIR COMPARED TO ALL THE GARBAGE PLAYING ON THE RADIO THESE DAYS . CLAY DOES N'T NEED VULGARITY , VIOLENCE AND HALF-NAKED , SLUTTY WOMEN TO SELL HIS MUSIC . HE HAS NATURAL , BORN-WITH TALENT THAT NO ONE CAN TOP ! THANK-YOU CLAY FOR YOUR WONDERFUL VOICE AND ROLE-MODEL ATTRIBUTES ! YOU ARE A GIFT FROM HEAVEN !
 I should have written a review for this CD sooner , but then I would n't be able to say this
 Finally a CD that I love `` ALL '' the tracks . I hope this is the first of many to add to my collection . Awesome , beautifully done ! There is now hope that music will be music once again !!!
 really thought for a first album this kid from north carolina that no-one even heard of a year ago ... this was pretty sensational . . was n't sure I was going to buy it but they were playing in the music store . . the song was `` shine '' and I really found it `` music to my ears '' . . now I can say that `` the way '' and `` perfect day '' are Clay 's best on this cd . . the song `` measure of a man '' is very good also . . hope all the other skeptics out there like it as much as I do . . would not want to see such a real talent fade away .
 As usual , Clay has amazed us with his beautiful voice . I found this cd the best one I have ever listened to . The range of his is voice is astounding . He makes you think he is singing the songs especially to you . The only thing any better is a live performance by Clay . I highly recommend it , especially if you listen to it with headphones you can hear how wonderful his voice really is !
 This album is great ! I 've been listening to it non-stop since I got it . Soon everyone will be singing these songs . Touch is my favorite , but I love every cut on the album .
 Do n't get me wrong.I absolutely love this album , and keep listening to it again and again . But it gets a little slow sometimes when you 're listening to , really , 12 slow - to mid-tempo ballads . I wish there could have been a few up-tempo songs that moved and had a really nice dance beat.My favorites were No More Sad Songs , Invisible , Run To Me , Shine , and The Way.I really enjoyed the variety on this CD , from bubblegum pop to country to love ballad . Nothing like the voice of an angel singing all those words you long to hear.Overall , if you like Clay , you 'll love this album .
 Once in a great while an artist comes along that sets the world on it 's ear.Elvis did it . The Beatles did it . Heck , people who grew up in the 80 's can argue that Duran Duran did it . Now it 's Clay Aiken 's turn.Make no mistake that this album is Pure Pop Pleasure . From the very catchy kick off track `` Invisible '' to the extremely sensual closer `` Touch '' there is n't a bad song in the bunch.Clay 's voice soars and stirs the soul . Measure of a Man is without doubt a triumphant debut .
 This is a totally awesome CD . I fallin love with it more each time I listento it . The range of his voice , arrangements , lyrics , etc. are allwonderful . I do feel that future cd ` swill keeping pushing is natural talent , and I look forward to that . But for now , Measures of Man , in all aspects , measures up .
 Just awesome ! So many great songs on 1 cd , it 's such a joy to listen to ... I love it ! Clay has definitely raised the bar for CD quality , ca n't remember any cd that had so many great songs on them ... it 's just fantastic !!! Clay has not only delivered the goods , he leaves me wanting more and more and more . Love the nuances in his voice , love the versatile styling & variety the cd offers , love the whole whole package . A Must Buy for all music lovers !!!! A Solid Hit !!!
 If you were expecting a cd that would set the music world on its ear with its daring innovation and revolutionary new sound , you will be disappointed in this cd . If you were longing for a cd filled with music you could hear blasting at dangerous decibel levels at a dance club , you will be disappointed with this cd . If heavy metal , rap or hip-hop is what makes your heart sing , you will be disappointed in this cd . And if your heart was set on a cd filled with power ballads and covers of old standards , then you too will be disappointed . However , if you want a pleasant cd filled with very listenable pop songs sung by a young man with perhaps one of the best voices to be heard in a long time then you will NOT be disappointed by Clay Aiken 's debut album , `` Measure of a Man '' . Keep in mind , this is a first time effort , recorded and released in less than 5 months , and it should be judged accordingly . It is with that criteria in mind that I give it 5 stars . Is it as well produced and polished as it could be if more time had been devoted to its production ? No . But despite its hurried production , and its sometimes overwhelming background music , this cd is one you can put in your cd player and play over and over again . Every song is enjoyable . Clay shows a new side to himself - more pop and mainstream than what he showed on American Idol . There is not one song you will want to skip over . Are the songs similar in style ? Yes , there is some sameness to them , but not to the point of monotony . You have the upbeat pop tempo of `` Invisible '' , the country-esque `` When you Say You Love Me '' , the almost salsa-esque , and very sensuous , `` Touch '' , the triumphant `` I Survived You '' , the romantic and beautiful `` The Way '' , the determined `` No More Sad Songs '' and on and on.This cd wo n't set the world on fire . The songs will not be remembered for their originality . They will , however , be remembered . You 'll find yourself humming and singing them when you 're not playing them . If you like to listen to music that makes you feel good , that you simply enjoy , then you will like this cd . This is a fine - albeit not perfect - first effort by a terrific new talent -LRB- his phrasing and his ability to convey the meaning and emotions of a song are phenomenal ! -RRB- . I look forward to hearing more from Clay Aiken as he continues to develop as an artist and cultivate his own style -LRB- I read somewhere that he could try being a cross between Beck and Bobby Darin . Now that would be interesting ! -RRB- . I hope radio stations will begin to recognize what the millions who have already purchased his single and this cd already know . Clay Aiken is here to stay and should not , can not , be ignored . Enjoy this cd for what it is and what it is simply enjoyable music .
 I have never been a fan of american idol but heard the song `` Invisible '' on the radio and loved both the song and the voice of Clay Aiken . I went out and bought the cd and it is full of amazing songs . I think people are putting too much emphasis on where he has come from and need to listen to the music 's lyrics and hear what he is trying to tell you . I thought each song was beautifuly sung and appreciate the message and work from the artist .
 I am really impressed and love the cd . So great to have one in my collection . His voice is so marvellous and powerful . No doubt , his songs are going to touch everyone hearts . He is the one !!!!!
 ... you wan na make something out of it ? Entertainment Weekly called Clay `` a guilty pleasure , '' but I think this CD is great , and I 'm not embarrassed to admit it , even though I 'm not a fan of mainstream pop in general . But I 'm listening to `` I Survived You '' for about the fifth time in a row as I write this -LRB- I also love `` Shine , '' `` Perfect Day , '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' -RRB- .
 New artists and their music do not have to have a purpose nor fill a special niche , they simply need to entertain and this is exactly what Clay 's album does . Clay has a terrific , powerful voice and his music is easy to listen to . So ignore the critics that call him `` bland '' or `` the next Barry Manilow '' or whatever other derogatory phrase that 's been used . If you enjoyed hearing him on AI or the radio , then purchase this album . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I do n't remember the last CD I purchased where I loved every song on it . And each time I listen I hear little things that move me and make me love it even more . I hope one day Clay gets to record some classics as well , but for now this is the best CD I 've heard in a long , long while . His voice rings true on each and every cut .
 Clay 's CD was just as amazing as I expected it to be !! There has n't been a CD like this in a long time ! Every song is enjoyable . You just want to keep on playing it ! This can definitely be enjoyed by all ages too and you can actually understand all the words . The songs are mostly mid-paced , expect for `` Invisible '' which is faster . Clay has an unbelievable voice , beautiful clarity and tone . Although I love the CD , I 'm not sure if it even showcases his full talent ! Buy this CD now -- you wo n't be sorry !
 This is an AMAZING CD ! This mans voice is incredable . There is not one song that I dislike . I loved his performances on American Idol , but this CD shows more of what he can do . All you Clay fans are in for something GREAT ! Ca n't say much more , buy it and see for yourself .
 Clay is flat out amazing on this CD ! He has improved so much from his first appearance on American Idol , which was also wonderful , that there really does n't seem to be a limit to his talent ... there is n't . All these songs are beautiful . Invisible , by virtue of his being his new single , is of course played the most often but they really ALL deserve the attention.Everyone is so proud of Clay and with good reason ! He truly deserves it . Buy this CD and support him ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 I was greatly anticipating this CD since the finale of the show . I was hoping that the content would move beyond the show and it did not disappoing me at all . I have heard comments about all ballads , this and that and what I have to say is that this CD shows the true quality of Clay 's voice . This CD shows that this man can stick to his guns about what he wants in his music and how he will not crumble under the pressure to put something on there that does not represent who he is as a person . No bling bling , no overt sexual overtones , nothing that goes outside of what he believes in . This shows Clay the man and as a fan I have to say that it so DID NOT DISAPPOINT ME . This CD made me proud to be his fan and it validated my votes for him . This is the first CD in a long time that I listened to the whole way through , without skipping over songs . RCA also , I feel , did not overproduce these songs either . On his single the chorus in Bridge Over Troubled Water seemed to drown out Clay 's voice but not so here . Well done . FIVE STARS !!!!
 I 've been waiting for this CD for MONTHS ... and it was NOT a let down ! I LOVE IT ! It 's SOOO AWESOME ... I do n't hear one thing wrong with it whatsoever . It 's worth every star ... and more .
 Anyone that knows the type of person Clay is from what we have all read , heard or just know deep down inside , will see that this Album is perfect for Clay . Each song has a different beat , they are all wonderful clean songs . They are about love and life . Clay has n't let me down , he makes me proud of him . I loved each song . I ca n't say which one is my favorite because they are all so good . The music from Clay is going to be different , and special . Refreshing from all the hard , dirty music you hear now a days on the radio . That is how I feel about it .
 but I found myself really liking Clay Aiken while flipping through channels one evening . He may not have won , but he has won the hearts of Americans all over . I eagerly anticipated this CD . Bought it on release day and loved it immediately ! Definately one of the best recording I have heard in a long time . And it 's a CD that you can share with anyone and not be afraid of them being offended in any way . Here 's hoping that Clay is around for a very long time !
 I absolutely loved this CD ! Normally I 'm a huge fan of artists such as Dave Matthews Band and Eric Clapton , but this is one pop artist I ca n't seem to resist ! His voice is effortless and this cd is incredible !
 I absolutely love this new cd of Clay Aiken 's . There are so many great songs on it . He has the most talented voice and you ca n't go wrong buying this CD .
 I am thrilled with this CD of Clay Aiken 's . I did n't want to hear him sing * NSync songs or Nelly lyrics . They are already doing that . This CD has 12 very strong songs with lyrics and hooks that have me singing or humming throughout my day . Sometimes I ca n't get them to stop running through my mind . There is n't ONE song that I will skip to go to the next but there are a few that I seem to keep pushing the repeat button on - Shine , Perfect Day , and When You Say You Love Me seem to get a lot of air time in my car . But then again , I hit repeat a lot to hear The Way , No More Sad Songs and Run to Me , too . This CD has so many change-up tempos and styles - just when I 'm boppin ' to Perfect Day along comes Measure of a Man that seems to soar right out my windows ... or maybe that 's me singing along with Clay . Sure it may not be edgy but that 's not what I was hoping for . I was hoping for Clay to sing with his amazing voice shining through ... and I definately got what I was hoping for . Thanks , Clay !!
 I 'm a huge Clay fan and love his voice . Many of the songs on his debut CD are great , but I had hoped for a bit more variety ... Also , I was disappointed that Neil Sedaka 's `` Solitaire '' is n't included . An admirable first effort and I love `` Invisible . '' I 'll look forward to seeing what Clay will do in the future .
 Thank God for Clay Aiken . His new album is wonderful . I hope he make another CD before the year is out . His music is so pure and enjoyable . -LRB- nothing like the trashy stuff you hear on the radio -RRB- . Yet his songs have that current rock sound . Makes you wonder why the other guys can not make their albums as great as Aikens!Maybe because they do not have the talent Clay Aiken has .
 Clay does indeed represent a revolution in the music industry , and the music industry establishment - radio , labels , critics - few of them like it.Clay has swept the country , and he 's done it through a TV show that reached the masses , bypassing the normal channels . Argh ! How irritated they are ! And they are bleating already
 It 's in the `` voice '' ! I LOVE this album , the songs and ILOVE this man . It is a trendy version of a collectionof upbeat music with Clay 's beautiful voice highlightingeach song . The more you hear it , the better it gets .
 I am so proud of Clay from my home state of NC . He proves he 's the genuine article with every note he sings .
 I am absolutely numb after listening to Clay Aiken 's album , Mearsure Of A Man . This album prooves that Clay is extremely versatile . His voice flows through your ears and into your very soul . Each song reaches a different level of your emotions . Here are my thoughts on each song : Invisible-Upbeat , fun to sing and dance to , impossible to listen to it unless it is full blast !!!!! I Will Carry You-This song gives you encouragement , makes you want to reach out and carry someone who needs you.The Way-I think this is my favorite , but that was a real hard decision . Makes you feel like letting go of loneliness and having someone special in your life would n't be half bad !!! When You Say You Love Me-God this song says it all . Everyone wants to have that assurance that this love is real !!! No More Sad Song-Gives you a feeling that you can pull out of bad experiences and move forward with your life.Run To Me-There is nothing as deep as having someone who is willing to sit back and wait til you are ready to embrace them.Shine-Beautiful raise you up from your downtime and show you life is great if you are able to stick with it for the long haul , that there is a light after the darkness !!! I Survived You-This song gives the listener drive to get over it and be proud you did !!! this Is The NIght-What can I say except , utterly breathtaking !!! Perfect Day-Another favorite . I love this song !!! It makes you bask in the sunshine and forces you to realize what you have.Measure Of A Man-Clay 's voice is deeply filled with emotion on this one . It is splendid !!! Touch-WOW ! Romantic , sexy , sensitive , soft , shows Clay 's ability to open the door to your heart and move right on in.Trust me this CD is worth every dime . If you want an album that will fill you with good feelings from the tip of you toes to the top of your head and everywhere in between do n't hestitate , GO BUY IT NOW . I LOVE IT !!!
 We live in a dark and cynical world . We judge people based on how they dress , what car they drive , the type of job they have and alike . In this dark and cynical world it is refreshing to find a glorious light in one , Clay Aiken . Mr. Aiken is refreshing in the fact that not only does he have a God given voice with range , control and power but that he knows who he is and will not compromise it in order to sell CD 's . Clay has done so many wonderful things in such a short amount of time . He has started a foundation lobbied in Washington for AFI . Clay 's fans love him and believe in him so much that just because he was on the MDA telethon they raised over $ 30,000 ! Countless fans have donated to the Bubel-Aiken Foundation , thus helping thousands of people . Clay is comfortable with who he is . He is not willing to change for fame . Clay has inadvertently brought to the forefront some issues that have needed addressed . So while Clay 's voice is beautiful and uplifting it is his strength of character , his pureness of heart and genuine desire to help others that draws the admiration of his legion of Claymates . I love this CD and I love every song on it . I truly do . I ca n't say that about any CD that I have . In fact I took some of my old CD 's to a local store and sold those and donated that money to a worthy cause . I am more committed than ever to this young man and his career . I want him around as long as he wishes to be around . I am a proud `` rabid '' `` fanatical '' Claymate !! So in closing a say Clay is a breath of fresh air that is extremely needed in this world in more ways than one ! Sing on Clay ... we are listening ... and we LOVE vanilla !!! So you say you want a revolution ???????
 Run , do not walk , to your local music outlet -LRB- or computer , in this case ! -RRB- and purchase this CD . You will not regret it . Have I ever lied to you ? No , I have n't . So trust me.He takes my breath away . I think I have listened to the CD at least 20 times today and it keeps getting better and better . I 'm reminded of David Cassidy 's charm and Rick Springfield 's phrasing when I hear Clay on a couple of these songs . Is it just me ? No matter . It is a wonderful experience to absorb his words , his voice , his emotion through this CD . Anyway he has touched my heart , again , and I am so happy for him , and for all of us .
 One of Clay 's strengths is his consistency . All of his songs have beautiful tone and power . The only problem I see is that I have n't heard him sing anything besides ballads . Do n't get me wrong . I 'm perfectly happy with that but I want to really let people know what this CD sounds like . The liner notes are really sparse although it does hold a small fold out poster of Clay.Track by track :1 . Invisible - Really interesting song with a lot of the power the single carried .2 . I Will Carry You - A nice ballad but does n't have the same catchiness as some of the other tracks .3 . The Way - More romantic than many of the others . Very sweet lyrics to this one describing the way that this girl makes him feel and act . Really moving .4 . When You Say You Love Me - Faster paced tuned with a strong beat . This is one of those catchy driving tunes .5 . No More Sad Songs - I love this one . Clay really plays with the song and puts a lot of emotion into this track .6 . Run To Me - This track has a little of the same power shown on Invisible and This Is The Night . Interestingly enough , I just looked at the writers and some of the same people worked on all three of these songs . That explains the similarity in strength . The tunes all have a great flow to them .7 . Shine - Nice but not a real standout on the CD . With the Clay Aiken power voice , it 's hard not to skip to the songs that really bring that out . The bridge of this one is probably the most interesting part of the song but still does n't make it great .8 . I Survived You - Lyrics seem rushed at times on this track but really brings an interesting feel to the beat .9 . This Is The Night -LRB- bonus cut -RRB- - Well , if you do n't know how this one sounds , you have n't been listening to the radio lately . Beautiful powerhouse of a song . Really showcases Clay 's strong clear voice . Maybe I do n't know the song well enough but I ca n't tell what the difference is between this cut and the single . No matter , still wonderful ! 10 . Perfect Day - One of the more intriging songs on the CD . This is almost not a ballad so it brings a little more to the album as a whole .11 . Measure Of A Man - The title song has a really nice solo piano part to begin and brings out the quality of Clay 's voice rather than the power that many of the other songs showcase . The lyrics have some Christian symbolism with `` Would he walk on water ? '' , `` Would he give his life up to be all he can ? '' , and building a life around `` his one true belief . '' Beautiful sentiment in this one to go with the lovely tune .12 . Touch - Very different end to the CD with this song that has more of a dance beat to it.Overall , quite a nice beginning for Clay . Looking forward to seeing him develop his voice and career .
 That quote was what Fred Benson of Billboard said in an Measure of A Man CD release party in LA on the 13th of October . And indeed , the album lives up to this.Here is my review of all the tracks on the CD :1 . Invisible -LRB- 96 % -RRB- A nice song from Desmond Child . Nicely mixed . Could be better .2 . I Will Carry You -LRB- 89 % -RRB- Good song , a bit boring at parts . Again , could be improved .3 . The Way -LRB- 200 % -RRB- This is absoloutly the best song on the album ! If I had listened to the album prior to its release , this song is why I would 've bought the CD ! 4 . When You Say You Love Me -LRB- 90 % -RRB- Great song . Smooth , good for relaxation ! 5 . No More Sad Songs -LRB- 97 % -RRB- This song is going to be a classic . Great ! 6 . Run to Me -LRB- 95 % -RRB- Wow ! This song is good . It sounds like some of the other songs though .7 . Shine -LRB- 100 % -RRB- This song is the third reason I 'd buy the CD . Excellent ! 8 . I Survived You -LRB- 92 % -RRB- Not to be confused with `` I Will Carry You '' Also good .9 . This is the Night -LSB- BONUS -RSB- -LRB- 200 % -RRB- What can I say ? This is the song that was on the best selling single since Elton John 's `` Candle in the Wind '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .10 . Perfect Day -LRB- 100 % -RRB- Speechless .11 . Measure of A Man -LRB- 200 % -RRB- This deserves to be the title song . Great job . Undoubtably a classic in the future .12 . Touch -LRB- 97 % -RRB- Kind of weird , as this is a dance-pop song . Neverless , great!Conclusion ----------------------- Clay 's voice is deep , smooth and soft all at once . He is able to change his tone very easily . This CD is probably the best CD of the year ! Congratulations Clay Aiken , the REAL American Idol!Album Average :120 %
 Clay Aiken 's voice stands out more than any other singer I have listened to . It inspires , makes you feel good , excites and is just nice to listen to . I can put his ` Measure Of A Man ' CD and listen to EVERY song again , again . Very rare for albums now a days , to have every song enjoyable .1 . Invisible - Up tempo pop ; catchy and very enjoyable .2 . I Will Carry You - Emotional , make you feel good ballad .3 . The Way - Again , emotional , make you feel good ballad .4 . When You Say You Love Me - Easy listening , country ballad .5 . No More Sad Songs - Good ballad , great main chorus .6 . Run To Me - Strong ballad .7 . Shine - nice listening ballad , Clay sounds very caring .8 . I Survived You - Strong ballad .9 . This Is The Night - His trademark , awesome ballad .10 . Perfect Day - Up tempo ballad , very good .11 . Measure Of A Man - Powerful ballad , very emotional .12 . Touch - Up tempo , very good.A must have CD . I can not wait until his next CD .
 After the terrible mess made of Kelly Clarkson 's debut , I 'll be honest , I had serious doubts regarding Clive Davis ' suitability as a producer for future American Idol discoveries . Even Kelly 's powerful voice was drowned out and beaten into submission by a relentless parade of guitar feedback and what sounded like a busload of drummers who could be rented by the hour.The good news , is that this time he 's delivered the goods . The problem with Clay was always his innate ` theatricality ' - his over-ennunciated phrasing and emotional warbling led Simon and co to repeatedly recommend that Clay follow his dreams to Broadway . Even Neil Sedaka wanted to work with the guy - not the coolest advocate to have , despite his undeniable songwriting talent . So Clive and a remarkable line-up of impressive songwriters have pooled their collective resources and delivered a series of songs that push Clay 's strong , clear voice to the fore , and surround him with contemporary orchestrations that manage to be bold without ever being overpowering . It 's also worth noting that these arrangements complement Clay 's timeless voice impeccably , with more than the occasional nod to later Beatles compositions . Note the strong piano riffs , layered harmonies and persuasive percussion.More importantly , there are some pretty decent melodies here . If there 's one thing that the Karaoke style of AI has taught us , it 's that they just do n't write them like that anymore . Now , although i 'll admit that no-one is going to be inaugurated into the songwriter 's Hall of fame off the back of their contributions to this CD , the songs are powerful , mature and ` sticky ' . Just listen to it once and there 'll be four or five tunes you can already recall with little or no effort . Standouts for me are No More Sad Songs and I Survived You . But I 'm happy to admit that when I listen to this CD -LRB- and I 've been through it six or seven times since it arrived -RRB- there are no tracks that I skip through - although Touch is fairly one-dimensional . Clay should feel very pleased with himself . Not only has he proved there 's no shame in coming second , his singing style has enjoyed a makeover just as impressive as the one his image underwent when he made the final 12 .
 I did n't watch American Idol , but a friend insisted that I buy Clay Aiken 's CD ... and I am very glad that she did . While others have critized him as being `` Broadway '' , I found the songs on this CD to be beautifully and powerfully sung but not `` over the top '' . I really like almost all of the songs , especially Perfect Day and Shine , which have a beatlesque , retro feel to them ; Invisible and Touch , which are upbeat and fun to move to ; Measure of a Man , a beautiful and moving ballad ; Run to Me and The Way , love songs with soaring vocals and great melodies . The one song that did n't really grab me is When You Say You Love Me - it sounds a little light and fluffy . The only `` criticism '' that I have about this album concerns production - I would have liked to hear a little more depth in Aiken 's voice in some spots . Overall - a very solid CD and one that I anticipate listening to many many times !
 I do n't know when I have ever anticipated a debut album as much as this . Usually we have to get to know the artist with a debut , but after many nights of REDIAL , REDIAL , REDIAL , I got to know Clay Aiken with his American Idol performances . With his debut release , he can now step out of the AI shadow and shine on his own . There are 12 quality recordings on `` MOAM '' . Usually you 're lucky if you get 3-4 songs you like on an album . Clay has hit one out of the park with his first swing . He is quoted as saying he fought to title his debut after the track `` Measure of a Man '' . RCA wanted a self-titled debut album , but with MOAM we get a little more insight on the man himself . If you 're in doubt , just listen to track # 11 , `` Measure of a Man '' and if this song does n't move you , nothing will . The powers that be did a good job of mixing some things up with this album . We get to hear a different side of Clay Aiken and can see how he 's evolving as a performer . I think this album has the chance to produce many hits . The first one -LRB- not including `` This is the Night since it 's listed as a bonus cut -RRB- is `` Invisible '' . It 's catchy , something you can move to and if you did n't get to see Clay perform it live , you do n't know what you missed ! I believe `` The Way '' will probably be the biggest hit . It 's just something about THE WAY it moves you . Enrique Iglesias helped pen this song and you can feel a little latino rhythm in the beat . Clay goes a little out of his comfort zone with `` Touch '' . This song might be a risk for him , but it 's different from anything he 's every sung -LRB- In my humble opinion -RRB- and has a chance to touch an audience he has n't reached yet . The Savage Garden duo of Darren Hayes/Rick Nowels cowrote `` When You Say You Love Me '' and it is a good get off your feet and dance song . It can move all generations . Just a good , catchy tune and I love it.RCA leaked 5 clips to MOAM way back when , which were `` Invisible '' , `` Run to Me '' , `` No More Sad Song '' , `` I Will Carry You '' and `` I Survived You '' . When I heard these clips , I thought how could this album get better ? I think RCA knew what they were doing . They did n't release some of the better songs . This album has huge hit potential and I forsee several Grammy nominations in young Mr. Aiken 's future . Buy this cd and you will not regret it !
 This CD is phenomenal . Although the background singers sometimes were too loud on his single album -LRB- which still was fantastic -RRB- , Clay 's powerful and beautiful voice comes through on this CD perfectly . Diane Sawyer called his voice `` supple '' on Primetime Thursday and listening to this CD certainly explains why . `` Invisible '' is a fun , catchy song that will have you humming or singing it before the end of the day . Other personal favorites include `` I Will Carry You '' , an uplifting song and `` Measure of a Man '' , a song about loving someone even without materialistic things and good looks . What I like best about this album is that my young daughter can listen to and sing along to all of these songs because there are no references to sex , drugs , etc. . Clay 's voice and the sophistication of the songs should draw in the adult listener , even those who were not fans during Clay 's American Idol days .
 If you like a singer who can belt out a song that makes you feel something deep inside . Or makes you feel like their singing directly to you . Or simply puts a smile on your face from the way the song is being song -LRB- think glory notes -RRB- . Then you 'll love this CD . Listen to THAT VOICE ! This CD has something for everyone .
 Clay Aiken can sing any song beautifully . Every song on his CD is beautiful and sung perfectly . You can always feel Clay in your heart when he sings . I recommend this CD to everyone . Every age group can listen to this CD . Clay puts his heart in to every performance -LRB- as always -RRB- . For once I bought a CD where I can listen to every song and not have to skip through to one that sounds good because every one is good . My favorites
 This is the first CD I have bought in a long time . Clay is by far one of the most talented people I have heard in a long time . Clay has a wonderfull voice . I have not enjoied music as much as I have with this CD since the Beach Boys.I do agree with some other posters that this CD does n't show his full potential . But , this is a GREAT CD.We listen to it over and over -LRB- one copy in the truck and one at home -RRB- . So get your own multiple coppies!Aganst advice from RCA , Clay refused to follow the path of the `` made for MTV '' rock-star . Clay said '' There are certian words and emotions I do n't want kids hearing , and I 'm not changing them because they think it 's going to sell better . '' I think this CD is refreshing and a must have for todays youth -LRB- and grown-ups -RRB- as it is the cleanest music I have heard in a long time.These could be the rankings of individual tracks : When You Say You Love Me & The Way -- # 1 & # 2 on the Country ChartInvisible & Touch -- # 1 & # 2 on the Pop ChartI Will Carry You -- # 1 on the Adult Contemporary Chart and # 2 on the Contemporary Christian Music ChartMeasure of a Man -- # 1 on the Contemporary Christian Music Chart
 I am very pleased with this album . I especially like ` The Way You Say You Love Me ' , ` Touch ' and ` The Way ' . I usually like one , maybe two songs on any CD , but I like all of the songs on this one . I love Clay 's voice and look forward to more music from him .
 Dont judge clay on the songs he sung on AI . This cd is new and very pop . Its amazing . Listen to it twice and you 'll be singing the songs . The words are beautiful . The only thing that i wish was differnt is that bridge over troubled waters wasnt on here . I think Clay Aiken is by far the best singer out today . Just listen to his voice and try to argue . Buy this cd . Im telling you whether your a ruben ran or not even a fan of AI this is great . My bestfriend was a die-hard ruben ran and when she heard this cd shes like hes amazing . This isnt clay aiken , the guy from ai who lost , this is just-clay aiken . New and improved . you will be surpirsed , but in a very very good way .
 This CD is excellent ... I am so happy that Clay has a recording contract ... He definitely changed the image of a `` pop '' icon . This CD is absolutely platinum material .
 It has been awhile since I have liked every song on a CD but this is one that ca n't be missed . Yes , it is mainstream and Clay could be mistaken for a `` boy band '' singer on it but my son still knew it was Clay when I picked him up from school with the CD playing . Unlike another reviewer , I can feel the emotion in the songs . I enjoy mainstream music and LOVE this CD ! Bought 2 copies .
 This CD has been long awaited and its been worth the wait . This is truly a joy to listen to . Most of the music today ca n't be understood or has no moral factors to them . I must say it is finally enlightening to see someone with this much talent and character !!!! 5 stars to Platinum !!!
 Here 's music for the whole family and an entire album of it !! My kids who also rock to Good Charlotte , Linkin Park , and the likes are playing this CD in their rooms cranked up just as loud . For once there 's a CD that does n't just have one or two songs to draw you to purchase , but an entire 12 tracks that all deserve single status !! I ca n't wait to see what is next for this awesome artist , and genuine , non-cookie cutter , trustable person .
 Loved this album since it first came out . I bought this for a friend . She loves it . A definite buy . Ca n't wait for the new CD
 Who cares if Clay got his beginning from a TV show ? Who cares if Clay is very effeminate ? Who cares if he does n't write his materials -LRB- that 's a songwriter 's job , not a singer 's -RRB- ? And who cares if he looks like Howdy Doody?THE ONLY THING THAT MATTER IS CLAY CAN SING LIKE NO ONE HAS EVER SUNG BEFORE . His voice just reaches out to you and when you let down your guard , it sucks you in and never lets go . If the world lets this one slips away , then it 's a very sorry world . A singer like this only comes once in a lifetime .
 This is by far , the best CD by any American Idol contestants . Every song is a good one . My favorite is `` The Way '' , I play it over and over . My advice - BUY THIS CD ! If you loved him on TV , you will love him now !
 I have already wrote a review , but I ca n't seem to find it , along with a few other people 's reviews that were already here before mine ! So , I will review this cd again.I absolutely love this cd.Clay is great . My favorite song has to be `` Invisible '' . `` Measure Of A Man '' Is also really good . The whole cd is terrific . He should have one AI in my opinion.And I have to disagree with the album review posted AMG - I am neither a pre-teen , nor am I a housewife , and I STILL love clay !
 The reviews came out before my CD arrived , and I fully expected to be disappointed with the content . Not so ! I love this music . Clay 's outstanding talent is quite evident in each song . The lyrics are understandable , the melodies are memorable and pleasing to the ear , and nearly every song is capable of being a hit on its own . This CD does not contain the ballads we are used to hearing Clay sing , but once you get passed that expectation , you will be pleased with this selection of songs . I highly recommend it .
 This CD is incredible ... the title track Measure of a man is very touching and reminds you of a young Elton John ... what an amazing CD ... While this CD is a pop endeavor ... several tracks could easily chart Contempory Christian ... and Clay is a great motivation for all those listening ... GREAT JOB ! We love Clay !
 Finally a CD that you can sing at the top of your lungs in the car !!! No vocal gymnastics just pure talent ! Each song is wonderfully different with perfect pitch ! We have waited a long time for this type of music again and it does n't dissapoint .
 This is the greatest cd that has come along in years . Finally someone has came along that can sing and is original . Someone whose voice stands out among the others . Every song on this cd is a hit . After two listens you will hear yourelf singing along . It makes you feel good which is what we need now . I am tired of that horrible stuff they call singing , little cookie cutters where you ca n't tell one from the other . YEH CLAY FINALLY SOMETHING WE CAN ENJOY .
 I have been listening and watching Clay 's performances and songs since MAY , people , MAY . I thought I would be very sick of him by now . NO WAY . This CD -LRB- when you listen on a good system -RRB- will rock your world . Listen for the nuances in the music and the sincerity in the lyrics . Indeed , the songs are all original and he powers them up ! Give the guy the accolades he so richly deserves . He keeps getting better and better and better , onstage and in voice on this CD . Those lyrics are from his heart whether he wrote them or not . Indeed , Clay is as close to what the Measure of a Man SHOULD be . And he is already a Legend which is not what his intention was if I understand him when he said he was encouraged by his friend , Diane Bubel and peers to audition . He was n't a slave to fashion obviously . His style has evolved ever so wonderfully and naturally , including his moves onstage , that this kid deserves all the respect and honor we can muster . This industry needs CLAY AIKEN!Clay if you 're reading this , HAPPY BIRTHDAY NOVEMBER 30 !
 I can not stop playing this CD . A previous reviewer said this is what is wrong with recording co 's today , no , this is what is right . Maybe now that Clay has come along we will stop this horrible music that is out there today . When giving a review of a cd you ask if the music is easy to understand - Ans-yes . Are the tunes catchy to sing along to - ans-yes . Do they make you feel good - ans-yes . This is the best CD that has been out in years .
 Just received my cd MOAM and ordered 2 more of his first singles . Clay Aiken is the breath of fresh air we have all longed for , not only his singing but his being . I love this album . Yes , as an older fan , I long for the songs he sang on American Idol such as Solitaire , Here There and Everywhere -LRB- really shows his lower register -RRB- , but I am amazed that he can sing any genre of music . He is one in a million . Thank you , Clay ! I 'm very very selfish , more please !!!
 I was going through Claydrawal , so I was excited when the day finally came for this album to come out . When I popped the cd in , I was disappointed . I was n't sure what I expecting , but I did n't think this was it . However , after listening to it again , I began to hear new things , and my love for this cd is growing . It has never left my cd player . The songs on it are powerful and touching , and Clay sings with an intensity that is reminiscent of his days on American Idol .
 This is one CD that I can listen over and over again and still get chills . CLAY Aiken Has a God given Gift He is amazingly talented and very Sexy . For the Person who was negative about Him just to boost Taylor Hicks and His CD there is no need to bash the True American Idol Clay Aiken just to get Your point for Taylor accross . I too Love Taylor I was part of the soul patrol and I do have Under the Radar and while it 's ok it pales in any comparison to any of Clays CD 's . Buy Measure of A Man and any CD Clay records You wo n't be sorry . He is amazing .
 Clay 's voice just soothes . I love the way he sounds . His vocal talent is incredible . The critiques can say all they want but they ca n't sway true Clay fans.In Singapore , we had simultaneous release with US and the record stores are saying that the sales are overwhelming . We in Singapore could n't vote for Clay in AI but we are voting for him with our money.This is one happy Clay fan . When is the next one coming Clay ? We ca n't wait !
 Clay Aiken is one of my favorite singers from American Idol . My negative complaints about this album are
 Clay Aiken is amazing ! He truly is the one who shoot straight to stardom . And was the one who got out there and created a name for himself . His voice will blow one away ! I was so impressed with this record that it is one my whole family has listened to since it came out . It is a wonderfully made CD and his voice ! Wow , what can you say he is amazing ! If you liked Clay on idol you will love this CD . I think it is one of the best CDs made ! He is one idol that has staying power , because he is true talent .
 Clay could sing the phone book and it would sell . Triple platinum ... no other AI contestant has done this . Not even Kelly Clarkson . Clay has what it takes ... charisma ... he was that extra something of which stars are made ... Even with mediocre material , he brings it up to his level and makes one enjoy it . Not all the songs on this initial CD are palatable but CLAY IS THE BEST at taking average songs and making them soar.The producers do n't know what they 're doing . Hopefully the next CD will be better . But this one is still great as well because CLAY IS THE BEST !!
 Mr. Aiken can sing . Something that seems to be rare with so called pop stars these days . I love that I can listen to this CD and understand the words to every song clearly . The power in his voice is unsurpassed by anyone in recent years . Every song on this CD is great . It would be impossible to pick a favorite . I ca n't wait for his next release .
 I love Measure of a Man . I really , really , do .1 . Invisible - a pure pop song . Fun and catchy and great to sing along to , especially the chorus .2 . I Will Carry You - a really moving song of support and encouragement with some awesome money notes in there ! 3 . The Way - soooo romantic and my boyfriend and I 's `` song '' . Beautiful ! 4 . When You Say You Love Me - with a slight country feel , this upbeat number is a lot of fun for riding in the car and singing at the top of your lungs .5 . No More Sad Songs - oooh , Clay is mad ! This song is kinda Elton John-esque . Very catchy , very strong vocals .6 . Run to Me - this one is absolutely heart-stoppingly gorgeous , and the bridge is to die for . Feels like an anthem from a romantic movie like `` My Heart Will Go On '' from Titanic ... only a lot less grating . Hee .7 . Shine - very mellow rock kind of feel . One of my favorites on the album with great lyrics .8 . I Survived You - an angst-ridden , modern man 's version of `` I Will Survive '' . Very rock-ish . Awesome ! 9 . This is the Night - hell , everyone knows this song . It gives me goosebumps every time I listen to it . Stunning .10 . Perfect Day - LOL , I typed Perfect Clay at first by mistake . This one is another one of my faves ... it 's the most rock-oriented song on the album and Aiken nails it ! 11 . Measure of a Man - the title track is absolutely gorgeous . Very emotional and moving with a powerful message .12 . Touch - wow , did n't expect this one ! With an almost-Latin beat , this song has driving guitars and percussion . The lyrics are sensual without being overtly sexual . Amazing.All in all , a fantastic album . Well worth checking out .
 I love Clay Aiken , and I am a die-hard fan ... I guess you could call me a `` Claymate . '' The CD is really good , but I really would have liked to see some better-known writers -LRB- such as Neil Sedaka , who has said he would like to write for Clay -RRB- write some songs for the album and help to show off Clay 's power and range . He does well on the songs here , but I know he 's capable of better.A note to the negative reviewers
 I loved this CD . I have watched Clay ever since he was on American Idol . People who do n't like Clay 's CD need to get a life and shut up because Measure of a Man is the greatest CD of the year . Clay should have won American Idol because he has an original voice , sweet personality , and is very refreshing to listen to . I love you Clay !!!! Double Platinum - the fans have spoken
 This CD is totally awesome , every song was a enjoyment to listen to , never had to skip to another song like other CD
 Clay 's CD reminds me of the music I enjoyed as a teenager -- you could understand the words and there was actually a tune to it so you could sing along . It 's about time that someone realized that there is a difference between singing and merely shouting vulgarities . Hopefully , other so-called musical artists will follow Clay 's lead and record music that adults and teens and young children can enjoy together and not be embarrassed by the lyrics or get a migraine . This CD is full of beautiful songs , masterfully performed by a REAL man with a beautiful voice !
 Clay comes through with a great album ! I am so glad as this is the most inspiring and down to earth young man . He is what we need in this sad world ! Go Clay ! ~ ~ ~ and all the best wishes for a wonderful career . You deserve it ! I think there are several songs on this album that could be big time hits and ` signature ' songs for Clay . The only thing I would say , is that I would have liked a few ` familiar ' songs along with all the wonderful new ones . P.S. I am easily old enough to be Clay 's Mom , so like they say , this album should please us all !!!
 I think my title says it all and Billboard agrees . Clay 's voice and delivery are fantastic . Rather than listen to me just pick up a copy and listen to it and I am sure you will agree !
 A pop album like this is n't ususally my cup of tea . But Clay Aiken has a very special talent ... and the more I listen to this CD , the more I love it . The songs hook you , and it 's all good .
 I eagerly anticipated the release of this CD . I was not totally thrilled with the choice of songs and felt that Clay was n't necessarily in `` his element . '' However , with that said ... he delivered on this CD . His incredible voice shines through on every track . In my very humble , non-professional opinion , I would loved to have had at least one or two familiar tracks that took advantage of his voice , such as Solitaire . Bottom line ... buy this CD ... you wo n't regret it .
 This is an incredible cd , I have been listening to it nonstop since its release . Aiken is blessed with one of the most amazing voices in music history and this collection of songs is very enjoyable . There is something for everyone in this radio-friendly debut
 Clay 's debut full-length CD is incredible . His amazing voice soars with so much passion from the first track `` Invisible '' to the last track `` Touch . '' I just abosolutely loved it and will need to buy another CD for my home as well as the one in my car that I listen to on my way to and from work each day . My favorite track was `` The Way '' -- I have played it so many times -- I ca n't get enough of his amazing voice . This CD was worth waiting for and is definitely a MUST for anyone who loves good music . The only negative to his first CD was that there were only 12 songs -- I would have loved it to have been more with Solitare and Unchained Melody on this CD as well . You feel as if Clay is singing to you in each and every song ; I just love the way each song showcases his incredible range and voice -- he is an amazing talent and should soar to the top .
 Love the cd . Every time I listen to it I enjoy it more . Ca n't decide which song I like best . Something for everyone , couple pretty love songs and couple that are trendier and edgier . Only complaint - some of it seems a little over produced , I ` ld like to hear more Clay , less production !
 Where do I start . This CD has everything a great pop album should have . Great lyrics , great melodies , and a great vocalist . This CD surpassed my expectations . I am truly grateful to Clive Davis for accepting nothing but the best for Clay . And I am extremely proud of Clay of sticking to his guns about the content . To me all the songs are enjoyable I have had this CD playing in my car , home , work non-stop . It IS that good . Very rarely do I enjoy every song on a CD , but this CD is enjoyable from start to finish . Personal favorites are Run to Me and Shine . Clay just knows how to sell a song with that powerful and emotive voice ! Ca n't wait for his sophomore CD . I 'm sure it will only get better from here . Though I do n't see how it can : -RRB-
 Thank you , Clay Aiken , for a refreshing change to today 's not-so-popular pop music . Not only is Mr. Aiken 's voice relaxed , soothing and versatile , he actually SINGS ; he does n't , for lack of a better term , `` Mariah Carey '' the notes all over the place . For this he should be commended - and emulated by future artists . Keep up the excellent work , Mr. Aiken !
 A showcase for Mr. Aiken 's exceptional voice , this power-pop album had me singing along in no time . Every cut 's a potential Top 10 hit . There 's something for everyone here , from the power-chord-radiant ballad ` Run To Me ' , to the catchy Beatle-esque ` Shine ' and ` Perfect Day ' , to the country-flavored ` When You Say You Love Me ' , to the breathtakingly beautiful love ballad ` The Way ' . A minor disappointment for this fan
 Clay 's voice is so incredible , that I just melt when I hear it ! He has such power in his voice , yet it is so pure at the same time ! My favorite songs are Run to Me , I Survived You , and Measure of a Man . These songs sound most like Clay to me . His album is a true reflection of the voice that we have come to know and love !
 Clay Aiken has burst into the scene as someone so refreshingly different that it 's hard to ignore his talent . I love every song on the album -- they mostly have the same power-balad sound , but they suit Clay 's range perfectly . It 's great to finally hear a CD where each songs fits the artist . My favorites are Run To Me , No More Sad Songs , and Measure of a Man .
 This is a very polished CD-Clay has done an amazing job ! Every song is quite good . I feel that anyone unfamiliar with Clay would be impressed with his smooth , soaring vocals . A very classy CD to be enjoyed !
 clay is my dawg . we all the know the boy can saaaaaang his little heart out . but i do agree that this album could have deserved some better material . some material with a little more feeling and emotion to complement clay 's ability . but nonetheless it is a good debut album . this is just the beginning mr. clay aiken . u go boy !!!
 I love the album but Clay could sing `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' and I 'd beg to hear it again . Enough great balads that you can stand the absence of `` Solitare '' . The only problem is that there are too many seconds from the end of one track to the start of the next one . I usually have a favorite track or two on albums that I purchase but this time it is a tough choice . I could n't listen again fast enough . I already loved the two singles -LRB- `` This is the Night '' and `` Invisible -RRB- so I just considered the ones I had n't heard . `` The Way '' , `` Shine '' , `` Measure of a Man '' and `` I Survived You '' jump out at me as candidates for future videos or just swaying to in stadium with a lighter but there are no losers when Clay sings .
 I bought the cd and have listened to it many times . Clay does n't disappoint . If you liked him on AI and if you liked his single ; you 'll love this cd .
 I knew I was getting this for Christmas , so it was hard to wait . I loved him so much on AI , I was worried that the album would be a disappointment , but I was wrong ! As I listened , I just had to shake my head . Why did Clay lose again ? He is definitely a winner on this album . For a debut , this CD does n't show it . The songs are mature , and his voice is perfect , as always . My only negative would be to have a few more songs as upbeat as `` Invisible '' , but overall , Measure of a Man not only measured up to , but it surpassed my expectations !
 Since I 'm not obligated to follow a rigid party line in reviewing this album , I 'll give whomever is considering purchasing it an honest evaluation . This is a lush , beautiful album with clean lyrics sung by one of the best vocalists I 've ever heard . It takes me back to the time when music had actual melodies and lyrics . It makes me happy to listen to it -LRB- which I 've done about 100 times now -RRB- . Clay Aiken is not trying to `` be '' anything . He is trying to entertain with his phenomenal voice , which he does beautifully . What a concept !
 I have read some of the negative reviews , obviously from the American Idol 's fans , do n't even listen to them , Just listen to Clay 's music . After hearing a track from the cd Invisible on the radio , I loved it , loved the voice , and had to hear more . This CD is great , Clay Aiken 's voice is PURE talent . Clay sings alone on his CD , as a debut CD should be , but with his voice , thats all he needs . Track 1 through 12 clearly proves he has a gift that the world will embrace , and will be wanting more of . Keep an eye on this guy , he has the staying power !
 Clay has an absolutely fantastic voice and `` Measure of a Man '' showcases his voice beautifully . Clay is a true artist and a natural talent unlike I have ever heard before . I will purchase any C.D. that he releases !
 I highly recommend this CD , Clay 's voice is amazing . I 'm so glad he is finally getting the recognition he deserves . My favorite song is `` Measure of a Man '' but they are all wonderful . Add this CD to your collection you wo n't be sorry and you 'll forever be a fan !
 I read the amazon.com review and its people like that that do not enjoy good music , at least we can understand the words and we can hear the wonderful voice singing the songs . I just wish for once people could be truly happy for this young manand let him do his thing . He has proven all his critics wrong so go for it CLAY and continue to make them look foolish.WE LOVE YOU !
 I am not a fan of reality shows so I have no bones to grind aboutwho won or lost , but I do love good music which there has beena dreadful lack of in the last 15 years . For those of us that hate hiphop , rap and wannabe sound alikes there has been verylittle to listen to . I do n't even listen to the radio anymore.This CD is the best thing to come along in the last 15 years . Atlast someone with a real voice singing real songs that you canunderstand the lyrics and sing along with . I was a fan of the bigvoice era , Chicago , Boston , Kansas , Styx , Journey etc. . This kidhas a voice to compete with any of them . I now own 3 copies , onefor home , one for the car and one for work . I love the idea ofPAY IT FORWARD what a great movement to assure we have some greatmusic to listen to . This CD will be a great stocking stuffer foreveryone on my Xmas list . If you have not bought this CD do itnow . The only thing the record companies understand is sales , soif we want another CD by Mr. Aiken we need to make sure the salesare enormous or there probably wo n't be another . The sad truthabout the music industry , they do not care about talent only thebottom line . BUY IT !
 Not since the likes of Donny Osmond have I been as excited and supportive of an entertainer . Clay Aiken has talked about values and principles , he has demonstrated that he is a man worthy to be measured by the same values and principles he has talked about.As an entertainer , Clay Aiken moves me , his voice thrills me and Clay Aiken has shown that he is a performer to be reckoned with . In listening to his songs , I listen to the way he sings the words . He has an exceptional skill of depicting the emotions of the lyrics and he draws me into the song.I wonder if all the reviewers who have rated this cd with only 1 or 2 stars have even listened to the songs . These reviewers have an obvious agenda and that is to put this great artist down . Fans of Clay 's friend , Ruben who is unhappy that Clay was allowed to release his cd first ? I think by reading their reviews , I might equate that question to , `` Is the Pope Catholic ? `` If you want to review a cd , listen to it with an unbiased start . You may have to listen to it again or sometimes a few times over and slowly but surely , Clay Aiken will show you that this cd , Measure of a Man is worthy of a double platinum and 5 stars .
 I knew without a doubt that I was going to buy Clay Aikens new CD before it even hit the stores . This man could sing nursery rymes and it would sound amazing . His new CD is more than amazing . I listen to it over and over again . The songs on this CD are worth singing along with and the music is worth dancing too . Clays new CD is awesome for date night or when you just want to relax alone . I predict hearing some of his music in movies . Both my daughter and I love this CD and I bet you will too ! Way to go Clay , thank you for this awesome music !
 This CD has very quickly become one of my favorites . I 've heard a lot of music and a lot of singers in my lifetime and purely vocally speaking , this guy 's one of the best I 've ever heard.No , he may not be a gifted musician , playing five different instruments and producing or even writing his songs on the album.But simply put , this guy sings his heart out on each and every beautifully written song on this CD.He was lucky enough to all but win American Idol , which put him in a position to enlist the best songwriters out there and he did them PROUD !! This is a rare CD in which I can listen to and enjoy each and every song without growing tired of or skipping a single one.My favorites are the title track , `` Run to Me , '' and `` I Survived You '' but that 's only a carefully chosen three out of 12 amazing songs.If you like hearing a talented singer singing catchy , pretty songs , buy this CD , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This cd does a nice job of showcasing the range , emotion and color of Aiken 's powerful voice . The expected ballads are there , as well as more upbeat songs like `` Invisible '' and `` Touch '' . I appreciate that this is not an album of covers - this is a good first move to go beyond American Idol . I especially like how the `` big '' guitars in `` I Survived You '' compliment his `` big '' voice . In contrast , `` The Way '' and `` Measure of a Man '' show a more tender side to his singing . I ca n't decide if I want to sing along , or just listen and enjoy !
 Do n't you hate it when you really love a song from an artist , buy the CD , and then only like a couple of songs from the CD?Not with this one . I 've listened through at least 5 times and enjoy every track . I 'm not tempted to skip through any of the tunes.There are powerful ballads like I Will Carry You , The Way , No More Sad Songs , and Run To Me . There also some more uptempo songs like Invisible , When You Say You Love Me , and Touch.Clay pours his heart into every song and he can really belt out a tune . The title track , Measure of a Man has a very powerful message.When I buy a CD it 's always one CD . This one I 've already bought 4 , one for my CD player , one for my stero , and one for the car . The other one will be a gift , and I have a feeling I 'll be buying more for more gifts during the holidays . I just want to share this CD with all my friends and family .
 This is a stellar debut album from a stellar guy!First album I 've bought that I loved every song on it ! Buy it ! It will not disappoint !
 Every song on this CD is good . I ca n't pick a favorite song because I love them all . There is such a good variety as well . You wo n't be disappointed when you buy this CD !!!
 I have really looked forward to this CD and I am not disappointed . Clay hits the right note of emotion in each song . It was odd listening to him sing new songs and a bit unnerving at first because I had gotten used to hearing him sing other people 's . But after a second and third listen I found myself really hooked . The CDis going to be a commercial blockbuster and is a fitting beginning to what I know will be a long and successful career .
 You will love this CD . It is a joy to listen to . Clay has a great voice and this CD showcases his talent .
 I am listening to Clay 's CD as I write this review . With chills running up and down my spine at the beauty of this man 's voice . Of course the title song , Measure of a Man is just about the best song I have ever heard anyone sing . Some of the other songs would sound like so much rubbish but Clay 's sincerity finds its way through to the listeners hearts . Run To Me and No More Sad Songs also spoke to me . I am sure that Clay will go far with his gift from God of one of the most magnificent voices I have had the pleasure to hear . His is a voice for all generations and all seasons . Give that boy an A + .
 All I can saw is that it is such a pleasure to listen to songs that have some meaning . Also , every song on the CD is so good that you can not stop listening to them . I am looking forward to his second album already .
 There is no words to describe how absolutely wonderful this cd is !! I 've always loved Clay and he is outstandingly amazing in this cd ! I strongly encourage everybody to buy this cd -- I bought two copies ! You wo n't regret it !
 Yes , I am a classic rock fan . However , my wife loved Clay during the recent American Idol competitions . She got me to watch some of them , and I had to admit that Clay has an excellent voice . This album proves that it is more than a temporary condition . He sounds good and can really belt some while still showing emotion . Some of the second half starts to show some sameness , but most songs on their own are pretty good . It is good to actually see some talent showing up in the pop charts .
 The album Measure of a Man consists of songs that are slightly different than the style he 's known for , but fans of Clay Aiken 's vocal ability will not be disappointed . During the show American Idol , fans loved Clay 's versatility and hearing the different textures in Clay 's voice . On this album he experiments with a new vocal sound which we have n't heard before . It seems like Clay is trying to stretch his boundaries a little bit , and I 'm glad to see that . We do n't hear as much of Clay 's rich lower register on this album , but I expect that we will see more of that in future albums . I am sure Clay will continue to grow as a singer as his career progresses.My favorite tracks on this album - Measure of a Man -LRB- track 11 -RRB- - This is a song about judging a man by his character and his actions rather than by superficial standards . It 's very appropriate for Clay to sing since it is so important to him that he always behaves in a manner that makes him a good role model . During American Idol , Clay Aiken gained fans by his excellent renditions of old classics . I think Measure of a Man continues that tradition as it is a song that could possibly become a classic in its own right.Shine -LRB- track 7 -RRB- - I love everything about Shine . The meaning of the song is very sweet . It has a midtempo beat and the tune is very catchy and pleasing to the ears . It 's very modern and trendy , but it has a unique distinctive sound and it 'll never be mistaken for `` just another generic pop song . '' I love the background music was well written , and it compliments Clay 's singing very well . I would like Clay to stand out more from the background instruments , at times , but his voice still manages to `` shine '' in this song.No More Sad Song - What 's interesting about Clay is his versatility . `` No More Sad Song '' has a different sound from either `` Measure of a Man '' or `` Shine . '' It has a bit of a retro 80 's feel to it while still fitting into modern pop music . Clay 's voice is well utilised in this song . There are a lot of power notes , as well as some more gentler tones.There are lot 's of other great tracks on this album . Mr. Aiken has done an excellent job on it , and I ca n't wait to see his future work .
 Finally , not just a new Superstar , but a TRUE American Idol we can be proud of . He will have a positive influence on everyone , a kind and gentle soul , and I love every beautiful song that he sings .
 Clay 's rich soothing voice resonates through every song . With moving lyrics sung with great passion , Clay stays true to who he is .
 I have never purchased a CD that I liked EVERY song on it until now . I loved every track on this CD ; great variety of songs . My favorites are The Way , Touch and Measure of a Man . You can just FEEL the emotion when he sings these songs . When You Say You Love Me is another favorite - very catchy and just makes my heart happy . Glad I bought more than one CD - I know I will wear just one out playing over and over . Thank you Clay .
 This is a GREAT CD for Clay Aiken , the best tracks on this CD are Track 1 Invisible and Track 6 Run to me . I think he will have number one hits with both . The whole CD is great and it shows Clays talent and his versatility as an artist , they really did a good job with this one , Clay I Love Ya !!!!
 This album is the one I have been waiting for ! Finally , something to listen to that does n't sound like a porn video , has a great vocalist , and good tunes ! Thank you , Thank you , Thank you !!!!
 This CD is packed with songs that not only beautiful but are safe for all to hear . In an age where kids are listening to music that is more harm than good , this CD has great pop songs sung by one of the most beautiful voices I 've ever heard . This CD is great for adults and teens . Beautiful lyrics as well as beautiful music . This really is a treat for all !
 Clay Aiken 's voice is golden - anbd this cd proves it . you will get ongs with edge , ballads , feel good songs , angsty songs . worth every penny you will spend on it .
 After repeated listens , I can honestly say there is not one song on this album I dislike , which is something I have never found . Each song has a different feel , and they range from spirited and lively , to haunting.I LOVE IT !
 This CD is not just a great debut album , but a truly amazing one . Usually when I buy a CD I only love one or two tracks , may like two or three more , and either tolerate or hate the rest . Here every single song is so good it is hard to pick a favorite . I was also amazed at the variety of the songs . Clay 's voice soars in the title track , `` Measure of a Man '' . `` Touch '' is a very catchy and sensual song with a surprising Latin flavor that will just make you want to get up and dance . `` When You Say You Love Me '' introduces a little of a country flavor . `` No More Sad Songs '' and `` I Survived You '' are just powerful songs that showcase his incredible voice but with a little rock sound thrown in . `` The Way '' is just the type of beautiful love ballad that he is famous for . None of the songs disappoints . This is definitely a must-buy !
 This is by far the best CD I have ever heard . I am 40 years old and I have listened to a few . When I heard his voice on American Idol I was hooked . I have never heard such a beautiful voice in my life . From what I have seen of his interviews he is the most wonderful person as well . Congratulations Clay and keep it up !! WE LOVE YOU IN OREGON !!!
 I loved Clay Aiken from the first note he sang on American Idol . I waited with anticipation for the release of the CD , even attending a CD party so I could hear the CD first ! And I was not disappointed . . in any of the songs . In my long life , I have never bought an albun or CD and loved every song . Every track on this CD was better than the last . Althought I would rather watch Clay sing in person , this is totally worth every cent and I recommend it to everyone . Beautiful voice , beautiful music , beautiful person and hopefully another CD to come soon !!
 To those who make a big issue over who `` won '' I offer these words
 I really enjoyed listening to Clay on AI and seeing him come out of his shell and try different songs . When I opened this CD I was at first a little disappointed , I admit , because I thought some of the songs sounded the same . However after listening to it a 2nd and 3rd time I quickly fell in love with almost all the songs . I especially love `` This is the Way '' I could listen to it over and over and over again . I would recommend this CD to others and if at first you are n't totally impressed give it a 2nd try you 'll like it .
 I love this CD . I have had it since the day it came out and the more I listen to it , the more I fall in love with it.My favorite song , The Way is going to be the next single from the album and it will also be released as a single with Clay 's version of Solitaire by Neil Sedaka in January 2004 . I seriously think this song could be the # 1 song of the year . It is gorgeous and Clay 's voice just soars with it . You get chills listening to it and just want to grab your lover and fall in love all over again when you hear it.The first single for the Album , Invisible , just wo n't get out of your head after hearing it . I love it and apparently lots of other people do too since Clay has been performing it at all the Christmas POP concerts in select cities and the entire audience just starts singing their hearts out with Clay while he is performing.My next favorite song is I Will Carry You which will also be released as a single and probably right after The Way.Other songs that blow me away are Measure of A Man , Run to Me , Shine and Perfect Day.At first I was n't crazy about When You Say You Love Me but that song has also become one of my favorites on the album and I am hoping that RCA will release this one to the Country stations because I think it will be a big hit there.Overall , this album is a definite buy . Buy it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I have listened to this CD at least 100 times since buying it , & I never seem to tire of Clay Aiken 's voice . It is delightful to hear music that makes me want to sing along -- gosh , I can understand all the words ! So happy to hear a singer enunciate all the words ! Most albums have a few so-so songs , but EVERY song on this CD is terrific.I have n't bought a new album for myself in over 10 years , but I hereby pledge to purchase every song this marvelous man puts out . Have my fingers crossed he 'll soon release Unchained Melody . I knew the Righteous Brothers in the early 60 's , but Clay 's version is even better . I see great things for Clay Aiken -- evidently so do a lot of other folks , as the last time I checked , there were 306 fan groups on Yahoo .
 It is n't often that I buy a CD and listen to every track but on this one I do . There is n't one that I want to skip over . I had my favorites to begin with of course -LRB- The Way and MOAM -RRB- but the rest are n't far behind and ones that were more to the bottom of the list -LRB- remembering that I like them all -RRB- have moved up to the third and forth spot . Clays voice is amazing and in my opinion every song is a winner .
 Clay Aiken has an awesome voice and his talent will continue to grow his fan base . I believe he will be a HUGE star and will surpass some of the legends . Clay 's debut CD is excellent with many beautiful songs and upbeat melodies . He sings , as always , with perfect pitch and a rich , melodious voice . I could listen to him sing forever . Great first effort .
 I was not disappointed by this CD at all . I truly believe that Clay will be the next Elton John , Paul McCartney , Elvis Presley all rolled into one amazing talent . There is n't a song on this CD I did not like . Besides the released `` Invisible '' , I was impressed with `` The Way '' , `` I Will Carry You '' , and `` Run to Me '' . This is just his first professional CD and it is awesome . I see only more good things to come from this young man . His voice can only get better and that almost seems impossible . I only wish I could be `` invisible '' and spend one day with this young man . I could listen to him all day . There are very few young artist out there today that possess the staying power Clay will have for decades , or as long as he wants it . He will have his fans eating out of his hands very soon . Yes , I 'm gushing , but I am not exagerating . Just open your ears , listen and you will agree . Buy this CD it is a wonderful mix of songs .
 I bought this album out of curiousity . It took me a few plays to warm up to it , but after listening a bit , it really grew on me . Clay has a superb voice and excellent range , more or less untouched by all the modern mixing that is so popular these days.I 'm a little embarrassed to say it , as my tastes are usually more along the lines of System of a Down and Linkin Park , but Clay 's CD is so easy to listen to , it has earned a permanent place in my CD player . Eek ! There , I said it!Even if you do n't generally like `` pop '' , give this kid a chance . Love or hate the music behind it , his voice will absolutely blow you away . Simply Awesome !!
 I 've been a Clay Aiken fan since the first time I heard his magnificent voice . I 'll buy all album he records . However , I think the songs on this album -LRB- other than `` This is the Night '' -RRB- do n't show the range and quality of his voice , which is truly superb .
 Clay Aiken is by far the most talented vocally of everybody from the first two years of American Idol . This CD showcases even more of his incredible voice than we heard on the show . It is also no wonder that there were no delays in his release . I guarantee Clay will have spent the shortest amount of time in the studio . He has pinpoint control over that voice , which is even more incredible ! Kelly 's CD took forever to be released and then disappointed me with what I consider an overdose of R&B flavor . Reuben is not due to be released until December . That 's a shame . Clay has the talent and flexibility to last for years to come . I do n't know about his song writing ability but everyone is not a writer . The songs written for this CD range from very good to excellent musically and vocally and fit Clay 's voice very well . Overall , this CD is very , very good from top to bottom . No noticeable weak spots . I look forward to enjoying his music for a long time to come . Also , congratulations and good luck to him on his nomination for an American Music Award for best performance by a male vocalist !!!
 If I read one more scathing review from some so-called music critic I am definitely going to have to start cancelling some subscriptions ! This is a great , great album ! It 's so nice to actually be able to understand the words and Mr. Aiken 's voice is just incredible ! I went to work today with the lyrics running through my head and a smile on my face ! I am so tired of critics trying to categorize Clay 's music . I 'm probably the last person who expected to be so connected to Clay 's music . Two weeks ago I got a speeding ticket on the way home while listening to Aerosmith ! There 's just something so wonderfully refreshing about Clay and his music !
 After watching Clay on AI , I thought I had heard it all . That is until his singles came out and I was touched . Then came this album , his first and it is amazing . I have caught every TV interview and performance and this guy is great . It is nice to see a performer grateful for the opportunity and all of the people who helped make his dreams come true . I think this album shows his thanks as well . The songs are heartfelt and believable ! It has been a long time coming and I hope this is only the beginning to many more wonderful songs and future hits of Clay Aiken ! Thank You American Idol for finding this guy and allowing all of us to put him on the map !
 the golden voice , the emotion , the lyrics , the molody , the interpretation of every song , it goes straight to everybody 's heart.that even the terrorists heart might be touch if they will hear Clay 's golden voice and his music . i wish ! i wish ! Thank you very much Mr.Clay Aiken . God Bless you Always . Amelia
 LOVED IT ! It was worth the wait . Clay 's voice is amazing ! I ca n't wait until his next CD . I especially love Measure of a Man and Invisable ...
 Love the CD , did n't dislike any of the songs which is unusual for me . Caught myself singing along !
 This was an outstanding CD !! I have been anticipating it for quite some time now and believe me , it 's worth the wait ! My favorite songs on the CD are probably `` The Way '' which is a great slow song , the title song , which implies his smooth vocals and hits those high notes like you wouldnt believe !! I also love `` Touch '' which is amazing lyrics that really capture you . Every song on this CD is truly breathtaking and I do n't usually find a CD where I love every single song equally as much . I look forward to hearing more from him . WAY TO GO CLAY !!
 Clay could easily become the adult contemporary 's male answer to Celine Dion . Even saying that I want to mention first off , I was looking for a real seam-splitting breakout of Clay 's awesome range but really there are no `` power ballads '' on this album . If you want `` that '' Clay or the `` Broadway Clay '' , rewind your tapes of old AI episodes . This album is more of a toned down , polished , mature sounding Clay . Do n't get me wrong though - that is exactly the way it should be given the material on this album . What 's the most impressive point is that Clay recorded this entire album in a limited amount of time , with great weight and expectations on his shoulders and a lot of strain on his vocal chords from weeks rehearsing on AI and then on subsequent tours and personal appearances . There were points after AI finished where you could clearly hear the strains on his voice -LRB- like his appearance with Justin and Ruben on -LRB- a talk show -RRB- . Who can blame the poor man after all that his voice has been through ? However when listening to this album you would never ever know the stressful factors behind it that must even surpass the load other recording artists normally experience with an album 's recording sessions . Throughout the album he maintains an immaculate clarity , enunciation and tone that is gleaming with perfection achieved I 'm sure by his hours of rehearsals for AI . In comparison to Kelly Clarkson 's debut which flipped from R&B to pop making it almost dizzying to listen to at times , it was clear from the start that Clay had a certain sound and was going to be sticking to it . Refreshingly enough there is the appearance of real , actual instruments instead of only pre-fabricated mechanical drum beats and synthesizers throughout . I heard a few acoustic guitars and a piano in some tunes ! On AI he was told to go for the gusto and really belt the tunes out , after all he was in a competition then , but as soon as you listen to the first track , `` Invisible '' , you will hear a toned down Clay - which is n't a bad thing . For it 's more difficult and admirable when a performer can sound good showing restraint without needing to scream his or her lungs out every time . The album is definitely more adult contemporary than main-stream pop . Of course there 's nothing wrong with that but I found it an interesting twist from Clive Davis since Clay does have so many fans within that main stream category . Perhaps this is a wiser move yet to instill a more credible standing within the music industry . We can only wonder . Even more shocking is the Beatlesque or Oasis-like sounds of `` Shine '' and the 60s-ish `` Perfect Day '' . I have heard Clay 's voice compared to Rick Astley -LRB- an observation I first made during his AI audition -RRB- and David Cassidy - both are fitting . `` No More Sad Songs '' is an `` I 'm not taking your stuff anymore '' anthem . It 's `` the '' hard soft song on the album . `` When You Say You Love Me '' has a weak start lyric-wise but the chorus is catchy and Clay turns it into something more listenable . I write songs myself and I take offense to lyrics I find a bit cheesy or songwriters who rhyme things like `` I love you , do you love me too ? '' for example . It was impossible to find any credible flaws within Clay 's performance although I would 've liked a little more personalized touch from him -LRB- which I 'm sure we 'll get in the follow up album -RRB- . The songs on `` Measure '' , although not written by him , show a maturity that I feel is coming from within him . He has shattered the stereotype of only being a Broadway style singer on this album . I found it interesting though that `` Measure Of A Man '' , the title song of the album , was the most Broadway sounding track on there and not because he belted it out but the overall style of the song as it was written sounded like it came from a play or other stage production . It even has a conversation like tone which is again , not Clay 's fault , it is the writers ' faults . That song is one that I like the least but his vocals make it much better . `` I Will Carry You '' could become an instant classic for soft rock stations everywhere and I mean that with the utmost sincerity and respect since I listen to soft rock everyday . It 's catchy , it 's meaningful and it 's done without making us turn down the volume when listening in the car or at work . It will truly be a shame and a slight to Clay 's efforts if that one is n't released as a single . `` Run To Me '' is also a lovely song with meaning . Now some disappointments for me
 What a spectacular debut from Clay Aiken ! I am really in love with this album - It 's so relaxing and so mellow , and I love it ! My favorite is the title song , Invisible , and , * heart thump * The Way . This is truly a quality album , and definitely worth the money ! Enjoy !
 Wow ! I give this CD 10 stars . . I love every song ! I love'Measure Of A Man ' alot !!! And I love ` Touch ' too . . And all the other 10 . . lolClay 's CD is AMAZING !! Ibought 7 on October 14th -LRB- yesterday -RRB- 1 . . to play 1 . . to hang on wall 1 . . to hang poster upand the other 5 just to have for support ! : DLOVE YOUR CD CLAY !!!!
 I was a Ruben fan during american idol and I still am , but I would have to say clay 's CD is much better than Ruben 's . This CD though is HUGELY over rated.There are about 4 or 5 just boring songs on this CD compared to Kelly Clarkson , who 's songs are all great.Aiken really shines though on Perfect Day , my favorite track on the album and Invisible .
 Clay Aiken has an amazingly awesome voice . He can be powerful and passionate , playful , rocky , and sensitive and soulful.Hits : InvisibleTouchPerfect DayThe WayNo More Sad SongsRun To MeMisses : I Will Carry You-This song has a good message , but it 's lost in the monotonous tempo and forgettable sound . It 's a very boring and unmemorable song.Shine-This song has the worst lyrics of them all . `` Hey Butterfly , open your weary eyes '' . It totally drowns out Clay 's voice and makes him sound like someone he is not.Possible Hits : I Survived YouMeasure of a ManWhen You Say You Love me
 When I first listened to this cd I thought It was ok . Then on the second listen , I turned up the volume so I could hear Clay 's wonderful voice and listen to the words . I soon changed my opinion . I have listened to it many many times since . My favorite songs are The Way , I Survived You , and Measure of a Man . The Lyrics are very powerful including his voice . I suggest for all of those who thought this cd was ok . Listen to it again and pump up the volume and see if you do n't change your mind .
 I admit it
 I am surprised by what bad reviews Clay has received here . I purchased the CD today and have played it twice now . I am quite satisfied.You know it 's a great song if on the first play you find yourself wanting to play it over again . Although I ca n't say all of these tracks made me feel this way , a few did . These were , `` Invisible , '' I Will Carry You , '' `` When You Say You Love Me , '' `` I Survived You '' and of course `` This Is The Night . `` I enjoyed all tracks . It 's hard to find a CD that you can actually say that about ! Though I have one complaint . . the track titled `` No More Sad Song ! '' I do n't know maybe it 's not such a bad song , and even though I do n't have a problem with Elton John , just being reminded of Elton 's song `` Sad Songs '' made me want to scream ! God I hate that song !!! -LRB- Sorry fans of that song . -RRB- I know it 's not the same song that clay is singing ... I just do n't like the title!Overall , 12 tracks and only just the one I could n't stand to hear , just based on Elton Johns song ...
 I 'm from Malaysia and we do n't get to see American Idol here . So , i really had no idea why everyone made such a big deal about him when i first saw him on MTV . But , as soon as i saw and heard Invincible , i wanted to know as much as i could about this guy . Who is this ` Tanah Liat ' guy ? , I thought . -LRB- Tanah Liat is what Clay means in Bahasa Melayu -RRB- . So , i bought the album , listenned to it , and completely fell in love with it . I was afraid that the album was going to dissapoint me , but it never did . My money was definitely worth it.I never thought that i could love any other song more than Invincible , but soon after , i heard ` The Way ' . God , it 's just a very romantic song and it makes me think about the people that i love everytime i listen to it.Another of my favourite is The Touch . It 's catchy and it makes you smile . You 'll never feel blue when you 're listenning to this song ! It 's my new Feel Good Song ! I listen to it everyday when i wake up in the morning!Honestly , i was always one who thought that Ballads were boring . I was more into fast beat numbers and had always wished that ` Dirty Pop ' would rule again one day . Clay is different from the other artists out there . You ca n't label him because he is unique . His style , his voice , his personality , his looks and just everything about him , sets him apart from everyone else in the music industry . I LOVE CLAY AIKEN!You guys were so lucky to be able to vote for him on AI ! I wish i have American TV here in Malaysia !
 CLay Aiken is the best - his CD is fabulous and he is so much better than Ruben Stoddard . He is a genuine American Idol , handsome , cute , loves God , wholesome , and a really nice person . I only hope he stays # 1 forever .
 MOAM is my favorite CD . I enjoy every track ~ ca n't say that for too many CD 's these days , imo . It 's music that my entire family enjoys and that I am not worried about having my Tween daughters listen too.Makes a wonderful gift .
 Great CD , great voice ! Looking forward to seeing this artist grow with stronger material and more vocal training . Right now his voice is beautiful , just imagine the potential . For those of you who quibble about him not writing his music -- I believe there are many great singers out there who did not or do not write their music . . i.e. Elvis , Frank Sinatra , Tony Bennet , Aretha -LRB- not sure -RRB- , Whitney and I could go on.There are also many artists out there who write their own music and should n't sing it , and many who get credit for writing their music , when in reality they are co writing and really contribute a minimal amount . Is Clay Aiken the next Elvis or Frank -- do n't know yet -- but I do know that his voice is amazing , not a mimic of a voice from the past and it has touched many of us out here who have been waiting for real music to return . But I digress . I recommend this CD for the beauty and warmth of Clay 's voice and the songs you 'll love to sing along with .
 To those of u who critize this album , you have n't heard him since these songs in person ! His voice is so powerful I can see why Randy said `` where is that voice coming from '' . The Way is great as is Touch . Invisible is catchy and is what he is identified with.He sings beautifully - so talented - and will be around for a long time . Go see him !!!
 This album is a great start to a , hopefully , long career . It 's been wonderful to see someone emerge the way he has . His personal story and songs are both compelling.Song Favorites :1 . No More Sad Songs2 . I survived You3 . The Way4 . When You Say You Love Me5 . Measure of a Man
 This CD showcases an amazing talent of an awesome newcomer to the music industry . Clay Aiken is what is missing in today 's music , a truly gifted voice . No talent show performances or dance routines , just a guy who sings his heart out , and does it so well . The songs are all so touching , and full of feeling . We all know how good Invisible is , but for those who have n't heard the rest of the CD you are in for a real treat . A ballad , `` The Way '' is such a great song and Clay delivers it with such emotion . I WILL CARRY YOU , PERFECT DAY , ahhhh are very good also . I can not pick a favorite on this CD , all are that good , so many songs are potential hits . FINALLY , FINALLY a truly talented artist , how long has it been since we have had someone that can sing so well without all the gimmicks other artists use to cover up their limited vocal ability . Watch out world , Clay Aiken is here .
 I love Clay Aiken 's CD , Measure of a Man . Better than I expected . I liked him on AI2 and always knew he would make it big . His contribution to the music industry maby be overlooked by others , but not by his fans . He is a real gem . His voice is so versatile and displayed well on this CD . I look forward to seeing/hearing more from him in 2004 . MY FAVORITE SONGS ARE : No More Sad SongsI Survived YouThe WayPerfect DayMeasure of a ManWhen You Say You Love MeTouchPlease buy Clay 's CD . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Ok ... I think this albumn is pretty good . I love his voice . The music is pretty good ! I recommend this highly . It very nice to relax to and leaves you feeling pretty upbeat and content . GO CLAY !!! I think he should make his mark on Brodway in NYC as well as this albumn !!
 I am a big Clay fan . His voice is enchanting . However , much like Kelly Clarkson 's CD , Clay 's CD is somewhat lacking . I feel that they could have done much better . Almost all of the songs are basically about the same thing - very Celine Dion-esque in a sense that they 're very ... `` you 're gon na be alright '' , if you know what i mean . The best song in my opinion is ' I Survived You ' . Bottom Line
 Amercian Pie and the red white and blue can he be anymore wholesome , If his looks matched his voice I think he would have won . Have to admit he can sing and his music appeals to a wider audience .
 As always listening to his voice gives me chills ! Its not his fault , but I could only give him a 4 out of 5 . The producers and song writers stole the other point . Clay is so talented . He has proven over and over he can sing any song ... so why dont the producers and song writers give him better material ? Some of the songs are a little on the `` bubblegum '' side . Clay is a grown man and needs more grown up songs . The last thing I want for him is to see him not taken seriously because he is being produced for a quick dollar with the teen generation . He is too good for that . He needs some songs that are going to get airplay on adult stations . I would have liked some soft rock songs . `` No more sad song '' and `` Perfect Day '' just might make it . Dont take this as a bad review ... on the contrary I would recommend it to everyone . I have not put it down since I got it the day of release . Its worth the money and aside from the few bubblegum songs the CD is great !
 Measure of a Man is Fantastic ! What a great job on choice of songs . This surely ditched the `` Barry Manilow '' image . This will satisfy young and old since it is a good mix of music . Way to go Clay-can hardly wait for # 2 !
 I love his album . I hope he makes more albums and a video .
 Clay Aiken has a voice which is unique and inviting . It is wonderful to find , in today 's market , an actual singer of songs . Clay 's voice needs no gimmicks , no enhancements , and no engineering miracles to improve his sound . His voice is pure and his range , tone , and phrasing are impeccable!No wonder Billboard Magazine called Measure of a Man the best pop album of the year ! It is filled with songs for every mood ; excitement , dancing , relaxing and loving ... give it a try , you 'll love it too !
 I love , love , love this CD very much !!! Clay Aiken 's vocals are perfect and sings so well ! Clay Aiken deserves a whole lot more radio airplay .
 I really liked this cd , and lots of the songs were fun buy Clay kind of threw away some talent on the songs Touch , and Perfect Day . Other than that , it was great ! Clay Aiken is kind of a geek , but he is still very entertaining , and I 'd like to hear more of him in the future . I would reccomend it to lots of people ! It rocks !
 Before I begin I must say that I 'm a fan of Idols . However I only watched the final show of the American Idols in which Clay was a contestant , so I really did n't know much about him.Why did I get this cd ? Well from what I saw he had potential . And I must admit that I was right . This cd is perfect for a gift for someone who is a fan of Idols . Clay has an amazing voice . Why did I only give it 4 stars ? Well it 's a good cd and all , but it does n't have that gold quality . Do n't get my wrong , I play this often when in the car but there 's not a great variety between all the songs . ` Measure Of A Man ' is definitely my favourite!If you 're into this light-hearted , catchy music then you 'll be right at home here . However if you want something deeper I 'd suggest looking elsewhere . I do n't regret purchasing this cd .
 I loved all the songs in this CD . My favorite is `` No More Sad Songs . '' Clay is my favorite since the second American Idol series . He really proved his talents on this CD . He 's got an amazing voice .
 `` Measure of a Man '' is Clay Aiken 's debut album . His powerful voice is amazingly beyond words ! It blends perfectly with his pop/soft rock theme . It 's great that he represents pop mainstream artists deserving such level of fame . His ballads contain the impact that forces the listeners to feel what he 's singing . He begins the album with the fast paced hit single `` Invincible '' , which introduces what 's to come throughout this musical journey . Regardless the level of music intensity on each individual track , he never loses his quality or his soul , even when he abandons his rock theme on `` The Way '' . Such flawless quality answers why `` This Is the Night '' became the biggest selling single of 2003 and why this album debuted at number one on Billboard Top 200 Albums Charts . `` Measure of a Man '' proves that he 'll continue entertaining for a long time . Many listeners will be entertained regardless of favorite music genre .
 LOVE IT !! LOVE IT !! LOVE IT !! I have listened to this CD since it came out on 10/14/03 -- CLAY AIKEN has a magical voice that pulls you in . All the songs are good and the outstanding songs in my opinion are `` The Way '' , `` Touch '' and `` When You Say You Love ME '' ... It is refreshing for an entertainer to have the morals and committments that Clay Aiken has !! I find myself singing along to the music -- not that you want to hear me singing . God Bless Mr. Aiken in his future endeavors !! I for one have been thrilled with the music and will continue buying anything Mr. Aiken 's releases . Go CLAY !!!!! Do n't let the nasties get you down ... there are a lot of fans that just want to hear you sing !!!!!!
 I waited so long for this CD and it was so worth the wait !!! His voice is so soulful . I love it !! This CD is so great and his voice makes every woman 's heart melt . He is the American Idol winner !! His voice The songs Great ! Great ! Great ! Buy ! Buy ! Buy ! It is worth every penny . Thanks Clay for having the voice and the talent for making me excited about music again !!! I ca n't wait for CD # 2 and your tour .
 This album is one of the best I have gotten . I wished they gave him a song to belt out his incredible voice , but the songs on the album fit him to a `` t '' . The song that tugs at my heart is `` The Way '' . I wish Clay all the best , he is by far the most talented , natural and modest male singer out there , whose voice is AMAZING . I admit it he send shivers down my spine with that voice . I called for over an hour to get one vote in , and I would do it again !!! Congrats Clay and you are the `` Measure of a Man '' .
 Clay Aiken is an amazing vocal talent . He can make ANY song sound fantastic , and he did n't disappoint in his first album . There is not a bad song on it . I do n't know if I 've ever bought an album where I did n't want to skip a single song . I ca n't wait for his next CD .
 I am simply amazed at Clay 's versatility . Not one song on this CD sounds like the other . This CD has something for everybody.This is Pop Music at it 's finest ... it 's no ` american Idol ' cheesy stuff . His Music has a definite Edge to it.I just love it . My favorite is `` Run to me '' . His powerful vocals just blow me away ! `` Invisible ' is a real Fun song and a great dancetune ! I want to also mention ` the way ' , ` perfect Day ' and ` shine ' . What can I say ? I am more than impressed with Clay 's first CD and can hardly wait for the next.The People dissapointed in Clay expected some old showtunes.Well , do n't bother if that 's what you 're looking for.Some People think this CD is too ` commercial ' . Well , Clay IS a POP SINGER , after all.Can ' t please 'em all . Clay , i am really impressed !!!
 Anyone who is a fan of adult contemporary/pop music will find something on this album to embrace . Never heard an album blend so many different styles in such a fluid manner . Clay is a versatile performer and if he continues to work as hard as he has in the last 9 months , he 's going to be legendary . `` The Way '' , `` When You Say You Love Me '' , and `` Measure of a Man '' are all crossover country flavor . `` Shine '' and `` Brand New Day '' are reminiscent of the Beatles , `` No More Sad Song `` is very Elton John in feeling . `` Touch '' is very much a latin style dance tune and is probably my favorite on the album . The remainder of the songs are pop/rock and ballad oriented.There is n't a clunker on the album in my opinion . Excellent debut album .
 I bought the cd today and I listened to all the tracks . I think there are 3 top 10 songs here . The first is obviously `` this is the night '' the second and third are `` invisible '' and `` i survived you '' . All the other songs are average . What I do n't understand are the bad reviews that have come in from other media sources . All you really need is one or two top tens from a cd to be a success . This is a stepping stone for Clay
 I am extremely proud of you , Clay ... Your album is everything I expected and more !!! I was very impressed with your songs and `` always '' with your amazing and beautiful voice . God has truly blessed you with a gift and a beautiful soul !!! I am proud to shout to the world `` I am a Clay Aiken 's Fan ... and he is my American Idol '' . Keep up your good work , in all that you do.You are an AMAZING person . I look forward to ALL of your albums .
 There is not ONE song on this album that is not 100 % Clay . I love them all , have a few that really get to me ... and one or two would even be a great crossover to country and a great line dance tune ; -RRB- When you say you love me ... I really wanted SOLITARE on here , but just something to look forward to on the next one . . I hope . There is nothing this voice ca n't sing and sound good . It is a must for all agesClay '' YOU ARE LOVED '' and look forward to many many years of great songs from you .
 Clay Aiken displays his versatilty but not his powerful voice and amazing range on his first album . This is supposed to be more commercial to put Clay into more of a popstar mold . I hope he does n't box himself in too much and lets himself really grow and evolve . For now , this is a great solid debut ! No More Sad Songs-Clay displays his rock edge and gets really raw and angsty . Perfect Day sounds like a cross between Steve Perry from Journey and Paul McCartney . I love how he just wails `` It 's gon na be a PERFECT DAY !!! '' That is one song he seems to be allowed to let loose and belt . When You Say You Love Me is the perfect pop/country song that really gets into your head and you can dance to . In Shine , there are hints of folk rock . In Touch , there is a nice latin flavor and nice guitar riffs . Then there are also the soaring ballads-The Way , Run To Me , and Measure of a Man . These ballads are not really ballads at all , but really uplifting midtempo ballads . I was happy with this album , but please let Clay showcase his soulful lower register next time . That would make me happy !
 This is a fantastic album for a Clay fan or for anyone who loves beautiful music . It 's nearly impossible to choose a favorite track because they 're all great . `` The Way '' is beautiful and romantic and displays Clay 's honey smooth voice . The title song , `` Measure of a Man , '' will move you with its message . `` Perfect Day '' is a cheerful song that will brighten your day . You 'll be singing along with it.I 'd like to thank Clay for this album , which I 'll probably wear out . Looking forward to future albums too .
 Clay 's debut CD , Measure Of A Man , is at first unexpected to the eager fan expecting the long held out notes and the various octave range that they 've heard Clay belt out on AI Season 2 . You do n't get those in every song ... in fact ... they are quite the treat when you do get them.The first spin of the entire CD had my interest a little and as I continued listening to the CD more and more , I fell in love with the entire album.Clay fans were told to expect the unexpected and honestly , this album was totally unexpectedly refreshingly AWESOME.He 's got the class and style of the crooners of old and does n't give in to the thrusty , bubble gum image-seeking throwbacks of today.Clay may not be the grinding , thumping Justin Timberlake , but that 's quite alright ... Clay 's voice is the comforting yet exciting voice that deserves to be heard going forth into 2004 and beyond !
 These are facts :1 . Clay is a phenomenal talent2 . Measure of a Man is an enjoyable pop album3 . The album is overproduced and drowns out Clay 's amazing voice4 . I still like it - a lot
 It has been a long time since a male artist has touched me like Clay Aiken has . His voice is extraordinary . What this man can do with his voice is unbelievable . In one week , Clay was certified as DOUBLE PLATINUM . Yes , double platinum in one week . And it is worthy of such an honor.Measure of a Man in a wonderful CD . I have read reviews that say that the more you listen , the more you love it . This statement is quite true . While I really liked it the first time I listened to it , I loved it the second . And the third , and the forth , and the fifth ... In my opinion , the best songs on the CD -LRB- and it was hard to pick favorites ... they are all quite good -RRB- include `` The way '' , `` I will carry you '' and `` No more sad songs '' . There are 12 tracks on this CD , and I can tell you with 100 % honesty that there is not one song I dislike.I have to say something about the entire American Idol competition . Yes , we all know that CLay came in second , `` losing '' to Ruben Studdard . However , if you base who should have won strictly by talent , Clay won this competition HANDS DOWN . If you never saw Clay or Ruben , and you listened to them sing with your eyes closed , you will say , without a doubt , that CLay 's voice is far superier . And it is.To compare CLay and Ruben 's voices is to compare a Lexus to a Kia . It is comparing gold to tin . In other words ; There is NO COMPARISON.Another note . You will see some nasty reviews on this CD here on Amazon . And I am sure that some are legitimate . However , many of the nasty reviews are from angry Ruben fans who can not handle the fact that CLay is as talented as he is.Many are bothered by the fact that Clay was discovered on a TV show . The way I see it is this
 Made in USA in 2003 , Serial # 82876-54638-2 , Playing Time 46:37 This CD will sell millions ... perhaps it already has ... Clay 's unconditional fans will give it 5 stars ; Ruben 's fans will probably throw rocks at it . I 'm not going to play that game
 Clay does n't need a Grammy nod for everyone to know he is multitalented , and the best new artist to come along in years . He wonthe most important award of the year the AMA FANS CHOICE AWARDand Ruben was n't even nominated . I think his fan base speaksvolumes not to mention his sales . People are bragging that Ruben has sold 1.3 million copies , so what , he is still a million copies behind Clay . I am sick to death of people playing thatever popular RACE CARD if you do n't like Ruben 's type of music . I think the world is tired of the RACE CARD and it does n't carry the power it used to , because it has been played too many times . I for one am glad Clay did n't get nominated , for sure he should have , because this is the year the Grammys are being called the GHETTO GRAMMYS .
 Clay Aiken is truly a gifted singer and entertainer . He has such a fantastic voice and mesmerizing stage presence . The only reason I can see as to why he is n't more popular or releasing new material has to be because of poor management . He needs to clean house - fire all his `` people '' and start over from scratch . He deserves better - and so do his legions of loyal fans.Having now gotten off my soapbox , I can now offer up my opinion on this album . I must say that this is a great debut album . Clays vocals are showcased very well and several of the songs really touched me deeply . Having had a similar `` non-relationship '' with my biological father , I can only imagine the pain and regret he feels when singing ` Solitaire ' and ` Measure of a Man ' . I highly recommend this to anyone - whether you 're an Aiken fan or not . But having listened to his great voice , I do n't know how you could walk away and not appreciate this man 's talent .
 I love this Cd By one of my favorite Idols `` Clay Aiken '' . This is one of my favorite cds . I play it on my car all the time and it rocks ! I especially love the songs Invinsible , The Way and I will carry you . I recommend this cd to everyone looking for an excellent cd . All songs are good.Clay has a great voice and tremendous charisma and will continue to have much success in the music industry and this cd probes the superb talent of mr. Clay Aiken .
 Clay is pure TALENT ... he has such an amazing voice and is a REAL PERSON compared to everything plastic in the world today ... thank you Clay for being yourself and sharing your talent with the world ... Absolutely one of the most amazing voices of today and i hope that he will be here for years to come singing his heart out . .
 I was never a huge fan of the American Idol series . In fact I never watched any of it but whole driving to school one morning , I turned on the radio to be absolutley stunned by this wonderful song known as `` Invisible . `` After hearing it all the way through and listening to the radio announce the song was the current hit by second runner up from American Idol 's second season Clay Aiken , I immediately headed for the cd store after school . Eagerly I bought the cd , and I was awed by how much talent this man has.Clay Aiken 's cd `` Measure of a Man '' is a cd with very little , if not any flaws . His songs
 Triple Platimun , really nothing else to say . The sales speak for themselves .
 That voice . Something about it just makes you want to listen , does n't it ? I was holding my breath a bit , hoping that this album would live up to my expectations . And ... it really has ! To put together a first album in that short amount of time is really something . There are a variety of styles on the album , from power ballads to some edgy songs and some techno influences . And , of course , some pure pop . Most people could n't pull off all that , but Clay has . These songs just beg to be sung along with . I ca n't pick a favorite - loved the emotional power of `` I Will Carry You '' and the attitude of `` I Survived You '' . At the same time , you ca n't help but be swept along with `` Shine '' and `` Perfect Day '' . `` Run to Me '' is a beautiful song . And finally , Clay gets a little jumpy and sensual with `` Touch '' . Clay , it just gets better from here buddy . I ca n't wait to see what he can do with the next album.I 'm buying a second copy for my daughter - no words to hide here !
 At first listen several tracks seem to grab the listener instantly
 Of course , like most , everyone was waiting for this CD to come out . I 've listened to it once in its entirety and I really like it . The more you listen , the better you 'll like it . Invisible , The Way , Measure of a Man , and Touch , are especially good . This is a definite one to buy . Ca n't wait for his next CD .
 Clay Aiken 's transcendentally powerful voice is sheer perfection . It just is . I 've never heard anything like it , where has he been ? Based on this alone , this album deserves no less than 4 stars.There are no clunker songs on the CD , but no brilliant classics , either . It is sturdy pop , a set of catchy songs elevated by `` the voice '' . These are not songs I would pay much attention to if he were not singing them . But since he is , wow.I save one star to give him room to grow . Clay also has a great history of responding to feedback and making improvements , so I hesitate to opine that this CD is already the best he can do . He is only 24 , and for a first effort , this is rock solid and met my expectations , but I ca n't say I do n't expect even greater things from him in the future . This boy is going to be around.So , a litte more variety in the song styles would be nice . A couple of the tunes suffered from overproduction - his voice is the showcase , so showcase it on ALL the songs . Something a capella would be a nice addition . Also , Clay is one of those rare performers who actually sounds EVEN BETTER live -LRB- hard to believe , but it 's true -RRB- , so a live album or live cuts would be fantastic.I highly commend him for insisting on staying true to himself . Yes he will grow , but at his own pace in his own way . I look forward to the evolution of the revolution !! In the meantime , this is a tasty dish of gourmet vanilla !!
 Hate to be cliche , but this IS the best CD I 've listened to in years . Every song is powerful and unique in its own way . The Way , I Will Carry You , I Survived You , Run to Me , Measure of a Man bring chills and emotion . The only track I skip is `` This Is The Night '' and only because I 've already heard it hundreds of times . The CD gets better every time you listen to it . I do n't know what else to say except `` Props to you , Clay - you brought it ! ''
 You have to understand , I have loved Clay Aiken 's voice since the first moment I heard him sing . I have to say that I had high hopes for this CD . Clay has had a lot of criticism from people who thought he was too hyped up , and I really wanted him to prove them wrong . I dont know if this CD will change the mind of anyone who had decided that they dont like Clay , no matter what , but it certainly has confirmed to me that he is a fantasic singer who can sing just about anything . I think the thing that I like most is that he appeals to such a wide variety of people . This is the first time in my 30 years of life that my grandmother and I have both LOVED the same singer/music . This is a wonderful CD and I would recommend it to anyone .
 If the true Measure of a Man is the ability to take a risk and show love , compassion and respect for those around him , then Clay Aiken has truly achieved this goal . His new album is refreshing , uplifting and inspiring in its content , and particularly , in his performance of all the sound traks . Clay has shown the world as well as all the music critics , by setting such a fine example , both musically and morally , that good guys do win .
 I did not like the songs at first but listened again and found three songs I really like - Touch -LRB- wish they would play this on the radio -RRB- , Measure of a Man , and a country music sounding Do you love me?Look forward to hearing Solitare again soon !
 It 's about time an artist gave us music that everyone can enjoy . The pop music business , for the most part , thinks all people want to hear about are negative images . I have a feeling sales of this CD will prove people want positive music . It 's refreshing to be able to actually understand the lyrics and not feel uncomfortable listening to them . Three generations of our family have been `` taken '' by Clay Aiken and ca n't wait to hear more . I highly recommend this CD .
 Clay Aiken will be around for many years to come ! His first CD , Measure of a man does n't have a bad track on it . Every one of the songs is suited to Clay 's ballad style voice . I think it is one of the best albums I 've heard in a long time . Invisible , Shine , Measure of a Man , all great ... Clay is here to stay !
 What a thrill to be able to listen to an entire album and not have one song that you do not enjoy . I love the tone and pitch of Clay 's voice . At this point my favourites are Perfect Day , The Way and Touch , but it changes everytime I listen . What a fantastic album .
 Clay Aiken is an amazing vocalist . He is what I call an earth angel . He has such a pure and beautiful voice . When you watch him sing or speak his countenance radiates his goodness . He is on the way to an incredible career in music , and his personal honesty is his greatest asset - his voice is secondary but perfect !
 The first time I saw Clay Aiken on American Idol , I was blown away by his voice . As the competition went on he was my favorite . Even though I first thought his voice best suited other genres besides Pop , this album changed my mind completely . Clay 's voice and the songs work very well together . It is intelligent pop . Interesting musical/lyrical combinations . This CD will be on repeat for a while .
 THIS CD IS THE BEST IVE HEARD IN A LONG TIME !!!! IVE ALREADY HEARD THE CD TWICE AND I AM ALREADY HOOKED , I CANT GET ENOUGH !!! I HOPE THERE IS PLENTY MORE OF CLAY TO COME . HE IS PHENOMENAL !! I RECOMMEND THIS CD TO EVERYONE .
 Clay Aiken , infamous from American Idol ... is talented , and beautiful inside and out ! this cd is magnificent and is always playing ! His voice is incredible and makes my knees go week . Invisible is strong yet secretive , and This is the Night is a beautiful song that is always in my profile . His lyrics impower me with warmth and contentment , and his sexy voice is brilliant . I still dont know how he was runner-up for the Idol title . All i know is now Clay is here and he 's here to stay ! love ya Clay ! Your talented , and the cd is amazing . Everyone needs to buy it ! the music will enchant you with his voice , his capability , and youll be singing along -LRB- if u strain to reach his umbelievable octaves -RRB- ! 1 Number 1 cd !!!
 Great ! Worth the wait ! All the songs are powerful . Each song is unique but shares the strength of his voice and does n't sway from the Clay we have grown to love . My favorites are `` I Will Carry You '' and `` Touch '' . A great first cd ! Clay will be around for a very long time ... Ca n't wait for his North American Solo Tour ! -LRB- And I wo n't be bringing the kids to this concert -RRB-
 I LOVE CLAY AIKEN !!! MMMMMMMM !!!! I was dying to buy his album and it is absolutely fabulous !!!!!!!! You will NOT be disappointed !! It is worth every penny and much more !!!
 I 'm so glad to finally own my Clay 's first album . I love it . It 's worth the long wait . I love Clay 's Invisible . YOU ALL GO BUY HIS ALBUM . YOU WO N'T REGRET IT !!! You will love Clay more ...
 Words can not express how great I think this cd is ! Clay 's rich voice is just amazing . The songs will tear at your heart . Definetly a cd even his non-fans should love .
 Clay Aiken 's new CD , Measure Of A Man , is too good for words . Once you push play , you get lost in his magnificent voice . It 's so refreshing to hear an artist sing songs that have nothing to do with drugs , sex , or violence . Clay is the greatest new artist right now and I have the upmost confidence that he 'll continue to impress his fans and the world .
 Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' has a wonderful collection of songs . He sings with such emotion and conviction that it 'll blow you away . `` Invisible '' , `` Shine '' , `` Perfect Day '' , `` The Way '' , `` Touch '' , `` Measure of a Man '' are my favourites so far . Absolutely a must-have in your CD Collection !
 The excellent reality show , `` American Idol '' introduced Clay Aiken to America.His debut album , `` Measure of a Man '' will introduce Clay Aiken to the world!The name of his album is ironic , because all Claymates know that there is NO way to measure the talent of Clay . If you thought his first single , `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' / `` This is the Night '' was good , just wait until you hear the silky-smooth passion on this collection of beautiful songs . Each song is filled to the brim with that signature sound that `` American Idol '' viewers immediately became enamored with.Highlights of the album include , `` Invisible '' , `` I Will Carry You '' , `` The Way '' , `` When You Say You Love Me '' , `` No More Sad Songs '' , `` Run to Me '' , `` Shine '' , `` I Survived You '' , `` This is the Night '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , and `` Touch '' . Now , you might be saying to yourself , `` chatchi , you just listed every song on the album '' . Darn skippy ! Every song is a highlight . Just when you think it ca n't get any better , it does!If I could give this song one hundred stars -- I would -- but I ca n't , so five stars will have to do . Just know that five stars does n't do `` Measure of a Man '' justice . This is quite possibly one of the greatest debut albums ever made.Clay Aiken * IS * the `` American Idol '' ! Ruben Studdard is shaking in his boots .
 I already have FOUR copies and can not get enough ! Clay 's voice is so powerful and beautiful that this album captures his essence . He 's been hailed as the next Frank Sinatra by none other than Jerry Lewis himself and has the morals that we 're all looking for in a performer . He appeals to all ages and is someone that we would n't mind our children listening to . Each song is very personal to him and you can tell that by the way he sings them . This is THE album to own and will be multi-platinum in record time ! AGAIN , GO BUY THIS CD !!!!!
 I have been a Clay Aiken fan since I first saw him on American Idol . Yet , this new CD far exceeds my expectation . It is quality through and through . I am so impressed by Clay 's commitment to making a CD that reflects his beliefs and ideals . It is a refreshing change to listen to wonderful vocals and lyrics that have meaning and are free of sexual references ! Do yourself a favor and give it a listen !!
 was kinda worriedI 'm a huge Clay fan , I have flown from Canada to America to see him on the AI2 finale . I have faithfully watched every interview and enjoyed the concert front row.But I was weary about this album ... I liked invisible . But not right away ... it grew on me . I did n't want to listen to the same thing every time . Clay has amazing power and range , but I was n't sure if I wanted to listen to a hour of ballads.I was wrong.Not only did this cd make my friend who is NOT a clay fan be converted ... but it made me realize how incredible this man really is.Ballads get boring . Clay does n't get boring , he has a way to just touch you heart and make you go ... OMG ... I feel myself in his songs.I respect him , he does n't talk about heart-ache and sex . He talks about growth and strenght which is something he is.I hope he will continue to be a inspiration to fans for ages . In my heart , and my eyes . . He will always be a true artist . One of whom I will enjoy and cherish his tunes for yrs to come.Thanks .
 Clay definitely did not disappoint his fans ... all the songs on his new CD could be individual hits . I ca n't pick a favorite because they are all so good . Clay just gets better and better and with the release of this CD he displays how far he has grown as an artist . Thank you RCA for `` letting Clay be Clay '' . I say to his critics - this guy is marketable - people will buy this type of music . Clay is a popstar ! The `` Ameriken '' revolution has begun .
 On most CD 's you expect 2 or 3 songs at the most that are really great . BUT this CD gives you 12 songs that are incredible . Clay 's voice is unquestionably superb and when coupled with the person that he is it makes for a great combination . I highly recommend this CD to everyone !
 I ran to the store this a.m. to buy it on the first dayin great anticipation . I was NOT let down one bit . I havebeen playing the entire CD over and over and over again.I am amazed by his quality of voice ; the background andfades are stunning . This young `` man '' will continue to stunus in the future . He is so honest and real ; let 's hope hekeeps his singing that way for a long time . Best thing Ican think to say is that when he performs live , he willbe able to carry himself and sound great -LRB- very much unlikeseveral other `` stars '' out there singing these days . -RRB-
 Clay Aiken 's outstanding voice and song delivery are showcased perfectly on this cd . His vocal power and range are phenomenal and the songs themselves are terrific as well . At long last , a person rises to the top of the charts who is in actual possession of real talent ! At long last , a major label has produced a cd with the recognition that the content of the music can be mature without being trash or treating vices as though they 're , indeed , acceptable . It 's been a long time since I 've listened to pop for the simple reason that I was tired of wading through the filth and innuendo to hear a few bars I liked . Clay Aiken appeals to true emotion and feeling . This only came out today and already , I 'm anxiously waiting for the next CD .
 WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY . . CLAY IS SIMPLY THE MOST AMAZING AND TALENTED SINGER ON THE PLANET . I DO N'T EVEN LIKE THIS GENRE & STYLE OF MUSIC , BUT CLAY 'S VOICE IS UTTERLY ADDICTIVE . LIKE OTHERS HERE HAVE SAID , IT ONLY GETS BETTER THE MORE YOU LISTEN TO IT . IT SENDS CHILLS AND EMOTIONS THROUGH MY BODY THAT I 'VE NEVER EXPIERENCED LISTENING TO MUSIC . I 'VE BEEN A FAN OF CLAY 'S SINCE THE BEGINNING , AND BEING A FELLOW RALEIGH , N.C RESIDENT I AM SO PROUD OF THE KID . BUY THIS ALBUM & KEEP LISTENING OVER AND OVER , IT 'S PHENOMENAL !!
 From the first chords of Invisible to the last caress of Touch , Clay Aiken reaches out and grabs the heart and soul of the listener of his beautiful debut album , Measure of a Man . The title track to this album is gorgeous and evocative , reminding us all that Clay is , indeed , the Measure of a Man . Perfect Day and Shine are reminiscent of Beatles songs with a millenum edge to them . I Will Carry You is uplifting and inspiring - The Way is a song you will find yourself humming - there is not a bad song on this album . I think every one of these cuts , if released , would do well on the music charts . RCA made some wise choices for Clay and this album is a wonderful start to what will be a stellar career ! Enjoy !
 I read the Billboard review for this CD in which it boasts that `` Measure '' is the best pop album of 2003 . I 'm not a fan of American Idol , but thought with all the buzz I had to check it out . I 'm REALLY glad I did . This CD is absolutely amazing !! There is n't a single song on this CD that I do n't absolutely LOVE !! And that has n't happened in a very , very long time . Kudos to Clay Aiken - it seems that you are well on your way to shedding that AI stigma . Fantastic voice , fantastic songs - this guy is the best singer I 've heard in a long time . Who would have thought it ?
 I am transfixed by the sound of Clay Aiken 's voice on `` Measure of a Man '' . As a person who spends her day ensuring the integrity of numbers and looking at paper for hours on end , I found Mr. Aiken 's debut album stunning and refreshing to listen to . The album is a portrait of Mr. Aiken as an individual and as a new recording artist . From his ability to convey the emotion in the lyrics of `` The Way '' to the sensual sounds of his voice in `` Touch '' , Mr. Aiken has raised the bar for the debut of recording artists ... he is truly a maverick in an industry that does n't always know what to do with uniqueness . Congratulations Mr. Aiken for retaining your uniqueness and great sense of humor in dealing with the media . America has witnessed the unveiling of a new brand product
 This young man is so talented.I ca n't pick a favorite . . I like them all.I ca n't help but notice that a very few amt of those who wrote reviews on Clays album dtd ` nt like it.No artist gets a 100 percent in his favor but Clay sure comes close . I 've also noticed that those who say they do n't like it really do n't like it . Read those reviews too . It reads more like they are anger . Why do they express them selves that way ? Could it be that they wanted it to fail ? I 'm a 65 year old grandma ... not a clay mate . . I 'm a clay grandma and I love this cd . Grandma Pence
 After reading some of these reviews and also the critics , I want to share my impressions of this first effort by Clay Aiken . Clay has one of the best voices I have ever heard and he can sing anything and pull it off . He proved that on American Idol . This CD has been unfairly bashed by critics who have attacked Clay , not as a talent , but as a person . He happens to be a fine , moral , well integrated young man who sings from his heart and soul . His gift is from above and he sings all 12 tracks with a marvelous splash of eneregy and life . The album is upbeat and very enjoyable . You can listen to it over and over again . If you want the typical dark , dreary non-melodic top 40 tunes , then this is not for you . Should Clay get some top 40 radio play ? I think so ... we need some change in what is played across our airways . Understanding that we , the public , can no longer request and have our requests honored , makes me wonder what happened to radio . Who is in charge of what gets played ? This CD will be enjoyed for years by many . Great effort , Clay !
 Hate to take up space , but have a second impression to my second listen . I know now why people sing in the shower ... they have found a song that fits them and is in the right key , and they identify with . Yeah ... I can sing in his key -LRB- probably badly -RRB- , I identify with most everything he has to say , and yeah ... I sooo want to have some man be like him . He 's a nerd ... he and they say ... but , OMG , he hands out roses to great ladies -LRB- Diane -RRB- . How do you measure a man ? I measure him `` Clay Aiken '' ... . kind of a hard act to follow ...
 I am not the best critic of pop music , as I am not a fan , but I have a weak spot for Clay Aiken . I only tuned into American Idol when he was performing , and I bought this album solely because of his amazing voice . I usually become a fan of someone 's work when I know that it is originally written by them , but Clay is my exception . All of the songs are easy to learn and fun to sing along to , and it is pretty easy to tell that they are manufactured pop , but just listening to Clay 's vocal ability is reason enough to buy the album . I like these songs because I know that the singing is not altered by computers or editing , that it is simply Clay . Pop music or not , this boy can sing , and it is fun to listen to , whatever genre it may be . As for these songs related to other pop songs , they are relatively similar ; they cover the topics of love , heart break , `` i 'm over you '' type songs , and optimistic ballads . But again , I emphasize Clay 's amazing talent , and recommend it to anyone who supported him on American Idol , or would like to listen to a truly amazing singer .
 If you love pop music , then you ca n't go wrong with this CD . Someone asked me to pick my favorite song and I ca n't do it . I love every song on this CD . I have played it for 8 hours on repeat while at work since purchasing it as Midnight on October 14th and I ca n't get enough of it . It makes me smile , sing and dance along . Great job Clay , yes I am proud of your efforts .
 Clay Aiken has an awesome voice and vocal range . If you like powerful ballads with crystal clean lyrics -LRB- no profanity here -RRB- , this is a MUST have CD for any music collection.WARNING - Did you ever get a song stuck in your head , and unconsciously hum it the whole day . The tracks on this CD will do that to you.A Billboard reviewer says this is `` the best pop album of 2003 '' , and I would absolutely agree . Excellent .
 First of all , I would like to preface this by saying that I truly do n't believe critics are actually listening to this album with an open mind . Most reviews talk about American Idol , and go on to insult half the buying public for their lack of taste . They are letting preconcieved notions write their reviews for them . Do n't listen to them . I do n't believe they 're listening to the same album.This is a spectacular first effort for what it is
 Rarely I find a CD that is so good , that I can listen to it straight through , and where I love EVERY song , but this CD fits that description . I think all the songs are great -- they are mostly slow , but they are great . I only wish there were more up-beat songs , but all the songs are fun to sing to , and are very well done . I definitely recommend this CD !
 Clay 's long-awaited , inaugural CD is great !!! There 's not a single song on it that disappoints . It should have a wide appeal with its catchy , upbeat songs that will suit a mainstream audience . My favorites are
 What a voice ! What a guy ! Love the cd - I could listen to `` Invisible '' all day long ... thanks , Clay , for entering American Idol and treating us all to your spectacular talent !
 This has GOT to be the best CD I have purchased in ages ! The content of the album is amazing ! Every song could have been a hit , but here they are all on one CD ! Songs are catchy , and Clay 's voice is something of a phenomenon ! I think the whole album is a ` hit ' !
 I 'd be lying if I said I was n't disappointed the first time I popped this CD in . I thought it was good , not what I expected , but definitely leaning toward good . If it had n't been Aiken 's amazing voice singing , I probably would n't have given it a second listen . But I 'm glad I did , the more I listen to it , the more I like it . You ca n't deny the powerful voice he possesses especially on tracks ` Run To Me ' and of course , ` This Is The Night ' . Much like Aiken himself in the American Idol competition , it make take a second look/listen to appreciate this album , but I believe its worth it . This album is quickly becoming one of my favorite cd 's , and if this is just the beginning I ca n't wait to hear more from him in the future . I 've read reviews that call this album bland and whatnot , but I call it , especially the title track , refreshing . Do n't base your opinion on critics reviews , give it a listen and make your decision . If you 're an Aiken fan already , you 'll definitely appreciate it , and if you 're not you might just begin to change your opinion .
 This is a great pop cd . Clay Aiken 's voice is strong and beautiful . I did n't think he would be able to pull this off , but he did ... with flying colors . I usually do n't listen to pop , I listen to rock -LRB- Godsmack , Perfect Circle -RRB- , but I find myself drawn to his voice . I highly recommend this album .
 I just sat and listened to this entire cd and never once was I disappointed . Well , almost , I was disappointed that Clay 's version of Solitaire was not included on this album , but perhaps Clay has plans for a Sedaka tribute album . One can only hope . I predict that Clay will have a long sustained career equal to Barbra Streisand herself . It is so refreshing to finally have a person recording songs who actually has talent and is not just a product of a recording studio . Run , do n't walk , to buy this album .
 Clay Aiken 's debut album may not be the most inventive or original , but you ca n't deny that this young man has a unique and powerful voice that commands your attention . Less than a year after grabbing the first runner-up position on American Idol II , he still has a bit of maturing to do vocally , but he has a sense of what his fans want to hear and delivers just that.Let 's review each track one-by-one :1 -RRB- Invisible - I 'm not sure if I would have put this song first . It 's not necessarily a bad song . It does start off kind of cheesy , but it picks up with the chorus and the breakdown and becomes quite catchy .2 -RRB- I Will Carry You - This sounds like a song Clay would have used to bring down the house on AI . It 's a nice inspirational ballad , along the same lines of `` This is the Night . '' Great song for his voice .3 -RRB- The Way - Because this song was co-written by Enrique Iglesias , it does have kind of a Latin ballad feel . It 's sweet , but any Latin singer might have been able to pull it off .4 -RRB- When You Say You Love Me - This one was co-penned by former Savage Garden lead singer Darren Hayes . Therefore , it 's got an obvious SG pop flavor to it along with unique lyricals . It 's one of the standout tracks on the album .5 -RRB- No More Sad Songs - Lyrically , it 's very stereotypical . There is definite vocal variety , allowing Clay to show his great range . But some may find the high notes severe .6 -RRB- Run to Me - This is one of the stronger songs . It 's a clever ballad that manages to show his vocal talent without being overpowering . I like the key changes in this one .7 -RRB- Shine - A very romantic , sweet song . It 's more subtle than other love songs on the album and has great lyrics .8 -RRB- I Survived You - Good break-up song for broken hearted girls -LRB- or guys , I suppose -RRB- to identify with . Not groundbreaking by any means , but does feature a nice harmony with background vocalist Danielle Brisebois .9 -RRB- This is the Night - Previously featured on his first single release . I liked the song then and I still like it now . It appropriately sums up his journey from American Idol to a musical career . Inspirational .10 -RRB- Perfect Day - THE best song on the entire album . The sound departs from other tracks . It 's clever and fun , and there should be more tracks like it on his next album . I hope it 's released as a single .11 -RRB- Measure of a Man - In contrast with the above track , this song is the weakest from this effort . It 's got good lyrics , but they get lost because this song is not suited for Clay 's voice at all . It seemed out of place amidst the other tracks .12 -RRB- Touch - Nice funky feel to this one . Again , it 's different from the rest of the album . GREAT lyrics , a definite highlight.Overall , the CD has a few flaws , but it 's a great first try for a budding new singer . I can only see Clay improving in the years to come , and I look forward to what he offers on future albums . If you enjoyed Clay on American Idol , you will most likely enjoy his debut .
 I have n't been this `` hooked '' on a performer 's ability to tell a story with his voice since my days listening to Frank Sinatra . This album is a beautiful FIRST ALBUM/CD !! I am sure it is just the first of many more to come . I find the CD far more varied than the reviewers do -- Along with the pop , When You Say You Love Me leans toward a country sound , I Will Carry You has underlying Christian tones . My favorite is Measure of a Man as Clay 's treatment shows a level of maturity beyond his 24 years . I am impressed that he had the courage to use this track as the title of his album .
 I love every song on this album and play it over and over . The first few times I listened to it it seemed like the background music was too loud , but after about three times the words started coming to the forfront , now it all seems perfect . I 'm 65 years old and had to adjust to todays sound . It 's worth it . I love it so much and play it many times a day . Just hang in there and keep listening -LRB- if your from an earlier decade -RRB- . You 'll get it . Clay has a magnificant voice and the songs are the best in many years . I 'm enjoying music again .
 Clay 's Cd is everything I 'd expected & more ! He has an absolutely wonderful , powerful voice which is so clear . I find myself playing this CD over & over again & when I 'm not playiny it the songs are running thru my head . Thank-you Clay for giving us this fantastic CD !!
 Every song in this album should be a hit . The music and arrangements are wonderful and of course , Clay is superb in everything he does . I recommend this album to all music lovers .
 HANDS DOWN THE BEST ALBUM THIS YEAR , EVERYTHING ABOUT IT , CLAY 'S VOICE , THE SONGS , THE LYRICS , THE ABSOLUTE BEST !!!!!
 This CD is so amazing , I 've been listening all weekend to it ! Clay is such an astounding singer , and this is a really great album ! The songs are just so perfect to listen while doing anything . My favorite songs on it are probably invisible , I will carry you , when you say you love me , run to me , and perfect day , but i absolutely love all of them , it 's hard to pick . support clay and buy this great album !!!! A billion stars !!!!!
 This is one of the most fantastic CD 's I have ever heard . He is the `` BEST '' . His voice is very beautiful , if you can say that about a man . When you hear one song that is not enough , you want to hear more . I wish him all the success in the world , he really deserves it . He has made this Grandmother a very happy person with his singing , have not been this excited about a singer since ELVIS .
 How refreshing , a true must buy for all Clay Aiken fans . Every song is a bankable future hit . Great start to a hopefully long musical carrer for this American Treasure .
 I am listening to this CD for the hundredth time . Clay 's dazzling style can send shivvers all over the body with the power of his incredibly exquisite voice . I really wish his producers would do a video of him singing song # 3 `` The Way '' . His voice soars all over the scale , and inspires a feeling of hope and passion.And , perhaps a video for # 4 `` When you say you love me '' with it 's bouncy , teasing , electrifying delivery . Clay is soaring . In his self described `` amazing year for me '' he has blazed a trail to Super Star with 2 for 2 music award wins at both the American Music Awards and Billboard 2003 . All without losing himself and his humility.Clay is a very special , magical person . He has that illusive , indefinable `` IT '' quality . He is elfin-like with his playful , flirtatious , impish humor . He has a glorious , crystal clear voice with electrifying range . He sounds so fresh and 21st Century . And it is all wrapped up in southern charm , and emotional sweetness and freedom . There is none of the so-yesterday jaded pretentiousness . He is the real deal.I really love his choice of songs that tell real life stories experienced by all of us in such an elegant and classy way . Even the CD title demonstrates Clay 's self awareness as an educated , intelligent , articulate yet completely unpretentious man with a humble , yet engagingly playful sense of humor . # 7 `` Shine '' with its southern-blusey groove is a jump-up-and - dance song . The words are powerful and uplifting and his delivery so stunning . Clay 's passion leaps through every song , especially on # 8 `` I Survived You '' . The words are powerful enough to give chills or bring tears . He truly grabs you in the heart with his passionate delivery . # 9 `` This is the Night '' from his single is one of the most inspiring and empowering songs I have ever heard . This song won Billboard 2003 Single of the Year Award and it is stunning.Clay 's vocal styling on this classic song # 11 `` Measure of a Man '' is a totally fresh , ultra hip , and inspiring 21st century vibe.Most importantly , every time I listen to his CD I hear something new and exciting . This is so rare !
 I believe the above song given a chance at a single would bean unbelievable success ... also I think a couple of the songson the album would do quite well on country western charts . Heis a breath of fresh air in today 's music world ...
 I am a 60 year old grandmother who loves Clay Aiken . In fact , my kids and grandkids gave me a CD player for my 60th birthday just so I could listen to Clay . His music is so-o-o-o good . I listen to it every chance I get . I like all the songs but Measure of A Man is my favorite . I really think he should of been the American Idol . He is a wonderful young man with high morals . He knows how to handle himself , even with all the attention . He is a kind , caring human being . I ca n't wait for more of his CD 's . Way to go , Clay .
 I find Clay Aikens voice and lyrics to be a nice refreshing change . Some of the songs sound a little like some of the boy bands and with a new twist . I wish they included shine among one you could preview . LOVE IT ! I am 100 % pleased with this new artist !
 I have n't heard this CD , but since it 's Measure of a Man -- which I play constantly -- with the addition of Bridge Over Troubled Waters , I 'm confident in giving it four stars.This is the version of the CD that was released in New Zealand , and otherwise unavailable here , so its main appeal will be for collectors .
 Clay has proven that he is the next `` American Icon '' . His fan base has been compared to that of Elvis ' and Frank Sinatra 's . He never disappoints his fans . He is able to use his amazing voice in many ways to make his fans swoon and * thud * . Many of the songs on this CD show off his vocal range and he knows how to emote all the emotion needed to bring the meaning across to the listener . Some of the songs on the CD take a 2nd and 3rd listen to get used to , but then you can not stop listening ! My favorites are
 For those that have n't heard Clay before , you must give this CD a chance . I was a fan of Clay Aiken during American Idol and eagerly awaited this CD . I do n't understand people who totally write this off and say the Clay of American Idol is n't coming through . Yes , the songs were picked in order to sell commercially . They might not be the `` oldies '' that we heard frequently on American Idol . However , these are good songs , and Clay does a great job . His versatility really comes through with the variety of songs , from ballads to up-tempo . Listen to the ballad `` The Way '' ... his voice is as smooth but as powerful as ever . `` Measure of a Man '' brings tears to my eyes every time I listen to it . `` No More Sad Song '' sounds like an Elton John type tune , and Clay does a great job on that one . I really liked this CD the first time I heard it ... but I am loving it more and more every time I play it . This is a GREAT debut effort for Clay , and it only goes to show that we have so much to look forward to from him in the future .
 Clay Aiken is a wonderful artist . His voice drips with passion , he puts a little piece of his soul into every song that he sings . Invisible is the first single from the album , however , the album should not be judged solely on that song . There are several other songs that stand out to me as noteworthy . When You Say You Love Me , written by Darren Hayes -LRB- Savage Garden -RRB- and Rick Nowels is an awesome song that has a catchy beat as well as catchy lyrics . When I say that it was , in fact , written by Mr. Savage Garden himself I was inclined to like it without hearing it . Regardless of the genius behind it , it still took a while to grow on me . Its the type of song that you ca n't get out of your head all day . Another song of note is the last track on the album , Touch . After listening to an album full of Barry Manilow/Richard Marx style pop I was pleasantly suprised to listen to Touch . It has a slight techno beat to go with his soulful voice ... A winner indeed . From the hardcore American Idol fan to Grandma and the Macy 's Thankgiving Day Parade , this album is sure to please . For those of us tired of the Justin Timberlakes of the world , Clay is going to be here for awhile . Thank You GOD !!
 The songs are not the strongest material . However , they make you feel good , Clay 's voice is wonderful and the more you listen to it the more you love it . Would normally give the album 4 stars , but since I ca n't stop listening to it , had to bump it up to 5 . This time of year I have my cd player full of holiday music . . but could not help but save one slot for this album . I highly recommend this album to those of you who like ballads , like Clay 's voice , like easy listening and/or like to sing along . . you 'll find you ca n't stop playing it all the way through . Unfortunately , this web site is turning into a message board instead of an honest review forum ... Amazon you really need to do something about this . For those of you who give the CD one star I say `` we know what your agenda is '' . For those of you who bash Clay and/or the people who like his music I say `` If you get soooo angry with people who disagree with you -- then you are seriously in need of some professional help '' . Clay is obviously a nice man , as is Ruben . They are friends and supportive of each other . I doubt that Ruben would appreciate having fans who harbor such animosity towards any one . I have not rated Ruben 's cd as I have not yet heard tracks . However , I like soulful ballads and I like Ruben 's voice so I will listen to a friend 's copy and then consider buying the cd . I will not depend on this forum to help me with my decision . When it is not holiday season , my recent CD listening selections have been Alicia Keyes , Luther Vandross , Stevie Wonder ballads and Clay Aiken . I believe I can give an unbiased opinion . I 'm not a teenage girl , a fat middle age house wife ... but you really have no way of knowing . I say to all of you out there who have not listened to the Clay or Ruben CDs , you are just going to have to ignore all the nonsense that is going on in this `` message board '' and not depend on any of it to help you make a purchase decision . It is obvious people who would not normally issue a review on one or the other of these albums are doing so purely because of the American Idol program and not because they are issuing an honest review of music they would normally listen to . Shame on you - you are doing an injustice to the artist that you prefer and making yourself look foolish .
 I 'm not sure what some reviewers of this CD consider `` screaming '' . Certainly they can not compare what Clay does to the `` singing '' of Metallica , Blink 182 , etc. -LRB- I 'm sure these groups appeal to a certain demographic , but , heck , I can hardly understand a single word they say ! -RRB- With Clay Aiken , even if the songs are n't earth-shattering , they are pleasant and intelligible and can be sung along with , if one desires . A good , melodic voice is hard to find these days.I would have to agree with Billboard who called it `` The Best Pop Album of 2003 '' . They said
 I love this CD and the more I listen the better it gets . I certainly got my money 's worth with this CD . Great going Clay !!
 Clay Aiken proves his versatility in Measure of a man . His irresistible voice seems to take you on an emotion filled journey . The more I listen to this album the more I like it ... it 's almost addictive.He captures your heart and does n't let go with the powerballads `` I Will Carry You '' and `` Run To Me '' and keeps your emotions flowing with `` No More Sad Songs '' and `` I Survived You '' . He makes you feel infectiously happy with the nostolgic `` Shine '' and `` Perfect Day '' and makes you feel like dancing with the up-beat contemporary tracks `` Touch '' and `` Invisible '' . His love songs `` The Way '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' make you fell like you 've fallen in love all over again.His heart-felt ballad `` Measure Of A Man '' touches your heart and soul.The bonus track `` This Is The Night '' is truly up-lifting and inspirational.This album is loaded with potential hits if released as singles . It is truly a work of art ... from artist to song writers and producers . The album has a classic soft rock/pop feel ... a sound we have n't heard for a very long time . Measure of a man is a must have ... so order it today !
 When I got `` Measure of a Man , '' I actually wondered what I was doing . I got it thinking that it would be a horrible album with horrible songs , lyrics , and beats . I thought it would be a waste of a CD and a spot in my stereo . Truthfully , I thought I was just wasting some time on it . I figured the album would be just a lot of trash that could n't make it to the garbage can - I was once AGAINST all of this . ... until I listened to the album.I 've been reading a lot of reviews from fans and anti-fans of Clay and the album , and I 've noticed a few things from both sides . The fans state a lot of the same things in each review , while the anti-fans do n't really state anything at all . Another thing I would just like to point out to a great number of anti-fans that say that nothing else `` big '' came out that week running against Clay , and gave such examples of Eminem and 50 Cent , you must also remember that Clay and Eminem/50 Cent are in two complete different genres of music , meaning the persons buying one album is probably not going to buy the other albums anyway , at least not at first . And at first I 'm not meaning the first day , first week , or perhaps even first month . Several music fans that enjoy different ends of the music business typically buy one genre of music while its `` hot '' while they wait until the other genres `` cool down '' before even considering purchasing one of their albums . So giving examples such as 50 Cent and Eminem were n't exactly the best examples , and may not even be close enough or relevant enough to even be considered as competitors.Now , to the actual album . I believe the album is wonderful ; it has great highs to it . As I stated previously , I expected this album to be horrific . I did n't expect to actually like any of the songs ; I half-way expected to get the album and then allow it to collect dust . My favorite songs include the following :1 - Invisible3 - The Way4 - When You Say You Love Me -LRB- a remake of a Darren Hayes song - great job ! -RRB- 8 - I Survived YouI did to this album what the old saying says
 I 've listened to MEASURE OF MAN two weeks before reviewing it . On my first spin , I was not really sure what to make of it . I liked it , but it was a bit different from what I was expecting . It has pop feel leaning toward slow to mid tempo ballad type songs . I discovered that like a fine wine that gets better with age , MEASURE OF A MAN gets better with each listening . It is not cutting edge music , but what it does is bring back the lyric and emotion to a song , something so sorely lacking in today 's music culture.Clay Aiken recorded the tracks on this CD a few weeks after the American Idol competition ended . You would never know that his voice had been through a grueling competition . The vocals frequently soar and are always emotionally charged . All the cuts on a MEASURE OF A MAN could be released for airplay on different formats . They are that good . It 's not a perfect Clay Aiken CD by any means . He does n't sing much in his sultry lower register . He 's capable of a more varying range . The song choice was perhaps a bit safe . I 'd like to see him stretch musically next time , but there is much to love and not much to dislike on MEASURE OF A MAN.Lastly , Clay Aiken is the rare-very rare-artist that is even better live than recorded . So many so-called music stars lip-synch or just sound plain horrible singing . I look forward to his long career in music . The radio programmers should just bow to the inevitable ; Clay Aiken is here to stay .
 Most of the negative reviews on Amazon.com have 2 things in common : First , they usually sign their review as `` A Music Fan '' thus remaining anonymous.Second , they have an agenda either with the whole American Idol thing or the ` cleanliness ' of Clay Aiken and the type of music `` Measure of a Man '' represents . I believe most of them have never listened to this CD and the whole purpose of their review is to drive his overall rating down in order to satisfy some venial hatred for Clay Aiken , his fans , or the pop music genre in general.If people honestly listened to this CD with an open mind , they would hear a kid with a rich voice that can send that ` chill ' up your spine . The kind of chill you get when you hear certain guitar riffs by Carlos Santana , or a Steve Perry high note . Clay has got that type of voice that will touch you.Though most of the songs are good , I would have liked him put a little more edge on the CD . Songs like `` Touch '' , No More Sad Songs '' , and `` Invisible '' have a little of that edginess . Clay is known to be a ballad singer and there the CD does n't disappoint . though the ` ballads ' are eclectic which gives the CD a richness , songs like `` the Way '' , `` Perfect Day '' , I Survived You '' will give the ballad coinsure plenty to be happy about.One area of contention with mainstream music is Clay 's strong religious faith and that 's where I believe many secularists dislike him . But , because of his strength of belief in his faith , songs like `` Shine '' and `` Measure of a Man '' made the CD and reflect the artist 's true feelings.The bottom line is , even if you are not a ` pop ' fan or a ` ballad ' fan you must still give Clay Aiken his due . Though I might have like to see a little more ` edge ' in the song selection , I can not dispute the obvious raw talent Clay has in the voice . I look forward to hearing future CDs from this artist and watch him grow in the music world.And for those of you that dislike him , his music , and his fans ... get over it , your negative reviews are obvious and so is your agenda .
 If you liked Clay Aiken 's style of singing on American Idol , you 'll love his first album , `` Measure of a Man . '' It 's packed with songs that fit his character and reveal the force of his voice . You quickly find your favorites , but also the other tracks mysteriously have the power to grow on you as you listen to them the first or second time . You 'll go from `` liking it '' to `` what would I do without it '' as you listen to it over time . Fans of vocalists alike with this American Idol show-stealer will embrace this CD more and more as the years go pass - it 's a definite great buy !
 This is an overproduced album , in which much of the music tends to muffle the greatest instrument on this album , Clay Aiken 's voice . Clay certainly has one of the best voices in show business today , something that his producers have neglected to recognize . Instead , they have chosen to have Clay 's powerful voice take a back seat to all of the musical production bells and whistles at their disposal . When will they realize that this guy can really sing and that the public really wants to hear his voice?While there are some decent songs on this album , such as the terrific `` This is the Night '' , the Christian pop inspired `` Measure of a Man '' , and the ubiquitous `` Invisible '' , most of the songs are rather bland and eminently forgettable . With time , they , too , will become invisible . Moreover , I ca n't believe that the producers did not include `` Bridge Over troubled Water '' on this cd , though it was included on the much more expensive , thirteen track , international release.My daughter made me a cd compiled from the songs Clay Aiken sang on `` American Idol '' in his quest for the gold . That cd is so much better than this cd . You can really just be carried away by Clay 's voice , which has the ability to give the listener goose bumps , as he is that good . I only hope that as Clay settles into his career , he will wrest control of his career and release an album of top quality music with his voice as it should be heard , unfettered and in control of the music , rather than the music being in control . I hope this with all my heart , as he is truly one of the great talents of today .
 After wading through most of these `` reviews '' I thought I 'd give my two cents worth . And then I am guessing because I have other things to say but rave reviews this review will get rated poorly . In any case , here goes.Do I love this CD ? No . I DO really like it and I wanted to love it but it just falls short . Clay is an amazing singer and an amazing person . He has been blessed with a true talent that I hope he uses wisely . I really do love everything about him -LRB- and I am a 35 year old married woman ! -RRB- and wish him the best in his career . This album is not it . It is , however , uplifting , fun and great to listen to . Does it deserve 5 stars ? NOPE . Does it deserve 1 star . NOPE . It is neither excellent nor a piece of crap . It is refreshing and clean and for that I am very grateful . It is so nice to finally be able to listen to fun songs that you can enjoy WITH your children . My daughter LOVES Clay and has played this CD constantly since the day it was released . It is one of the few pop CD 's that I can be assured is clean enough for her to enjoy.Clay has such an incredible voice . He did prove on this CD that he can sing pop but I do n't think it showcases his voice as well as many of the songs he sang on AI . The music was a bit loud and seemed to drown out his gorgeous voice . Now , I have to admit that I was used to hearing him really crank it out on the show and I love the strength of his voice . I just do n't think these songs used his voice to it 's fullest potential and am hoping for better things to come.Bottom line is that this is not a spectacular CD but it IS pretty darn good . I am very happy that in a world of Britneys , Christinas and others that there is someone wholesome , fresh and fun that the whole family can listen to . I honestly am enjoying this CD but I really want the next one to be full of songs that send chills down my spine , make my hear tingle or make me just wan na cheer for him -LRB- like his renditions of Mack the Knife , Solitaire , Unchained Melody and Do n't Let The Sun Go Down On Me -RRB- . His voice is remarkable and truly capable of evoking such emotions in people.I put him in the same category as Eva Cassidy . She could take any song ever made and make it truly her own . She could pump up your spirit or make you cry from the sheer passion of her melodies . Clay has this capability as he has proven on AI . Here 's hoping that the future can provide more of those opportunities!Clay , keep up the good work , DO N'T change your image and , please , be true to your voice and your spirit . Those things will ensure your success . Sign me a true and honest fan .
 Amazing , after Amazon has made tons of sale and money from Clay 's wonderful cd , Measure of a Man , it slams the very same cd . Why review it now after having sold so many cds to happy customers ? Why not earlier ? The hypocracy of Amazon.com is astounding !!!! Clay 's voice is nothing short of amazing and it is clearly heard on this cd . Measure of a Man is an album of love songs and Clay brings us on an emotional journey through his excellent and beautiful singing.Billboard called Measure of a Man the best Pop Album of 2003 . Clay won the American Music Award for Favourite Fan Choice and he was norminated for Favourite Pop Artist just a little over a month after his cd was released . Clay is no doubt a winner and so is Measure of a Man!Sorry , the reviewer who represented Amazon.com. , you got your review of Measure of a Man so dead wrong .
 I must admit that I was almost scared to listen to this CD when it arrived . My expectations were sooooo high - how could Clay possibly live up to them ?! Well , Clay is always full of surprises - he not only lived up to my expectations - he far exceeded them!On TV Clay showed that he is an extremely versatile singer . Everyone knows that he is fabulous on ballads , but who could have guessed that he would be as great on songs with a rock edge like I Survived You and Perfect Day?Although I also love Shine and Perfect Day , I Survived You is my favourite cut from the album . When I heard about this song I was pretty sure that I would n't like it . Clay singing a song about a break up ? - does n't sound like the right kind of song for Clay!How wrong was I ?!!!!! Clay is GREAT on this song - he completely nailed it ! Kudos to Clay for a great performance , and to Clive and his team for finding the song.Although I love Clay & his voice I am not completely biased . I admit that the album is not perfect . Some of the lyrics are a bit cliched , but Clay does an amazing job on each song , and the sheer beauty and power of his voice shine through.This CD is worth EVERY cent . There is not one song that I skip over , and I ca n't even say that about any of my Greatest Hits compilation CD 's ! AWESOME work Clay - I eagerly await your next CD.PS . When you tour , if you go to Singapore , please make a stop off in New Zealand . You have A LOT of fans over here !
 Rarely do you find an album where every song is a winner . With Clay 's album ` Measure of a Man ' , you 'll want to play the whole CD through , again & again.This album combines pop , country , Christian , and just plain-old feel good music together . It 's definitely a must have!In this day & age , it is so refreshing to have a talented artist sing fun , wholesome music.Some of my favorites are ` The Way ' , ` Shine ' & ` Measure of a Man ' . But list could go on.Well done Clay ! You 've surpassed my expectations !
 I have enjoyed listening to Clay Aiken since the first day I saw him on American Idol . His voice is rich , pleasant and true . He is truly a great artist . I along with so many others listen to the CD on my way to work , at lunch and after work on the ride home . It makes for such a pleasant drive . I even listen to it at work and the songs are all so true to life . It 's wonderful . Ca n't wait for another one !
 I just loved Clay 's singles cd and could not wait for his full lenght one . I played it for my husband and he did not even know it was Clay for the first two songs until I told him . It dosent sound like him in some of the songs . It dose n't have that powerful Clay sound that we all became to love . Do n't get me wrong its a wonderful cd but I was hoping for the same power in his voice like his first singles . It 's like the made him change his sound a bit . I still love his music and will continue to buy it.I am sure his next one will be even better as he is so new at this right now .
 Clay 's voice is absolutely amazing ... like the sound of an angel . He sings each song with conviction & even as a non-fan , I guarantee that you 'll be ` clayverted ' once you listen to his album .
 This is an unbelievable debut album for Clay Aiken . He makes all of his fans happy with the variety of music included on the CD . From soaring ballads , to mid-tempo rock to a danceable Latin number . Who would have ever thought Clay Aiken could pull off a sexy Latin song like ` Touch ' . He sings with so much emotion and feeling . ` The Way ' is my favorite ballad . He sang it live on Good Morning America and it sounded even better live . Another winner is ` When You Say You Love Me ' . This danceable tune has a little country flavor . Clay can sing anything.You will not be disappointed with this album . For most artists , their first album is not their best . They do n't have enough input into the song selections . Well , if his first album is this good , I sure ca n't wait to see what CD 2 has to offer us .
 This CD is just . . the best !!! Clay sings with so much emotion ! And his beautiful voice is just so magical .
 This album is wonderful . I can listen to it for hours , and I 'm 65 years old . Please be cautious in believing critical reviews , as some people are unhappy that Clay 's album came out before Ruben 's . I 'm sure Ruben 's album will be really great also .
 Awesome CD !!!! He his beautiful voice really shines through on these songs . I love listening to it over and over . BUY THIS CD !
 This is what I call a `` complete '' cd.It 's one that you can listen over and over to , without skipping a track . Every song is a winner .
 Wow ! This CD is amazing . It showcases his talents so well . Clay is such an amazing singer and I am so glad he was discovered . Thanks American Idol for giving us the chance to enjoy this wonderful talent . Clay , thanks for trying out , your wonderful .
 I love every song and have thoroughly enjoyed listening to it since it 's debut . He has worked hard and deserves the wonderful response he is receiving . Buy it and enjoy it for what it is , a great first time out looking forward to many more .
 At first I was surprised that this album did not have any of the cover songs I expected . Then , as I listened to the CD more than once , these original songs began to grow on me . Not only is Clay 's voice glorious , but the lyrics to the songs are so heartfelt -LRB- and Clay does sing them with heart -RRB- . Actually , it is just nice to be able to listen to songs again where you can UNDERSTAND the lyrics -LRB- and not be ashamed to sing them -RRB- . The CD certainly bears repeat listening.The music is very upbeat , and many cuts are danceable . All will appeal to anyone who has loved and lost , and learned to love again . `` The Way '' is a glorious love song in the timeless tradition , as is `` Perfect Day '' . Many of the songs are life-affirming and uplifting , none more so than `` Measure of a Man '' . This CD is a great addition to any collection , and would also make a great gift . It has wide-spread appeal , and it is no wonder that this wholesome young man has become a heart throb ! Its about time that young people had their own music that can stand with the grand tradition of past generations . These are songs that will not fade with time . Neither will Clay Aiken . His talent is obvious and his voice divine . If he is this good on his debut album , he will be awesome as he grows in experience .
 Congratulations to Clay and RCA for recording the best album I have heard in over 20 years ! It was also the first one worth purchasing in over 20 years . Every song is a winner . I listen to this cd by repeating over and over . My recommendation is not to buy just one . Buy at least two , just in case . You will not be sorry !
 First of all , I think you should limit the reviews to people who have actually bought the CD . I feel alot of these reviews are by people who have n't even listened , but just want to bash Clay.That being said , I love this CD . It has been in my CD player on constant repeat since I got it on the day it came out . There is n't one song that I would skip on it , and I ca n't wait for the next one .
 I had n't purchase a cd in years , this one is so worth it , the music , the voice , everything is so much more than i expected . I ca n't wait for the next one !
 I was n't sure how I would react to this CD . It 's not the usual style of music I listen to , but I love Clay Aiken 's voice . I was pleasantly surprised . This CD rocks ! My favorite song is Shine . I ca n't get it out of my head . I also love Measure of A Man and I Survived You . Yay Clay !
 Anyone who listens to Caly 's voice and disputes the fact that he is a phenominal singer , needs to invest in a huge box of Q-tips or buy some ear wax remover . Clay 's voice is absolutely AMAZING , MAGICAL , HYPNOTIC , POWERFUL.I do n't understand why so many critics tend to bash music that is clearly written to appeal to the public . What 's wrong with giving people what they want ? After all , if we are going to spend our money on it , then it better be what we want . In general people ususally respond to music that appeals to their most basic emotions . They respond to themes that they can relate to -LRB- human relationships , desire for love , friendship , recovering from a lost love , a positive outlook on life -RRB- . These are the things that are in our thoughts every day , so when you hear them in a song , then you know that others are sharing those same feelings and that you 're not alone . When you combine these themes with a brilliant artist who can convey them in such a way that you feel like they 've tapped into your soul and pulled out your every emotion and made them their own , then you have a connection that is immesurable.People want to understand why Clay has such an appeal to the public , and it 's because he is one of US . We saw the real person that was inside the scrawny , geeky facade , and we know he was genuine because he was not tainted by fame and celebrity . If you combine that with the AMAZING talent that this person posesses , then you ca n't help but marvel in it 's greatness.Some argue that Clay is a manufactured POP star who was molded to fit a certain category of public appeal , and that may be true , but the same goes for everyone in the entertainment industry . The transformation that he underwent was no different than any other SUPERSTAR out there . Do you really think that all of those gorgeous celebrities were born beautiful ? NO ... the only difference is that we got to witness his transformation on national TV . Most other POP stars get a complete makeover before we ever get to see them perform for the first time . Clay was the real deal and proof that aesthetic beauty is not an indicator of true talent nor a necessity for success.CONGRATULATIONS CLAY ... Your greatness has filled the hearts of millions who marvel in your talent and embrace you with `` Open Arms '' .
 I was a little nervous at first . Would the CD live up to everthing he has done up to this point ? I had nothing to worry about . I listened to the CD for the first time with my mother and teenage daughter . We were riding along in the car listening to it and it blew us away ! When `` The Way '' started to play we literally could not speak , his voice was beautiful and we were dumbstruck ! When it was over we could only say `` Wow ! '' We were impressed with track after track . My son 's favorite is `` Perfect Day '' , and I simply ca n't pick a favorite . I love `` The Way '' , `` Shine '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , but then there is also `` Touch '' , I can not pick just one , the rest are great , too . Boo ! to those who say Clay 's fans have no taste . I also love Andrea Bocelli , would they say he is also bad ? Probably because those people are low-lifes , they like Brittany Spears and DMX who were just on The Jimmy Kimmel show with Clay . Brittany and DMX are degenerates . I have to say Clay was like a gem , a diamond really , amongst dirt . He was `` Class among the Crass '' . I thank God my daughter has never liked Brittany Spears and chooses a nice guy like Clay Aiken . He is a wonderful rolemodel .
 I HAVE RATED THIS ALBUM 5 STARS BECAUSE THEY ARE N'T OFFERING A HIGHER NUMBER . MEASURE OF A MAN IS AS BILLBOARD AND COUNTLESS OTHERS HAVE TERMED `` THE BEST POP ALBUM OF 2003 '' . WE ALL KNOW AND LOVE `` INVISIBLE '' -LRB- FROM THE AI2 TOUR -RRB- AND `` TITN '' -LRB- FROM AI -RRB- SO WE KNEW HOW GREAT THESE SONGS WERE AND THEN CLAY HIT US WITH `` THE WAY '' TO BE FOLLOWED BY `` WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME '' THESE SONGS ARE DEFINITELY THE ULTIMATE LOVE BALLADS . SO SOFT AND SO SINCERE . EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM IS DONE TO PERFECTION . CLAY 'S VOICE RINGS LOUD AND TRUE ABOVE ALL ELSE . WHEN YOU GET TO THE LAST SONG ON THE ALBUM `` TOUCH '' YOU ARE THINKING HOW CALM AND TRANQUIL THIS ALBUM IS . THEN HE HITS YOU WITH `` TOUCH '' AND ALL YOU WANT TO DO IS GET UP AND DANCE . ANYONE WHO PURCHASES THIS ALBUM IS IN FOR A WONDERFUL RIDE BECAUSE CLAY ROCKS ALL THE WAY !!!!
 I love this album ! It 's got beautiful songs and they just make me feel good ! I do n't think it could 've been any better ! I listen to it everyday !
 This is the best CD I have ever heard !! Please go out and get it ! Clay is the best !!!
 ~ CLAY AIKEN ~ A STAR ... THIS IS THE FIRST CD I HAVE BOUGHT IN YEARS.WHAT A BEAUTIFUL VOICE . . I LOVE EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM . CLAY IS A CHARMING YOUNG MAN WITH A LOT OF TALENT.I 'M A 66YEAR OLD GRANDMA AND I 'M A BIG FAN OF CLAYS . I CAN REMEMBER WHEN WE DID N'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THE CONTENT OF A RECORD BEING UNFIT FOR OUR YOUNG ONES . -LRB- OR FOR ANY ONE -RRB- THE MUSIC BUSINESS HAS BECOME AN X RATED BUSINESS AND IT SEEMS THEY ARE TRYING TO ONE UP ON EACH OTHER TO SELL RECORDS . FINALY THIS YOUNG MAN CLAY AIKEN HAS STOOD BY HIS BELIEFS AND HAS PROVEN THAT YOU CAN PUT OUT A CD USING ONLY YOUR GOD GIVING TALENT AND PEOPLE WILL BUY IT ... AND LOVE IT . REAL TALENT ... NO GIMMICKS ... . IF YOU INJOY BEAUTIFUL MUSIC YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD BY CLAY AIKEN . . AS MANY HAVE ALREADY SAID HE CAN REALLY SING . CLAY IS GOING TO BE ON SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE FEB 7 AND I WILL BE WATCHING .
 Sam , you make me laugh , you know that ? You have been banned from spewing your toxic venom on the AI Forum , you come and do it here ? 2 bad reviews of Clay 's cd in one day -LRB- June 27 -RRB- ? LOL.Of course , Clay is not Fantasia or Ruben . Clay is Clay and they are all doing well . Be happy for all their success and stop grudging Clay his success.There is really no need to put one artist down to raise another , or in your case to raise two others.This cd is excellent and this man is going places . Infinite number of Golden Stars for a Man with a Golden Voice ! I can not wait for his Christmas cd and his next full-length cd !
 I bought this CD the day it came out in Oct and I am still playing it every day . I ca n't remember ever owning a CD that I would listen to every song and still play that CD everyday five months later ! Well worth the money I spent on it.It is a shame that people are using this review area to bash Mr. Aiken because he is out selling the person that actually won American Idol . I did n't watch the show so I ca n't say why someone would feel the need to do this ? I bought the CD because after hearing Mr. Aiken 's `` This is the Night '' on the radio I fell in love with his voice . I am looking forward to his next album !
 I just love this CD I listen to alot and some of the songs have great meaning for me . I especially like I survied you . I am really excited for a new album and hope we get one soon . I am also looking forward to the release of the new single . Clay is someone we have needed for a long time .
 Well , what can you say ? Clay Aiken 's album is so much better than Ruben Studdard 's , and it is also just plain good on its own merit . This is an uplifting and well-done first effort . I do n't care a ton for some songs , but others are just great . I ca n't wait to see the next album . As for Ruben , my guess is that he will disappear pretty quickly .
 I have listened to this CD a total of 46 times and I just LOVE IT.It makes me happy to listen to it and at the moment that I am writing this I am listing to it , this is my 46th time right now , I am on on song # 11 for the 46th time .
 The Clay Aiken CD is definately the BEST CD I have EVER bought . Here 's how I would rate the songs :1 . Invisible 5/52 . I Will Carry You 5/5 one of my favorites on the CD3 . The Way 4/5 Out of all the songs on the CD this is probably one of my least favorites but I still like it very much ! 4 . When You Say You Love Me 5/5 GREAT SONG5 . No More Sad Songs 4/56 . Run to Me 5/57 . Shine 5/58 . I Survived You 5/5 Another one of my favorites9 . This Is the Night 5/510 . Perfect Day 5/511 . Measure of a Man 5/512 . Touch 5/5Clay has an amazing voice and he is very talented . I definately recommend this CD .
 Clay is an amazingly talented man who is sings like an angel . If you love to sing along and want to be inspired , you should buy this album . Listen to it all the way through twice , and you 'll be hooked ! : -RRB-
 I like this debut very much . Clay did not win American Idol but he is a success after the show . Clay reminds me of a young Barry Manilow . I like that Clay is a clean cut guy and that his cd and lyrics are clean as well , that 's a nice and refreshing change in celebrities and music . This is a wonderful cd . I ca n't wait to see Clay 's career flourish and I hope to see Clay Aiken have a wonderful career for a long time to come . He truly deserves it.There are no lyrics printed on the cd booklet and I do n't think you really need them either , it would have been nice but its not necessary . You can hear Clay sing the lyrics clearly and fans like me can sing along with him . Still I wish that the record label had printed the lyrics , that would have been a nice addition . The cd booklet also pulls out into a poster of Clay .
 Hey honey , what happened !? I see that my review of Clay 's MOAM from weeks ago , is now reprinted under your name for February 5th , lol ! I ai n't gon na flatter myself and think that you WANTED this to happen , since I know it is something that was written quickly and posted too fast , w / lazy capitalization errors and typos . I guess what happened was you either wanted to quote my post and comment on it , or Amazon made a mistake ! Either way , it is FUNNY . I think what I will do is find my original post and change it , as I am not so proud of it anyway.Oh , and I LOVE Clay , although I agree w / Paula Abdul , that Clay is better than the songs they gave him on this CD . While it IS definitely worth listening to , let 's hope that the songs and production values go way up for his sophomore effort . Oh , and I am DEFINITELY going to his concert w / Kelly Clarkson at the Glendale Arena on April 2nd , If any of you folks plan to attend , maybe I 'll see you there ?! I just found out that he and KC are alternating being the Headliner , and of course , Kelly is the last to go on at the Glendale , Arizona Show I hope to attend . OH well , just so they do the same length set no matter in what order ! Kelly even admitted that most of the fans are buying tickets to see Clay , so why does n't he just Headline EVERY show ? I guess Clay is too modest for his own good !
 Duh !! Of course second week sales drop off ! Those of us who love his voice bought it the first week . `` Run to Me '' , `` I Will Carry You '' , and `` Measure of a Man '' are my favorites -- I will forever be a Clay Aiken fan . And Clay 's voice is not the only thing society is craving ... Clay has not been on the radio much to my knowledge -- people who have class and enjoy class acts have not been heard on the radio front for many years . ...
 Every single song on this album leaves me speechless . Words can not express how much Clay 's voice has touched my very soul . This is the best album I have ever had the priveledge of holding in my hands and listening to , and I do n't know what I would be doing without it . I 'm now waiting with baited breath for his next albums . If they are anything like this one -LRB- and I know they will be -RRB- , then Clay , keep 'em coming !
 Do n't trust the negative reviews . They 're all trying to bring Clay down for no logical reason . The same reviewers that have bashed him in print , radio , etc. , are now doing it on Amazon.com . These people are not credible.MEASURE OF A MAN is a terrific CD . Clay has an amazing voice and it shines through beautifully on all of the songs . Clay sings like he 's been doing this professionally for years . THIS IS AN IMPRESSIVE DEBUT CD . IT DOES N'T GET ANY BETTER .
 What some great tunes ! Noramlly I hate at least one or two to three songs on a cd but I loved all the songs on this Cd . He was great during the concert when I first heard his first single off of his cd when he came out wearing a Red Wings shirt . I thought the song was great . But I also loved Measure of a Man song . But over all the whole cd is good to good to be true .
 This CD is the best of the year and the best that has been out in years ! Clay 's voice will make the ladies want to melt.Although several are capable of being number one hits my favorites are The Way , When You Say You Love Me , Measure Of A Man and Shine . Oops , I almost wrote more as favorites ! But thats the way it is with the CD . It is difficult to single out a favorite.If you are looking for a beautifully sung CD that will make you want to sing all day , buy this one !! Ca n't wait for your next one Clay and by the way Clive Davis ... listen to your artists more . They know what they are good at better than you and the public wants good music .
 This CD is outstanding !!! The more you listen to it the more you 'll like it . My favorite is # 11 `` Measure Of A Man . '' My family and I met Clay during his concert tour with American Idol , and he was very friendly , and really represents the songs that he sings well.The song `` Invisible '' is also one of my favorite . He sang this during the tour , and we could not wait until this CD was released . We now look forward to see Clay on his own tour!Finally , if you ask my teenage daughters , what songs they like from the CD ? They would tell you every single one of them . In fact , I think they bought more than 10 CDs to pass out to friends and families , and I have two copies playing in my office.Congratulations to Clay on his first album ! To American Idol , and 19 Entertainment , and RCA records.Keep singing Clay ! You have millions of Clay Mate Fans around the world.Dr . Thomas , Raven , Beverly and Tiffany from Guam
 I expected that Clay Aiken 's debut CD would be remarkable , and I was right . His voice is phenomenal and it shows on this album . The fourth track , `` When You Say You Love Me '' , has a country feel to it -LRB- vocally -RRB- , but it 's not bad . . I still like it , because he 's got a excellent voice . There 's not a track on the CD that I dislike ; I think they 're all great . I 'm not at all disappointed with this compilation . I definitely recommend the album to everyone who enjoys an incredible male voice and infectious upbeat pop-like songs , mixed with lovely semi-ballads .
 This CD is a wonderful surprise . Who would have thought that such talent was out there and would come from such an unexpected place as American Idol . Aiken has a stunning voice and the song selection showcases that . Overall the CD has an 80s feel with hints of Journey , Night Ranger and Freddy Mercury with a little Beatles and Paul McCartney thrown in for good measure . Every song is wonderfully produced while letting his great voice shine through . There is n't a single song I skip on this CD and there is n't one I do n't enjoy singing along with . If you buy just one CD this year , this is the one to buy !
 Billboard Review says this is the BEST Album of 2003 . Are they ever right ! We love it . It plays all the way to work & back each day -LRB- which certainly helps with the Atlanta traffic -RRB- . We could hardly wait for release of this CD & it delivers MORE than anticipated . Beautiful . . beautiful.May we order his 2nd album right now ?
 When I first listened to the CD I think it was okay , though I liked some of the songs instantly -LRB- like Invisible and Measure of a Man -RRB- . However , the more I listen to it , the more I like it.The choice of songs are not good enough though ... . they do n't really show his ability ... but I still give the CD a 5 stars ... because Clay 's voice is just sooooooooooooooo amazing ... . I love listening to his voice ... . Clay is a truly great singer !! Just hope he will pick better songs for his next album .
 Clay has a beautiful voice and it takes you into a different world , he has the voice of an angel and he is sure to be around for a looooooooooong time ! : -RRB-
 If you long for the days when Top 40 radio was a great mixture of Motown , hard rock , pop ballads and a little R&B thrown in , and are dismayed when you hear the mind-numbing sameness of what passes for rap/hip-hop/rock that Clear Channel or Infinity chooses to feed the masses on the airwaves , then you will be thrilled with this CD . A good singer -- singing memorable songs -- well-produced and arranged . This is a feel-good album that deserves airplay and probably wo n't get it -- but with the meltdown between the record industry and radio looming on the horizon that may not matter . Word of mouth will make Measure of a Man a mega-seller . And yeah -- I LOVE this CD .
 Clay Aiken 's debut album is a must buy . Billboard called it the Best Pop Album of 2003 , which is exactly what it is . The songs just get better with each listening and they give you goosebumps . My personal favorites are The Way and Touch , but I love all other songs too . There just is n't one song that is not good . EACH AND EVERY SONG is just so good that they can all be released as singles . I am so happy with this album . The songs are great and Clay 's voice and singing style is one and only . I just can not wait for Clay Aiken 's next CD .
 What a great album ! I have enjoyed listening to this over and over again . I love the first hit Invisible and Run to Me is also great . They are all good . Clay has an amazing voice and hope to hear many more songs from him . He has done a wonderful job and its amazing this is only his first CD - you would have thought he had been recording all his life . I plan on buying this CD for many of my Christmas gifts this year .
 Clay Aiken , fresh of the second installment of American Idol really nails his first album . This CD is absolutley AMAZING - the lyrics are beautiful and Aiken sings them flawlessly . This album truly deserves to reside at the number one position for a long while and everyone in America should own a copy .
 My favorite is `` The Way '' . Great song for him and he delivers . `` I Will Carry You '' is another goodie . There are a couple of songs that seem a little odd for him -LRB- almost country-ish ... yuk -RRB- , but he still does a great job with them.Buy the CD !
 Clay Aiken 's song , `` Invisible '' sounds like thepopular `` BStreetBoy '' - ` song style . ` Clay 's performance is beyond measure !!!!! His incredibly impressive vocal ability justhas to be shared , so we bought several copiesof his CD 's as gifts for family and friends .
 This cd is truly worth the wait ! I can listen and enjoy each and every song in the CD.Invisible and Measure of the Man are the best!Platinum for Clay !!
 He just gives me chills at the sound of his voice . The Way is amaizing ! My only complaint is that he was used in such a `` safe '' way . He has such an amaizing gift and I hope that his next album has more risks . Still Invisible , the Way , Measure of a Man are excellent . I bought this CD on day one and listened everyday . I just ca n't get enough of his voice ...
 One would never know that `` Measure Of A Man '' is Clay Aiken 's debut CD , based on his perfect vocals , and his cautious choice of songs . New to the public or not , Clay is no novice at singing . He knew what he wanted to give his fans , and he delivered . Rarely do I buy a CD and end up loving the sound of each and every track.Thank you Clay , for the obvious hard work it must have taken to only present the best . Although I long for that much-anticipated full-length version of Solitaire , -LRB- maybe someday ... if we 're very , very good fans ???? -RRB- I adore this CD , and look forward to many , many more .
 I purchased this CD after hearing Clay Aiken perform on the Tonight Show . I was floored by his presence and vocal power . I really enjoy the tracks with an edgier rock feel , such as the powerful `` No More Sad Song '' and the catchy `` Invisible '' . Aiken 's voice is flexible and controlled and he really sells these pop songs . Definitely a worthwhile CD purchase .
 My first reaction was WOW ! I think that this is the first CD I have ever purchased that I LOVED every song . He has such a powerful voice and sings with such emotion that every song carries such a strong message ; and he delivers each with style and grace . He has moved beyond American Idol to a new level of sophistication . This is better than some Greatest Hits I have by artists I have listened to for years ... we ca n't wait for him to start touring!Thanks Clay and RCA for putting out this quality CD .
 Wow - this CD IS AMAZING ! There are n't any of those `` CD-Filler '' songs in my opinion ! W-O-W ... Clay is truly amazing inside and out and it was honestly money well spent !
 If you 're buying this cd because of his past work , you will not be disappointed . If you 're a first time Clay fan , you 'll love this . Everything on this cd is very easy to listen to , not too loud , not too soft.Every song has a lot of emotion , especially Measure of a Man . If you 're not one that likes love songs , stay away from this CD , it 's not meant for you . As for those who do like this music
 This CD is so good ! Clay 's voice is phenomenal , as always . The songs are awesome , the production is amazing!The music connects with me on an emotional level like no other singer I have ever heard . It 's amazing ... Clay has the ability to just connect with his listeners.Great job to all involved ! This is going to be a HUGE hit !! Thanks Clay !!
 I love every single song on this cd ! I already know most of the words because I could n't stop listening to it at work today ! His voice and those songs make this CD a perfect 10 ! I would recommend this to EVERYONE !!!
 I have to say , I have n't bought a Rock/Pop CD in a very long time . I usually by Country . Well suffice it to say , I will be buying everyone of Clay Aiken CDs . This CD is Phenomanol and will defentially be a HIT . You can feel/hear the passion coming from Clay as he sings each and everyone of these songs . It is a Must Buy for anybody who like honest to goodness Rock/Pop Music or for that Matter everybody should by this CD .
 This CD is the best i 've ever heard . Every single person on this planet should own a copy of Clay 's marvellous work of art . If you are pondering whether to order it or not , let me be the one to push you in the right direction . Clay has outdone himself this time .
 Love this CD . No , it 's not Clay Aiken from AI , it 's someone much better -- this voice is more confident , more mature and more sensual . The arrangements are lush yet crisp , with a definite beat and just a bit of an edge . I , too , loved Clay 's voice on AI and it 's still here -- the naysayers should take another listen . The only track on which I would say the music gets in the way of his voice is ` Shine . ' And , ` No More Sad Songs ' drags the tempo down a bit too much in the middle of the album ; I would have dumped this track . But ` The Way ' is one of the most beautiful love songs I 've heard in years ; it 's sure to become a standard . ` Touch ' is simply amazing . And ` Perfect Day ' is made to order for Clay 's voice -- I ca n't think of another singer who could do this justice . Really , really terrific . If you love pop music , do yourself a favor and buy this album .
 Measure of a Man is one of those rare CDs where every single song is worth listening to ! A mix of uptempo pop and ballads , this CD provides a range of styles to showcase Clay Aiken 's amazing talents and prove once and for all , that he is a true pop superstar.I 'll be listening to this one until my player wears out !
 Truly awesome CD ! Definitely not disappointed ! His powerful voice shines with emotion and passion !!
 ALL OF THE SONGS ON THIS ALBUM ARE THE BEST SONGS FOR THE BEST VOICE EVER !!!!! I WAS VERY SURPRISED WHEN I WAS LISTING TO THE SONG CALLED `` I SURVIVED YOU '' I WAS CRYING ! NOT BECAUSE IT WAS BAD BUT BECAUSE OF THE WAY HE SANG IT , IT WAS SO POWERFUL !! I TRULY MEAN IT !! HE MADE IT SOUND AS IF HE WAS SINGING TO SOMEONE -LRB- HONEST TO GOD I THINK THIS SONG WAS DEDICATED TO HIS BIOLOGICAL FATHER -RRB- IF YOU LISTEN TO IT YOU WILL KNOW WHAT I MEAN . IM NOT SURE IF IT WAS BUT IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN!CLAY AIKEN HAS THE MOST POWERFUL VOICE EVER , HES JUST THE BEST !! I DONT CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS , HE IS THE BEST !! WHEN HE SINGS YOU WOULD THINK HE WAS SINGING IT TO YOU . EVEN IF YOU ARE A RUBEN FAN YOU REALLY SHOULD BUY THIS ALBUM TO SEE WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT ! ANYWAY , CLAY , I LOVE YOU SOOOOOOO MUCH !!! YOU ROCK MY WORLD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HOPE YOU KEEP MAKING ALBUMS -LRB- IM NOT LYING I THINK IM ADDICTIED TO YOUR VOICE -RRB- WHEN I TRY TO STOP LISTING TO IT , ITS REALLY HARD TO STOP !! I LOVE YOU !!! TO ALL THE PEOPLE OUT THERE BUY THIS ALBUM NOW !!!!!!!!!!! YOU WONT REGRET IT !! I PROMISE !
 `` Measure of a Man '' - the entire CD is Great , it 's Wonderful !!! It 's # 1 , # 1 , # 1 . As with every album most people have a favorite song . My favorite is `` The Way '' . Clay sings this particular song extremely well and the musical arrangement blends perfectly with his beautiful voice . It gave me chills and brought me to tears . I also like Invisible , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , Touch , Run To Me and , of course , This Is The Night ... I could go on and on because the entire CD/album is so well put together . I purchased several copies of `` Measure of a Man '' . It is very refreshing to finally have a singer whose voice I always want to hear . Because Clay sings with such power and passion , he can make any song sound better . These songs are very different from the songs he sang on American Idol . This proves what a great singer/artist he is.Clay stated in his `` Thank You '' to us , his fans , that he hopes this project makes us proud . I am proud of this project and of you , Clay . Thank you , once again for sharing your beautiful voice with us . I look forward to Clay 's long-lasting career in music . This CD is a must-have . It 's excellent !
 Clay Aiken is the new sensation!I must say this is one of the best cds i own . Usually i purchase a cd and a few of the songs i do n't care for on the cd . That is definitely not the case this time . I was completely amazed by the purity of the music and fantastic meaning behind his songs . I loved AI season II and all of the performances . However , Clay always stood out from the rest . In my opinion , Clay should have been the real american idol , and i think his cd sales are going to prove my point . Clay , you are great ! I ca n't wait until your next album ! I will be one of the first to get it !
 Measure of a Man is the greatest CD I own , and will probably ever own , unless Clay comes out with a new album , then they 'll be both equally the greatest CDs I 'll ever own . There 's a variety of songs on the CD , all excelently sung . Clay 's voice is amazing . It 's quite evident that there 's been a lot of work put into this album . It 's a must have .
 I was n't sure what to expect , but I truly enjoyed this CD . Clay is so talented , and there are some really good songs here . `` Invisible '' is excellent -- a bit different than what I expected after hearing it in concert in July , but wonderful , `` Shine '' is extremely cool and a nice surprise , `` The Way '' , `` When You Say You Love Me '' , and the title track are all great . I could go on ... but you get the idea . Definitely worth getting .
 My daughter & I have listened to this CD 4 times tonight already-WE JUST CA N'T GET ENOUGH of Clay !!! I encountered many people buying this CD this morning at 7 : a.mWhat a GREAT asset to your CD collection !!!!!!! SO WORTH the money !!!! I bought 4 for friends & family who wanted it , but were unable to be up at the crack of dawn !!! They 've called several times expressing how much they appreciate me picking up an absolute masterpiece !!! I love Clay - His voice is SO POWERFUL & SOOOOO Original - HE 'S THE GREATEST !!!! I love EVERY song on the CD , but my favorites are ... I Will Carry YouNo More Sad SongsI Survived YouI will get in line all over again for his 2nd CD !!! Clay is a POWERHOUSE !!!! I LOVE HIM !!!!! This is a `` MUST HAVE CD !!! ''
 This CD is packed with absolutely wonderful songs , I ca n't stop playing it ! There 's a little bit of everything , so if you do n't like one , just skip to the next track . What am I saying ? How could you not LOVE CLAY AIKEN !
 This is by far the best album I have heard in years . It 's very clean and great for all families . I recommend this over Eminem and 50 cent . You will not regret if you but this !
 Great debut album . Invisible , This Is The Night , and Measure of a Man are all amazing . My favorite is Perfect Day which has a really catchy chorus.What a set of pipes!Can ' t wait for album # 2 and for the videos .
 Finally a man with conviction and emotion as well as one of the most enjoyable voices I 've ever heard . It 's simply a pleasure to relax and enjoy the sound . I was a little disappointed that Solitare was n't on it also . He did such a wonderful job on it . Maybe next time .
 After the massive success of Clay Aiken 's first single , `` This is the Night '' , the expectations were high for his debut album . Luckily , Aiken does not disappoint . From the catchy , up-tempo single `` Invisible '' to the touching and emotive title track , `` Measure of a Man '' , this cd provides a fantastic balance of lyrical depth and impressive vocal range . While some think his powerful voice is better suited for Broadway , this impeccable debut cd proves that Clay has the capability of being a phenomenal recording artist . In an industry full of sell-outs and talentless clones , it 's refreshing to experience an artist as gifted and genuine as Clay Aiken .
 Since the moment I heard Clay on American Idol 2 I have loved his voice . This album shows just what this youg man can do , he can SING ! The songs are powerful and sung to perfection by Clay . Every song is really great , and you will definitely listen to this album over and over . I do n't see how anyone could not like it , it 's just that good . This is one of the greatest , if not the grestest pop album of all time , Clay made a masterpiece !
 I have no doubt that Clay Aiken debut CD will be a big hit . Since he had caught millions of TV viewers who turn to ` Claymates ' immediately after listening his beautiful voice coming out . His single ` This is the Night ' went platinum quicker than any of debut singles in music history . I had bought Clay 's debut CD in this big day and as soon as you listen to whole CD , This album is worth waiting . I will not be surprised if this album go to platinum in very first day .
 This album is so much more than I expected ! All of the tracks work together , yet there is tremendous variety in the types of songs . There are upbeat danceable songs , a couple of great love songs , some power ballads , and all of them sung with emotion in that glorious voice . Clay also has a way of connecting with the lyrics that is rare . I have played it at least six times and it is truly awesome , especially for a debut artist . Just a great album and a must buy if you are a pop music fan . My favorite tracks -LRB- although that may change -RRB- Touch , Shine and Invisible .
 I really am enjoying listening to Clay on this CD . He really is such a talent and is progressing very nicely .
 I just Ca n't stop Listing to This Cd !! No Other Singer Has had this Kind of affect on me and everyone tries to figure out What it is about this man that makes us all crazy , its `` The Way '' He sings right from his heart !! I love this CD so much I bought 5 . one for my car , one for work , and one for when Im surfing the net :-RRB- and 2 for good luck !! : -RRB- Thank you Clay !!!!
 This is an amazing work . His album is full of songs that are full of substance , you can relate to them and he sings them very meaningfully . I Will Carry You is a fabulous song.Well done !
 This album seems to be a wonderful mix of what his audience from American Idol has come to expect of Clay Aiken 's rich and powerful voice and new melodies , some with a rock edge , that depart from the ballads and standards that he sang on the show . His ability to deliver emotional performances is a given and Measure of a Man continues to provide a wonderful ride through songs with enough longing , romance , and excitement to satisfy anyone with an ear for a pure and stunning voice that seems to mirror the man . It is hoped that this debut is the first of many albums to come as Mr. Aiken continues to grow , evolve , and shine as a recording artist .
 Clay has an awesome voice and this CD is the best !! I love all the songs but if I had to select favorites , `` Measure of a Man '' and `` Touch '' !! It was well worth the wait . Buy this CD ! You will play it over-and-over again ! When will his next ` SOLO ' CD be released ? Soon I hope !
 This album is all `` CLAY '' , it is definately worth buying !!!!! The songs are not all ballads and abit for everyone !!!!!
 Once again , Clay Aiken delivers to his eager fans ... I know personally that I would love anything that Clay tried to sing , but I am particularly impressed by his new CD . The long aniticipation was well worth it , and I know I 'll be wearing this disc out before much time passes at all . Each track adds something a little different without ever straying from a safety zone for Clay ... my personal faves are When You Say You Love Me , I Survived You , Measure of a Man , and Touch . I say this although any of these songs have the potential to become my favorite . We love you , Clay !
 This album is amazing ! The vocal range Clay displays is truly inspiring . The true World Idol has made a name for himself with this debut album .
 Beautiful cd !!! Clays voice is absolutely amazing !
 I do n't usually buy CDs because honestly , I ca n't see spending $ 10-15 on something where I am only going to like 2-3 songs out of 12 . For once , there is a CD out where I like every single track on it - that 's Clay 's CD . This man is an up and coming vocal wonder that breathes life into the pop music industry . It 's a CD where we can feel safe letting a child listen to it and enjoy listening to it ourselves . You will NOT be sorry on purchasing this one !
 If you liked Clay on AI2 You will like him even better in his debut cd ! His voice is amazing and like we 'd never heard it before !! Yes ... he does still sound like Clay ... I assure you ... but this cd shows EVERYTHING that he can do with his voice ... Even though these songs are more upbeat and pop-like then his previous recordings , if you liked him before ... you WILL like him better now . My personal favorite on `` Measure of a man '' is `` I will carry you '' it shows his voice in an amazing way ... if you do n't have this cd ... you need to get it !! After all , it 's currently at # 1 on here , so it 's got ta be amazing !!
 Many of you Idol fans have been ` Aiken ` for this CD to be released , and for good reason . This is a wonderful CD and I love mine . The only thing about it is that he sings toO many slow songs . I have been an Aiken fan since he first sang on AI . I love Clay and all his songs , I would recomend this CD to anyone and everyone !! CLAY FOREVER !!!!! S.G.
 I had to stand and wait at 7:30 this morning for the Meijers folks to re-fill the sold out section for this album , but it was worth it.I love the songs on this album , and I love Clay 's voice . The hard part would be to decide which song should be released to the radio next .
 Clay has delivered the best CD I have ever heard in my entire life . The CD showcases Clay 's outstanding voice wonderfully . There is the perfect blend of up-tempo songs and ballads . If you liked Clay 's single , you 'll adore this . I have listened to it about a million times and I do n't think I 'll ever get sick of it . Clay , I LOVE YOU !!!!
 I enjoyed every song on this album . Clay and his producers did a great job picking out songs that showcase Clay 's wonderful voice . The songs were all unique and I predict that there will be several number one songs generated off this CD . Congratulations Clay , you did a fantastic job !!
 Clay Aiken 's frist CD is outstanding . It has a bit of everything on it - some rock , some pop , AC , jazzy and some Latin tones . I love every songs on it . He has a great voice and can sing almost any genre of music . My favorite is `` Measure of a Man '' , beautiful lyrics and showcase his voice very well . Another favorite is `` The Way '' , so sensual it sends chills up my veins . Also `` Touch '' is very sexy and has a good beat.I was so tired of most of the pop music out there so I am glad Clay brought back good music into my life.For those that like the Beatles , Elton John , Journey and soft rock oldies , this album is for you !
 I am really impressed with the quality of this album , particularly given the poor quality of his first single , -LRB- the music drowned out Clay 's voice -RRB- . These recordings are very polished , and very clean . Clay 's voice sounds amazing , and the songs are really catchy . This is not surprising considering the song writers and producers , -LRB- one song is written by Enrique Iglasias , the album is produced by Clive Davis , etc. -RRB- There is a good variety of upbeat and `` mellow '' songs . The songs are clean , no vulgarity , which is a nice change . Just pure clean music sung by a young man with an incredible voice.This is a great pop album that will appeal to all ages . Really really well done for a first album - this is definitely a professional album and Clay has proven that he is a talented young man , truly a professional . This definitely proves that Clay can and will make it as a `` pop star '' . If he chooses to , he can probably make it even farther than that.If you liked Clay on American Idol , you 'll love this album . If you did n't like Clay you might be surprised at how good this album is . If you have n't heard of Clay , -LRB- come out from under that rock ! -RRB- but you like male pop vocalists or pop music that you can sing along to , you 'll enjoy this album . Very easy to listen to , easy to sing along to , downright enjoyable !! A very smooth , polished , well done album . -LRB- Even my `` rocker '' husband enjoys it and has been caught singing Clay songs when he thinks I 'm not listening -RRB- .
 i am a 30 year old woman so i can definitely say i am not a teeny bopper . i am also a professional with a doctorate degree so i think it is safe to say i 'm not stupid . rca did not pay me to write this review . i think those people who are claiming they bought the cd and hated it are lying . they most likely pretended to have bought the cd and made negative comments to sway the buyers . i think i would believe the 2000 something reviewers who are claiming they love the cd than believe the 10 people who are hating the cd and clay , stop hating and just accept the fact that CLAY HAS MILLIONS OF FANS AND HE IS INDEED A WONDERFUL , TALENTED , AND DESERVING OF ALL THE GOOD THINGS HE IS RECEIVING . GOD TAKES CARE OF THOSE WHO FOLLOW HIM . by the way , my aunt who is 60 and is a cpa adores clay as well as my niece who i 9 . my dad who is 50 and my sister who is 20 .
 At first hearing the album sounded kinda bland . But some of the songs really grow on you , just like Clay . Have a listen to `` The Way '' , `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` Run to Me '' - they 're songs you can sing/sway to , and I 'd certainly take this album with me on long drives .
 I 've loved Clay 's voice since the beginning ... reminds me of another Harry Connick , Jr. voice ... his music is refreshing and addicting ... he is very humble about his music and life since the beginning . I thought it was great when his album went double platinum the first week it came out !!! Poo , poo on Ruben ! ... Even tho he is a `` velvet teddy bear '' , his voice is more for soul music , and not as good as some of the `` soul '' survivors ... he will in no way go as far as Clay in this genre , ... it 's a pleasure to hear songs that do n't have cuss words , but are meaningful -LRB- NOT sappy , as some have said -RRB- ... we need more like Clay in the music industry , and am waiting for another CD from him . Keep it up Clay !!!! Your voice is heavenly !! Glad you won a billboard music award !!!
 I bought this CD the day is came out . I still play it 3 or more times a day . My kids love and my 90 year old grandmother loves it . Clay 's voice is really beautiful , it 's to bad that you have Ruben fans on here trashing it just to make Ruben look better . How disapointing for Both Clay and Ruben . If you want to hear some music that is clean and will just put you in a good mood this is the CD to buy . I ca n't wait for his next CD to come out , I will be the first person to get one !
 This is my third review of this CD , I was n't going to write another one but decided that if someone has doubt 's about whether or not to buy it maybe this would help . I have four kids 11-24 and when I brought this CD home they were like `` yuk mom can you turn the stereo down ! '' Well it 's a month later and when I walk in my house I no longer hear rap , alternative etc being played , it 's Clay Aiken ! I had to buy each of them their own CD just to keep the peace ! If he can win over my kids then he is one talented guy . Personally this is one of the best CD 's I have ever heard , I spend alot of time on my computer and I listen to it over and over again . When I am not listening to it I am humming the songs in my head , it 's feel good music . I have quite a large CD collection but I have n't listened to anything else since I bought this one . We have a tradition in my house that between Thanksgiving and Christmas we only play Christmas music but we have decided that this year we are breaking that 24 year tradition ! We ca n't go a day without playing this CD ! Even my kids are looking forward to his next one !
 I ca n't believe some people would come here into the Amazon site and trash not only Clay but also trash Clays fans . When people have nothing intelligent to say they resort to personal attacks . In doing so , they just confirm their stupidity!I have pondered something , and wondered if some of you can recall from junior high school or high school when you were in music class , did n't the teacher stress the importance of good air movement , clear tone , clear diction and not singing flat or sharp ? Do you remember that ? So having said that , since when was it `` bad '' to sing with clarity , be able to hold a note properly , and pronounce words so that the listening audience could understand them and sing along ? These personal attacks on Clay just blow my mind ! Clay has so much talent I ca n't even think of anyone else that comes close . I believe that the clay bashers out there are just angry because someone as talented as clay is `` showing up '' the no-talent people that are on the radio nowadays . So do n't listen to the Clay-haters , they just have an agenda to keep their trash on the radio and keep people like Clay off . EXERT THE POWER OF YOUR WALLET AND BUY THIS CD!But , we live in a free country and you have the right to listen to the morons who will say anything to bash Clay , or you can disregard their drivel and purchase the best CD you will purchase this year . THE CHOICE IS YOURS ...
 Clay Aiken shows that you can still sing songs without the language . His respect for himself as well as for others is projected very well through his music . I am proud to be from Raleigh and ca n't wait to go to a concert with my daughters , yes I am a mom . To be able to capture an audience of all ages is just amazing .
 Do n't listen to that negative review below . This fantastic CD is GREAT , magnificent , and definitely worth purchasing . It is Clay Aiken 's debut CD , and it has sold over 3 million copies . Not many debut CDs sell that amount . The singing is terrific on the CD , and the songs are unique , entertaining , and so enjoyable . You will not be disappointed at all . Billboard Magazine called this CD `` The Best Pop CD of 2003 , '' and they are so right . I listen to this CD everyday and have been for 3 years . I never get tired of listening to it . Real talent is showcased on this CD ; it is CLAY AIKEN 's amazing voice that will give you chills . Please purchase this outstanding CD from an artist who is definitely here to stay . This CD Rocks !!! This CD Rules !!!
 Really , I 'm never disappointed with Clay . Amazing voice , amazing talent ... and it never hurts to be that adorable . If you have n't given this guy a chance yet , you should give this album a listen .
 I became a fan of Clay while watching American Idol 2 . On his debut CD , he has shown the world that he is not just the `` runner-up '' but a true artist . His first single `` Invisible '' is very radio friendly and has a great tempo . Each song shows off Clay 's incredible talent and no one can deny that . I would have to say that this will silence any critics out there . A great POP album overall !!!!
 i purchased my Clay Aiken cd at 12:01 a.m. on October 14 , 2003 ... this young man has a voice that gives me the chills and actually brings tears to my eyes when he sings ... . I had the pleasure to see Clay in the A.I. concert tour and it is a time of my life that i will never forget ... Clay 's cd Measure of a Man is breathtaking ... . i love all 12 songs . . My favorite one that makes me play it over and over and over is The Way ... What a beautiful ballard . . I hope that the radio stations around the country starts to play his cd A.S.A.P. Clay you are a beautiful young man with a compasion for others and for that god has given you the gift of a beautiful amazing voice ... I 'll end my review with these words ... CLAY I TRULY ADORE YOU . . I truly pray that your CD goes DOUBLE PLATINUM ...
 I received this album yesterday and have listened to it about 5 times . Is it full of pop ballads ? Yes . Is it avante garde or unusual ? No . But Clay 's clear , beautiful voice comes through . That 's what it 's about
 I truly respect Clay and the morals he has . I fell in love with him during auditions and think he was robbed in the final ! This CD is just wonderful . I too , usually buy a CD and like a few songs but just love this whole CD ! Very romantic music and such a voice !
 I do n't care what the critics say . The world is ready to hear REAL music . Good melodies , thoughtful lyrics , and add to that already good mix - the incredible voice of Mr. Clay Aiken ! What that all adds up to is the best CD of the year . Maybe the century . I predict this will be the top selling album of all time.If you have never heard Clay you NEED to hear him NOW . -LRB- and if you have n't heard him , or of him , what rock have you been hiding under ?! -RRB- Incidentally , this is the first CD that I have bought in over five years ... maybe more.So ... when 's the next Clay Aiken CD ? Tomorrow is not soon enough ...
 I 've listened to this CD over and over and it gets better every time . My favorites keep changing every day . Today I woke up humming `` Perfect Day '' . Yesterday , it was `` The Way '' . My tastes in music cover a wide range and I do n't expect Clay to cover them all . So if you only like hip-hop , rap or hard rock you wo n't like it . But if you like listening to a beautiful passionate voice sing love songs , pop ballads and light rock this is a must buy .
 Measure of a Man is an absolutely wonderful CD . How refreshing to finally buy an album in which each and every song is of such quality that it 's difficult to pick out a favourite . Other artists should take a lesson from Mr. Aiken who has certainly raised the bar for what consumers expect in entertainment . Buy this CD - it 's FABULOUS !!!
 MOAM is a treasure trove of pleasures , some large , some small . It is the first album I 've listened to in years where I enjoyed all the songs . From the complex angst of I Survived You to the sensual latin beat of Touch , Clay 's voice and subtle phrasing compel the listener . Shine provides its own joyous punch , a terrific puzzler of a song . Clay does n't have to have , does n't NEED overt sexual lyrics . The longing and tenderness are part of the very fabric of that voice.I ca n't wait for the next album .
 I received this album yesterday and have listened to it about 5 times . Is it full of pop ballads ? Yes . Is it avante garde or unusual ? No . But Clay 's clear , beautiful voice comes through . That 's what it 's about
 This is an exceptional CD . In today 's world , a clean-cut guy singing clean-cut songs is , indeed , rare , and needless to say refreshing . Clay 's clear voice excels . His voice and the lyrics complement each other . As in all CD 's there are some songs you like more than others . I have my favorites on this CD . I strongly disagree with a rating I read in our local newspaper giving this CD a D + . All I can say is `` to each his own . ''
 I was expecting Clay Aiken to be all ballady on his first cd , so I was surprised that he was n't . This is a solid first cd . It 's hardly what you would expect from him . It starts with the upbeat stalker like song Invisible . The lyrics go like `` if I was invisible/I 'd watch you in your room '' . But the song , with a good beat and hook , gets into your head and stays there . When You Say You Love Me has a country sound to it , showing that Aiken does have versatility . No More Sad Songs is a raw and edgy song . I even believe that Aiken is angry on it . Aiken is a belter though , so he does end up with some belter songs . He never goes over the top . Perfect Day and I Will Carry You are perfect examples . He hits the money notes with intensity and perfection . This is a great pop cd ! If you 're bored of all of the unoriginal rap crap and of singers who have even a hard time lip syncing , this is one cd you should own .
 I 'm a huge Clay fan . Love him , love his music , love everything about him . You must buy this CD . It is amazing . It 's everything you 'd expect from Clay and MORE ! :-RRB- But # 10 is `` Perfect Day '' , a song they left out on the listing on amazon.com . Buy this CD , it 's amazing !
 This is a terrific CD ! I just listened to the whole thing in my car and every song is great . He is a great entertainer , performer and what I have read and seen in interviews he is just an all around great person who you ca n't help but love . He has touched many of us in different ways keep up the great work .
 I read a lot of reviews of Clay 's first CD , saying it just was n't good , but I bought it yesterday anyway , because I just thought he was amazing on American Idol . I have to say , I honestly LOVE THIS CD ! The songs are n't groundbreaking , but they 're great , and with his voice , Clay could sing Mary Had A Little Lamb and it would be lovely ! This is a must have for Clay lovers , but even if you did n't love him , it 's still a good first CD ! Look forward to more !! Favorite tracks
 Personally , I loved the songs & loved hearing Clay sing them . I do n't think people realize how their reviews are being viewed by the doubting news sources who are just looking for something negative to say about him . The fact that you might prefer to hear him sing something more traditional should not result in your giving him less than 5 stars . CNN just takes that as a negative response to blow out of proportion . ANYWAY , I certainly was n't disappointed !
 Here is a review from someone who has actually LISTENED to the CD and is not on Amazon.com just to bash and make poor ratings ... This is a great first-start CD for Clay Aiken . I am so proud . People forget that the people on the AI shows are n't professional singers . They compete to be the best of the group and to win a contract and to win the opportunity to professionally train and mature in their singing abilities.Keeping that in mind , this album highlights Clay 's voice so beautifully and , if you enjoyed his singing on AI , you will love hearing it even moreso on these recordings . He has so much emotion and power behind his voice -- it 's truly amazing . What 's even more amazing is that he has overcome some tremendous obstacles to become a down-to-earth , genuine person in a world where the word `` celebrity '' has its own stereotypes . In my humble opinion , he defines the type of person more people should look up to.The only critique I have of the album has to do with the studio 's production . Like they did on BOTW , some of the arrangements of music and background voices do n't let Clay 's vocals shine as they should . Sound quality-wise , I hope the studio steps it up for further CD recording sessions.Clay ... awesome job ... and you are the measure of what a man should be . Best wishes !
 And yes , that 's a good thing . Prepare for the words and his wonderful voice meshing together to bring you to an emotional high . Clay music stands out amongst a field of untalented , precocious garbage foisted upon the public.The only small fault I could find is that the studio recordings mask the power and timbre of his live voice . Yet there 's not a bad cut on this album.I expect it will be the years best seller . Go Clay !
 For the first time in my life , I have listened to a CD all the way through -LRB- multiple times ! -RRB- and loved EVERY SINGLE SONG . The album ? Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man . `` Some critics bash Clay for not singing the typical pop song about sex and drugs -LRB- although I have to disagree with the sex part ... `` Touch '' is pretty hot :D -RRB- , but honestly , what 's so wrong with having MORALS ? I think it 's awesome and admirable . Everyone can respect Clay for this album , and he really IS making a revolution in the music industry.For the record , I 'm 18 years old ; I 'm a member of that Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera generation . Haha.I highly recommend this album to EVERYONE , Clay fans and Clay hatahs alike . :-RRB- It 's uplifting and beautiful ... very inspiring , emotional , and passionate.HOORAY FOR CLAY !
 I was rooting for Clay during the AI 's finale this last spring.He had truly showed and ability to transform , and learn -LRB- From Simon -RRB- which stood out from the rest . I saw alot of , wan na be `` Know it all 's '' on that show who you could just tell would n't make it . But Clay , He appeared to learn week by week what to do and what not to do . A true performer.The performance of `` This is the night '' blew me away . Not only to his vocals but the song itself . He made that ballad awesome . It 's a great song . Aldo Nova , who co-wrote it had to have been proud . It was awesome . I grew up in the era of 80 's glam rock and power ballads , and Clay has touched a little to those sounds . Do n't get me wronge this is a fresh album . From the first track to the last these tracks are well written . Already ca n't wait for the next album.Keep your class about you Clay . Do n't let the `` Hollywood '' type 's misguide you , stick to your guns . Your a true talent and an inspiration to those of us `` Normal people '' who 'll never be where your going as far as fame.Congratulations on an outstanding Debute !
 Clay Aiken is a true phenomenon . And he is the next big thing -LRB- it is already happening . Hello ? He 's hit triple platinum with this album `` Measure of a Man '' , and has sold the most singles so far in 2004 with `` The Way/Solitaire '' . He was # 1 seller in singles last year with `` This is the Night/Bridge Over Troubled Water '' -LRB- according to Billboard Charts -RRB- Clay Aiken is a true inspiration to so many people who have taken the time to listen to this CD , his interpretation of songs on Idol 2 , and who have learned how great a person he is -LRB- his personality is awesome . . ahh if you only knew ! -RRB- I have hoped and prayed for an artist like Clay to come out in the secular world . We needed an artist to shift the gears on the kind of music people come out with these days . A big change from all the CRAP on the top 40 -LRB- those drugs , sex , rock n ' roll . . -RRB- And believe me , I 've been a big huge fan of R&B ; , Rap and other kinds of music since I very little . We needed this change . Clay is THAT change.Clay 's voice is pure and very powerful . Every song on this album is fantastic . Everyday I listen to it and my heart , mind , and ears have grown to love every song more and more . The songs are so fun you ca n't help but sing along and be inspired.I 've been a fan since American Idol 2 and even voted for him several times till the end . Hey even though he came in 2nd place , I 've always known he would be more popular than Studdard and even Clarkson -LRB- it 's happening and you ca n't stop it -RRB- . He has more fans that either two . His audience is very broad . At the concert , I saw people of all ages and races . At first when I bought this album , I did n't really give myself time to listen to each song . I would only play `` This Is The Night '' because I loved how he sang it on AI2 . But ever since I saw him on the Independent tour with Clarkson just last March , I have grown to be a bigger fan of his music and him particularly . Yes , some of the songs on the CD do have religious themes -LRB- which is good ... because they uplift you and they inspire you . . `` I Will Carry You '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , `` Run To Me '' , `` Shine '' , even `` This Is The Night '' -RRB- And the other songs are sexy and fun and romantic ... like `` The Way '' , `` Touch '' , and Invincible '' . Others are sweet like `` When You Say You Love Me '' I love others to like `` Mo More Sad Songs '' , `` Perfect Day '' , `` I Survived You '' . Will the album win a Grammy -LRB- 2005 ? -RRB- . I bet it will . Will he win Best New Artist -LRB- Male -RRB- . Very possible !! What else can I say?If you have n't bought this CD , buy it ! And get the single `` The Way/Solitaire '' His version of Neil Sedaka 's `` Solitaire '' is close to perfection.Clay is one of the best new artists I 've ever heard!Also , thank you , Clay Aiken , for being such a great role model for people . . especially the youth !
 This CD is one of very few that I own that I listen to the entire CD . I enjoy each song on the album , and I find myself constantly singing along . I highly recommend this CD .
 O God , this Cd was so worth my money - even though i have both his singles and two copies of MOAM already ! The songs are addicting !
 What can I say , I have watched both versions of American Idol and Clay was probably the best performer in my opinion between both shows . Although I thoroughly enjoy listening to this CD , it is a tad disappointing in that it does n't allow Clay to showcase his showstopping voice . His rendition of bridge over troubled water gave me goosebumps . Nevertheless , I really do like this CD and believe it offers some good music . Invisible is good , and I will carry you and the way are also pretty solid . The rest of the tracks are decent and provide a decent variety of sound and lyric . This is a great CD seeing that it is Clay 's first and hopefully he will be able to improve on this and offer an even better second album .
 I love this CD ! I have n't heard a voice this great in a long time-in fact , I 'm not sure I 've ever heard a voice like his . I saw him perform at the Billboard Awards last night and was astounded at how good he is , even though I read today in the paper that he had the flu when he performed . My favorite song is The Way . It 's just beautiful and so romantic . Sing to me , Clay , I love hearing you !
 No wonder this man won an American Music Award , a Billboard Music Award , and his single and album went platinum and double platinum ! I bought this CD because I liked Invisible , because of Billboard saying it 's the best pop CD of 2003 , and because I figured he must be good if he won awards . I was so glad I bought it after I heard it ! What a great album ! It 's so nice to hear someone with a great voice singing material that 's not filled with the nonsense that is on so many CDs today . This is real music !
 I have heard some of Ruben 's CD -LRB- no plans on owning it -RRB- and Clay wins hands down . Clay is here to stay!I truely believe that his full length CD will certainly receive Grammy nominations when it is eligible next year . It is unfortunate that it missed the October 1 , 2002 to September 30 2003 time frame , but he has already proven to be the real deal in the music world .
 Oh my god !! this cd is great . . it has awesome lyrics , music , melodys , and tunes.whoever doesnt like this album is crazy!all the songs are spirtual lifting and they really touch ur heart!not to mention clay is so cute and has a great voice ... he is a good guy.if you dont like him u have to like this grat cd . . with beautiful songs!thank u clay ... for makin my day ... theres no mistakin , i luv aiken !
 This is a must-buy CD for everyone with good taste in music ! The best one I 've bought in years . His voice can be so soothing and powerful at the same time . This CD is full of emotion and I can really feel it . I love `` Run to Me '' a lot , I 'm always speechless everytime I hear it . Other songs are great and catchy as well . I ca n't wait for Clay 's next Christmas or any album . As for the review , I do n't care much about it , jaan whatever can quack however she wants , it is us , THE TRUE FANS , who will determine the success of MOAM .
 Now this is a young man with real talent.I love this cd . I saw the American idol christmas show and Clay was the star that shined over all the idols . . including Kelly Clarkson.When He sang Do n't save it all for Christmas and White Christmas I was in awe . . My memories of Andy Williams singing White Christmas came to mind . What a beautiful voice he has . Clay has a single comming out on the 16th of Dec. . Solitaire is on this single with invisible . He did such a beautiful job singing the short version of solitaire on the amer . idol show.This time he will be singing all of this song . Clay will be 25 this sunday the 30th . Happy Birthday Clay !! This CD . . Measure of a Man is without a doubt the best of 2003 . I ca n't wait to see what Clay does in 2004 . . Of course it will be the best of 2004 . Clay will not let us down . If you havent got this cd yet WHY ??
 It is a good CD although it does n't challenge Clay 's vocal ability as much as i thought that it would . The songs still get stuck in your head , make one fall in love with them .
 Glad I have the ability to type because I can barely speak , this album is so awesome ! The lyrics are genius , the music beautifully written and Clay has the voice of an angel !! I have devoured this album this past week , bought several for family and friends , and am on a cloud waiting for his next album !!
 Clay Aiken left a lasting impression on the music industry with his # 1 single `` This is the Night '' which outsold every other single released since 1997 's `` Candle in the Wind '' by Elton John . However the concept of being able to comfortably purchase and listen to 12 tracks of Clay Aiken was still in the air . Suprisingly , with the release of MEASURE OF A MAN , those wonders have been put to rest . Clay delivers exactly what one would expect , a CD chock full of great adult contemporary songs which always have a strong following . As long as people will be listening to acts such as Celine Dion , Phil Collins , and Elton John , there will be room for one Clay Aiken .
 Clay 's voice is effortless , true , and glides through each song like silk . He is being true to himself , and honoring his fans . Randy Jackson said it best ; it 's THAT VOICE . That 's all you need to know .
 This man 's voice is even better than I remember it from the show . Some of the material is a little trite , but Clay 's soaring voice and interpretation make it rise above the fray . Clay paints his lyrics for the listener - committing to every word . I really enjoyed the simplicity , albeit , Christian overtones of Measure of a Man , the confidence in Run to Me and for some reason , I ca n't get I Will Follow You out of my head . If this were the 80 's or 90 's , he 'd easily have 3 or 4 solid singles from this album . Sadly , non-melodic rap music has driven more soothing sounds from the radio . Let 's hoping some radio stations are willing to take a chance on Clay ...
 This CD is absolutely amazing . All the songs on it are great and it has been worth the wait . Congratulations to Clay for producing such a spectacular album . I enjoyed listening to every second ot it ! Love it !
 Wow ! The new album is incredible . There is not a bad song on it . Clay sounds better than ever .
 I could n't wait for this cd to be released and I was n't disappointed in the least . Each and every song will bring you to tears , they are that good . -LRB- Bear in mind that this is coming from a huge John Lennon fan - but one who has already seen Clay perform with the American Idols this summer -RRB- . Invisible is as good as it was on the tour - but my personal favorites are The Way -LRB- co-written by Enrique Inglesias -RRB- and Perfect Day . Both will give you chills . Love you Clay . You are a tremendous role model - continue to be the wonderful human being you truly are . A fan - Diane Casserly
 Clay 's voice helps me relax , I love to listen to him sing . I really enjoy the songs on this album and Clay 's execution is perfect , however , I do feel that more time could have gone in to the production of the album . Also , cut out some of the background vocals and let Clay 's voice really shine . I have been listening to this album in the mornings on my way to work . It is wonderfully uplifting and soothing . It is also perfect for the drive home , it helps me unwind from the stresses at work . I do n't normally buy cd 's and it is unusual for me to become so interested in a particular artist , but I have to admit that I am hooked on Clay . I hope this album is the first of many .
 THIS IS A GREAT CD . Clay has one of the best voices of our time ... not only is it perfect ... it has HEART ... CLAY ROCKs !
 For once , someone can really sing and his CD is fantastic . There 's even a song that sounds Beatleesque . I ca n't wait for his new CD . Thank God he 's not cookie cutter .
 I love this CD and highly recommend that everyone buy at least one as soon as possible , you will NOT be disappointed , although I have to tell you to listen AT LEAST 3 or 4 times to the recordings before making your decision , as I admit it took me several plays of it to fully appreciate and enjoy it as it was n't EXACTLY what I had expected , I ca n't stop playing it and have abandoned my other CD 's and artists , for now . He does remind you of Elton , George Michael and even Barry Manilow at times , BUT has phenomenal vocal power in his lyric tenor voice , such pitch and control that can blow those guys out of the ball park ! < ...
 I got the cd for Christmas . I have seen Clay on many shows and did n't know what to expect as far as 12 songs . He has an amazing voice that I hope and feel will take him far !
 Clay was my favorite male of the second Idol serious from the word go . I have looked forward to this CD forever and I was not let down !!! It is really good !!!
 I love clays cd but I am anxiously awaiting solitare I love the way he pours his heart and soul into this song . Suggestion please sell dvds of american Idol with clay and ruben , it would sell like hotcakes .
 CLAY IS THE BEST , I HAVE LIKED HIM SINCE THE BEGINNING OF IDOL , HE IS GENUINE AND A WONDERFUL SINGER ... LETS GET HIM TO DO A TOUR PEOPLE !!!! GREAT ALBUM , READY FOR THE NEXT !!
 I will never get tired of listening to Clay Aiken sing ... This is a fantastic CD ... I can not wait for his next CD !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I usually do n't spend my money on CD 's but this one was worth it . I have enjoyed listening to Clay Aiken since the moment I heard him on American Idol . His voice is absolutely amazing . The same can be said about his songs on this CD too . There is not one on the album that I do not like . I would definitely recommend this to my friends . I look forward to many more hits from Clay .
 I like this CD more all the time . The best song is `` Measure of a Man '' , so touching and beautiful . I also like `` The Way '' , and eagerly await the video of this . Clay 's voice is beautiful throughout the album , and he shows facets of his personality that I never knew were there . I appreciate the fact that 3very song is a new song , and that there are no `` covers '' like in Ruben 's debut -LRB- which I hated ! -RRB-
 I recieved Measure Of A Man as a Christmas present from my daughters friend ! I thought oh a cd , thank you . Well , later I put it in my cd player and I am like WOW !!! I ca n't believe this has been out for 2 months and I just now have it !!! I am so happy to hear such WONDERFUL songs from this young man Clay !!! I know it will be in my cd player for a very long time !! Thank you Clay so much for your wonderful voice !!!!!
 I knew we had a winner the first time I heard his voice in the auditions . This CD is amazing and I listen to it constantly . I just hope he has another listen to all year CD coming out soon .
 This album has to be one of the best albums , I have ever heard and owned . There is not one song that is boring to listen to . I love every song . This album shows that Clay doesnt need American Idol to become famous .
 All one has to do is listen to this CD once and you will realize that Clay Aiken was indeed the true winner of American Idol . Kelly Clarkson , Ruben Studdard and the rest have not been able to touch him !! The results speak for themselves . American Idol conspired to make him lose last year when in actuality , he won and I vowed never to watch AI again . I have kept that vow because no one ... . no one will ever come close to touching Clay Aiken as far as talent , humor , poise , confidence and above all a humanity which is second to none ! Bravo Clay ! You showed them all .
 Measure of A Man is a fabulous CD . Every song on it is great & Clay 's voice is pure magic . It is no wonder that this CD has gone triple platinum . I highly recommend the CD to anyone who fell in love with Clay 's unique voice on American Idol .
 This CD is a breath of fresh air . Clay has TALENT ... his voice is mesmerizing ! Measure of a Man is a classic ! You will also want to buy The Way/Solitaire CD Single ... it will give you chills !
 This is an amazing album . All `` Really Good '' songs . It is nice to be able to play a cd and not be afraid your children will hear the inapropriate music you hear so much of these days . I truly enjoy listening to all the cuts . His vocals are amazing and so clear . I highly recommend this CD .
 Clay Aiken has an amazing voice . This guy can really sang ! He is very versatile . He can belt out a ballad and get down with a country tune . He has such an amazing range . Invisible , Touch , and When You Say You Love Me will get you up . They have a great hook . Some surprising realness and angst hits you when you listen to No More Sad Songs and I Survived You . There are some weaknesses on the cd , such as Shine and I Will Carry You .
 ` Measure of A Man ' is an excellent album !!! The only thing I do n't like about it is that it only contains 12 tracks . =-LRB- Clay 's voice is GREAT and the album has a song that I 'm sure everybody would like . One track that had me pushing the repeat button on my CD player was ' I Will Carry You ' , all I can say is , what an incredible song ! Some other favorites of mine were ` Run to Me ' and ' I Survived You . ' '' If you have n't bought this album , go out and buy it right NOW , because it 's definitely worth the money you pay .
 It 's a rather interesting review ... ? Spiteful , not necessary . Everyone has an opinion ... and thank goodness for that . When I first played the CD I was a little disappointed because I was expecting a CD filled with songs like he sung on AI . But the more I listened to it , the more I liked it . Some of the songs do have similiar beats and intros ... but each song is different ... you have some songs which have an Elton John/Beatles flavor , there 's a little country , etc. . Several of the songs could be radio hits for Clay.I guess we will have to settle for a backhanded compliment.RCA did overproduce some of the songs , but I 'm completely happy with the end results ... this is a first CD , not many first time singers hit # 1 or even get in the top 20 , but he did.Mr . Aiken 's songs makes me smile , makes me happy and anytime a record can have that type of affect on me , I 'm keeping it . I , like several thousands of Americans who purchased this CD , are not looking for hard edges , or sexuality , or rap or experimental music or reproductions of the current music available . We , the silent miniority of music listeners -LRB- the ones the record industry forgot about -RRB- want just what Mr. Aikens is offering , a good song , a great voice , a singer who 's not bad on the eyes , and this Clay delivers ... thank you very much . I truely enjoy listening to this CD , it brings back a past I miss , it reminds me of mistakes made , it reminds me that I can help my fellow man . Clays CD is a feel good CD . People find it hard to believe that so many people like him and his CD , they do n't believe the reviews ... it 's really a shame.So thanks Amazon.com for the review , but next time have the individual reviewing it actually play it and listen .
 I am as absolutely thrilled with this CD as the rest of the Clay fans out there . Clay can sing anything he wants and I would still like it . I admit I would have liked to see a few more upbeat songs but I can honestly say that if Clay tours on this CD , I will be more than happy to go and listen to everyone of these songs ! It 's a beautiful CD , while mellow ; it still has to tapping power !
 I just got the cd today ... it is by far one of the best CD i 've bought in a while ... there are songs in this album for everyone ... A MUST HAVE ! ... And why was n't he THE AMERICAN IDOL ?!?!
 It is an excellent music . I am a grandmother now , but the moment I heard Clay Aiken 's voice , I became a fan immediately . I always play this music to make my grandson sleep . He like 's Clay Aiken 's song . I will surely buy another Clay Aiken 's CD . I love his voice .
 If you enjoy love songs sung by a beautiful , expressive voice , you will LOVE this CD . Clay 's voice is phenomenal . `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' are two of the most sensual songs I 've ever heard , and `` Run to Me '' is not far behind . I defy anyone not to be singing along with `` Invisible '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' after one listen . If I have any criticism at all , it 's that some of the songs are overproduced ; Clay 's voice does n't need it .
 I purchased this cd on the day it came out and I am still playing it constantly . What an awesome voice and how refreshing to be able to actually understand the words . Often when you buy a cd there is usually a song or two that you do n't really like . Not so with Measure of a Man - every song could be a hit single . In this era of trashy music filled with filthy language and presented in disgusting videos with so little actual talent , Clay is like a Breath of Fresh Air !
 I watched every episode of American Idol 2 , rooting for Clay all the way ! I was disappointed when he did n't get 1st , but I knew we had n't heard to last from Clay . This CD is The Best CD you will ever own . I ca n't decide which is my favorite , I love them all . His voice is powerful . He makes you enter his music as if you are experiencing it with him . You feel the love , heartbreak and joy . My 5yr old knows every word to `` Invisible '' and says he is going to grow up and be on tv and sing `` Clay '' . Thank you , Clay for bring soul and inspiration back to Music . I Love IT -LRB- and you -RRB-
 I could n't wait to buy Clay Aikens CD . It is the best cd that I have heard . The songs are wonderful.There is not one song that I do n't like . His voice is wonderful and soothing . I hope that he makes a new one soon .
 got the album when it debut and have been loving it ever since ... best song for me is I SURVIVED YOU which will become the anthem of anyone whose heart has been broken ... keep up the GREAT WORK CLAY ...
 This CD is honestly amazing ... I was never a huge fan of him on the show simply because I did n't really like his style of music . But this CD is nothing like his music on American Idol . The songs are so touching and his voice is amazing . All of them are awesome !! This is one of the best CDs I have bought in a long time , and not only is it great music but you are supporting an awesome cause by purchasing . You wo n't regret buying this CD ...
 Clay Aiken has a wonderful voice . The quality and pitch are outstanding . Every song is fantastic and worth listening to over and over again . You will not be disappointed and will be very glad that you purchased this CD . Clay shipped double platinum in one week . This CD is well worth the investment .
 Clay 's first album just says Clay all over it . I 'm glad he stuck to his ground and stayed with his own style . My personal favorite MEASURE OF A MAN is the best theme song for him , the lyrics
 I really enjoy listening to this CD . Measure of a Man and The Way are my favourites !
 This CD is my favorite ; I bought it shortly after it came out and have been listening to it ever since . I did n't watch much of American Idol season 2 , so I was n't a `` Claymate '' from the start , but this fabulous recording converted me . :-RRB- Clay 's voice is unbeatable and this CD is full of clean , inspiring songs that will touch your heart and lift your spirits . There 's a reason it 's already Triple Platinum !
 For a first album , this is very good . Aiken 's voice is clear with little interference from computerized vocals , which is great since he has such powerhouse vocals . The album is pop , but definitely not bubblegum . It has a good variety of songs ranging from the beautiful ballad `` Measure of a Man , '' the country-ish `` When You Say You Love Me , '' the upbeat `` Touch '' and `` Invisible , '' and other styles inbetween . All in all , it 's a great first album that I recommend for anyone .
 I can not say enough about Clay Aikens voice . He is definitely the male version of Celine Dion.Along with Clays amazing voice however , is his humble personality and his desire to help people -LRB- he set up the charitable Bubel/Aiken Foundation which helps people with autism -RRB- . What an amazing young man.Anyway , buy this cd . It is really good . Give it a couple of listens before deciding , because even though in the beginning some of the songs do sound similar , after further review you will see the songs are each unique.One other point ... . I will agree that the producers of the cd did an injustice to Clay by toning down his unbelievable voice . Hopefully on Clays next cd they -LRB- the producers -RRB- will let Clays voice shine the way it is supposed to.Oh , and after buying this cd , you should get Clays single that has Solitaire . It will blow you away!Happy listening ! : -RRB-
 Clay Aiken has such a great voice ! He sings so well . . It 's easy to see that this is what he should be doing . This is a great album , but some other ones are better . Still , this will be a favorite for many , many years to come . I 'm looking forward to anything Aiken for the next many , many years ! 1 . Invisible - Great song . Talks about wishing this girl would notice him . This is n't one of his better sounding songs though ; there are some that he does much better on . That aside , 8/102 . I Will Carry You - Amazing . Simply amazing . His voice sounds so good , the lyrics are great . This is a classic . 10/103 . The Way - This was his second single from this album . It 's great , and everyone knows it . 9/104 . When You Say You Love Me - One of my absoulte favs . Talks about his fears of a gril not loving him like she says . It 's so sweet . A quick song , lovely . 10/105 . No More Sad Songs - Talks about how he 's over a girl now , and he does n't want any more sad songs . Sweet and a little sad . How ironic is that ? But that 's just because of the key this song is in , not the words . 9/106 . Run To Me - Another one of my favs . He sings here about wanting this girl , but she 's heartbroken . He 's telling her to come to him as soon as she can . Very , very sweet . 10/107 . Shine - A great song . It 's just amazing , talking about how someone is going to shine in his/her life . 9/108 . I Survivied You - Once again , one of my favories . He says here about how he survivied this girl cheating and lying to him . Amazing , and his voice is so perfect with this one . 10/109 . This Is The Night - He sounds so good on this song . I played it again and again , so now I 'm a bit tired of it . Nevertheless , it 's a great song . 8/1010 . Perfect Day - Here he sings about how ` As long as you 're in my arms , it 's gon na be a perfect day . ' Super Sweet , and he sounds so good . But that 's a given .11 . Measure A Man - This one IS my favorite . He asks this girl what a guy has to do to ` Prove his love has worth . ' He sounds SO good . I 've played it again and again and again , and I never get tired of it . 10/1012 . Touch - Once again , a favorite . He sings about all he needs is a girls touch to make him happy . Along the same lines as Perfect Day . 10/10My only problem with this album is that at the beginning , many of the songs seem to be the same one . Once you get to know it , they are very obviously different , but at first , it does n't seem like that . While it 's a 5/5 album , it 's probably a 8.5 / 10 . Still , a classic that will ` Touch ' you forever.Oooh . That was a bad pun . Yikes . LOL
 Ruben may have won the title of `` American Idol '' but Clay seems to have run away with the success . His first album is a solid product with lots of goods songs , melodies and hooks and he delivers most with effortless ease . If he continues putting out albums of this quality , I think I can predict Clay will be around for a long time .
 I am a very big fan of Clay Aiken , and I look forward to seeing how he grows as an artist . It does feel a bit overproduced , but at the same time , I 'd buy a cd of Clay sing twinkle twinkle little star , just to hear his voice .
 This is a awesome CD from a `` A-list pop star ! Beautiful voice . You will want to pick up Solitaire CD also . All these negative post from people who never bought or listen to the CD are funny ! Makes you wonder why they are even here posting .
 WOW THIS CD REALLY ROCKS I guess music fan likes him after all .
 OMG ... if you do n't have Clay 's CD you MUST get it ! All of the songs are so beautiful and it shows off Clay 's voice perfectly . My personal favorite is Shine and Measure of a Man . -LRB- Also I would recommend that you get his new single with Solitaire :-RRB- -RRB-
 Just received my `` Measure of a Man '' CD by Clay Aiken . All I can say is WOW ! Clay 's voice is like no other ! This CD offers a nice mix of ballads and up-tempo songs that are all well suited for Clay ! He sounds like pure perfection ! This entertainer will be around for years to come !
 IF YOU HAVE N'T ALREADY BOUGHT THIS CD , YOU NEED TOO !!!!! Every song is so excellent and Clay 's talent is proved over and over . Beat that Ruben ! Also , The American Idol Holiday CD is awsome !!!
 I , being from North Carolina , am thrilled to see a great guy from my home state make it so big . Clay is an amazing talent who never ceases to amaze me with his voice . I have to admit , I was a little apprehensive about Clay 's upcoming release , but I love his CD and it is the perfect album for an up and coming singer . It shows off his range and wonderful voice . So go out and buy it TODAY !!
 This cd really showcased CLAY 'S voice . The sales records prove that Clay Aiken is the True American Idol .
 This young man has such class and conviction ! Finally a role model for all ages ! The talent Clay has been Blessed with has only begun to blossom ! I ca n't wait for his next CD and music video ! This CD is a must have ! It 's going platinum ! KD
 but this is so darn close that it 's scary.First off , there is something I would like to get out of the way
 This CD is the best I 've heard in a long time , it brings a new meaning to the words ` pop music ' . He 's a great artist and a great person , he deserves to be platinum . Overall the whole album is fantastic and I recommend it to everyone !
 This is the greatest album since `` Dizzy Up A Girl '' by Goo Goo Dolls . Clay is so natural at singing , it 's like he sings like we breathe ! Also , people who leave bad reviews , were n't really Clay fans to begining with , because anything Clay sings is wonderful !
 This CD is absolutley excellent . I adore Clay and I do n't know of any other singers with such a pure , and REAL voice . I just hate how singers today are for image . Clay 's not about image at all , even though his has improved ! Anyway , my favorite songs are The Way , I Survived You , and Measure of a Man . The Way is SO romantic , it 's perfect , he sings it beautifully . Then I think that I Survived You is about how his biological father abused him when he was a child . It was obviously very sad , but it made me think . Then Measure of a Man was very good too . I definitley suggest you buy it !
 Clay Aiken is the best singer ever.His voice is so amazing , and heis so sweet.This is a real 5 star album.You will love the songsso much .
 I 've been hesitant to buy this CD , but I 'm glad I did . I admired Clay even when he looked so geeky on AI-2 . He really has a great voice and I 'm glad he stuck to his roots on this CD . Clay is n't a pop idol , and he does n't try to be . But , he definitely has his audience - adult contemporary . Perfect for listening during the work day or sitting in traffic at the end of the work day . The songs are soothing and I like every track , but of course I have my favorites . So for all the naysayers who were expecting more , if you ca n't appreciate this genre of music , you 'll be sorely disappointed , so stop hating on the guy . At least he remained true to his heart .
 This album is so perfectly done ! Solid mid-tempo power ballads and that one uptempo last song `` Touch '' , which does sound funky . It does have that late - '80s feel , reminiscent of what Michael Bolton was doing during his reign of hits . Clay makes you feel every word , every lyric , as if he 's gone through those situations with his loved one . `` Invisible '' has that Bon Jovi feel with the loud , bombastic guitars . Would have sounded good in 1986 too . And `` The Way '' sounds so beautiful with its gorgeous landscapes . Liked the title song , the country-flavored `` When You Say You Love Me '' , `` Run To Me '' , `` Shine '' , `` Perfect Day '' , the Whitesnake sounding `` I Will Carry You '' and others . This is a star right now and he is just selling like crazy with this album ! Hope that the next album is just as exciting as this one !
 The is a awesome CD by a A-list Pop Star . Beautiful voice . You 'll want to pick up the Solitaire CD also . All these negative reviews by people who have never heard the CD are really funny . Makes you wonder why they are even posting a review here .
 Some of the reviewers on here just need to go to one of Mr. Aiken 's concerts to see how he interprets the lyrics/music from this CD . It is 100 times better than the over-production of this album.Clay LIVE is the best way to hear that voice.Don ' t get me wrong , I LOVE this album because it is by Clay Aiken . Anything by him will sound good because of his voice . I do n't care if he sings old songs or new songs , his voice is why every song he sings , he makes it his own.So , before you downgrade him just because of this one album , go see him LIVE , listen to his Christmas CD - `` Merry Christmas With Love , and buy his new CD when it comes out soon . You wo n't regret it.He also had some Demo CDs before he was on American Idol . Those are all covers and he makes them each his own . -LRB- My Girl , She Said Yes , Go The Distance , Dreamlover , Unchained Melody , etc. -RRB- I say go ahead and buy Measure of a Man if you have n't already done so , then go to his concerts to hear him sing it LIVE . You will be amazed !! Update 7/14/06I agree with some of the recent comments that Clay 's voice is beyond a 10 . The album , Measure of a Man -LRB- MOAM -RRB- , grows on you . I was n't sure at first if I liked it . The songs sounded a little different than what he sang on American Idol . But I grew to love ALL of them , especially the title track , Invisible , and Touch -LRB- which he never sang live in his concerts-don ' t know whether he had issues with the producers/writers/or the suggestive lyrics -RRB- . Looking forward to more from Clay.I would like to see `` Do n't Let The Sun Go Down On Me '' on his next album . I hear it will be love song covers and some originals . I 'm looking forward VERY MUCH for his next album . It has 4 words in the title , but do n't know the name of it yet as well as when it will be released . Rumors say Sept. 19th . A single should be here soon.I think this next album will sell just as many or more than the 612,859 copies he sold of MOAM the first week.With his new hairstyle and -LRB- rumored -RRB- more rockin ' songs , there should be some `` shock and awe '' when the album comes out . Just wait and see !
 Clay has an amazing voice . All the songs on this CD are incredible , but my favourites are Measure of a man and the Way .
 1st off , i 've loved Clay Aiken & his amazingly outstanding voice ever since he started off on American Idol ... had to get that out first , ... But his career still continues to grow every day ! And i 'm glad because his vocal ability is outstanding ! He is one of the most amazing male singers out there ! Not just anyone can hit those extreme notes like Clay can !!! :D ~ Buy the CD , it 's worth it !! ~ ** ~ Heather , Rochester , NY ~ **
 Clay is an amazing talent . This has rapidly become my favorite CD . I listen to it over and over when I am traveling , which is all the time . If you enjoy listening to inspirational songs by a pure and wonderfully gifted young artist , this is the CD for you ! Enjoy .
 After hearing Clay Aiken singing Solitiare on American Idol 3 , on March 17 , 2004 , I just had to hear more of him . The next day I purchased his CD Measure of A Man . I was not , and I repeat was not disappointed . What a fantasice CD . A great mix of new songs written just for Clay to record on this CD . He sings each song perfectly and has a fantastic range with his wonderful voice . Unlike many artist today , Mr. Aiken sings the lyrics so that you understand every word he sings . He delivers each song with great passion and makes you feel every note and word he sings . It 's no wonder this CD has gone triple platinum in justfive months . Everyone should own this CD . Go out and buy yours today so that you can be entertained as much as I have been .
 What can be said after there are close to 3,000 reviews ... ??? This is a wonderful CD-the best that I have . I will continue listening to Mr. Aiken . The songs catch you and keep you listening . I love `` The Way '' and can not wait for the release . -LRB- of course that could change with which song is to be released -RRB- I am thrilled to have an entertainer that is so great to listen to and I do not have to fear what is going to be said . God Bless Mr. Aiken ... keep it up !!!
 Outstanding CD with multiple hits on it . Clay has definitely raised the bar for cd quality . I love every single song , there are absolutely no fillers like you hear on most other artsts cds where you buy it to heaar 1 or 2 songs . Clays cd is great ALL THE WAY THROUGH !!! Huge , huge hit !!!
 This is a great debut CD . Has a little something for everyone and Clay 's awesome voice shines throughout . Some thoughts on each track : INVISIBLE
 This album is just wonderful . Each song is a winner . The more I listen to it the better it gets .
 All of the songs are super . My favorites are `` The Way '' and `` measure of a man '' . After listening to this CD over and over , I want more music from Clay .
 I just bought Clay 's album , Measure of a Man . The more I listen to it the more I love it . I have read some of the reviews that have been written about it , and I think that those with a negative view must be into the gansta rap type junk that 's out there . This is a beautiful CD . Clay does a great job on this CD with the arrangements he was given to sing . My one criticism regarding it is not with Clay , but with the song writers . I do n't think this CD allows Clay to use his magnificent voice to its full range and capability . But for a first CD , I think its great .
 What a great CD - wonderful mix of some upbeat songs and some ballads . I find myself dancing in my chair at work . I 'd like to hear clay 's voice pure in more of the songs but ... supposedly thats not what the buying public wants . Clay could perform ANYWHERE -LRB- broadway , concert hall or on street corner -RRB- and he 'd still blow me away with his talent . GREAT CD !
 What a great cd ! It 's like a breath of fresh air in this over - synthesized , under-talented era of music . That Voice !! It is both powerful and dreamy . What a welcome change to have a gorgeous voice carry the song instead of some outrageous , and usually idiotic , lyrics . I could listen to this cd a million times . Way to go , Clay !
 It is very refreshing to hear true talent from a man who can actually sing , and who is NOT a result of the cookie-cutter-pretty-boy music factories.I have found this cd to be very enjoyable to listen to . The songs really compliment Clay 's voice and style . I have found that there are four songs that really stand out for me
 Clay has one of the best voices I have ever heard . He puts emotion and thought into every song on this CD . Every song is exceptional and different in it 's own way . You could listen to this CD non-stop for hours and never tire of it ... Here 's to Clay 's long , prosperous career , ...
 Ok I have been waiting for this cd for months , and it was well worth the wait . It is nice to hear MUSIC for a change . It is a pure collection of songs from the first to the last . I have to say that it went beyond what I thought the cd was going to be . I was scared that they were going to try and change Clay into what Simon wanted him to be with all those bells and whistles !! It is nice to hear a voice that comes from somewhere deep inside and is not genarated in some studio . I can not recommend Measure of a Man more . I do n't care if your 12 or 112 you will fall in love with Clay 's voice and passion all over again .
 Clay Aikens debut cd is beyond outstanding . Each and every song you can feel him sing , as if he was singing to you . He is 100 % talented even more so then i a true clay fan even though . The songs Perfect day and Measure of a Man combine true vocal talent and true writing talent to make perfection . There is not a single song on the cd that is skip worthy . It is amazing and Clay truly proved even though he might not be made for stardom he is talented and i would listen to him sing the alphabet because he is amazing !
 I love Clay 's voice , really I do . That 's actully why I chose to give this cd 4 stars . The songs are good , one or two might even be great , but not all of them really reach the full potential of Clay 's singing . All in all , it 's a very good first album and I ca n't wait for more !
 As AI watchers know , Clay can sing anything . But his best performances -LRB- Solitare -RRB- were the ones where instrmentation was sparse and his voice , the star . Clay 's at his best here on tracks -LRB- Touch , When You Say , MOAM , Perfect Day -RRB- where his voice carries the day ; at worst -LRB- Run to Me -RRB- when the beat , music overpower the song -LRB- smaltzy over-processed pop -RRB- . He deserves better than adult contemporary songs which try to dress him up as the new Micheal Bolton . On future outings , hopefully the label will let Clay experiment with more diverse songwriters and styles -LRB- maybe even something accapella , RCA ? -RRB- that allow more of the power , range , and phrasing that makes Clay 's voice special to shine through more . I do , however , love `` The Way '' ! RCA has a witty , personable star with a VOICE on its hands . Do n't let Clay/his voice get lost in the glitzy world of over-stylized pop .
 I absoulutely loved this album . The songs were refreshingly classic and inspirational . It seems as though everyone else in my neighbohood likes this young artist also . It has already sold out at many stores and is the talk of the town citizens , both young and old . I especially liked the song `` Invisible '' . I would strongly suggest this album to anyone , young , or old .
 I watched Clay compete on American Idol from the very first audition . His voice caught my attention instantly and I was not surprised to see him finish a close second . Though I was happily looking forward to hearing Clay 's debut album , I was surprised as just how powerful the cd really is . I have rarely found an artist with whom I could honestly say I loved every single track of their first cd . Absolutely terrific .
 Clay 's CD is just as awesome as I knew it would be . He made me tear up when he was on AI and now he is doing it with his wonderful , very touching music on this CD . I ca n't wait until he makes some more CD 's for all of his fans like me who simply LOVE him !!!! He is truly a SUPERSTAR !!!!!!
 Great album . You will love it . All songs on this album are winners .
 Clay Aiken and his album ` Measure of a Man ' truly , as the words of ` This is the Night ' go -- `` Lifts me up '' , each song could be a # 1 hit . It is so great to get a full measure of Clay 's wonderful voice and to be able to understand the beautiful lyrics of every song he sings . It is refreshing to hear music as it was meant to be . His appeal spans all generations . This album is just the beginning . Clay Aiken will go down in music history as the Measure of a Man who Saved the Music for us all .
 I rooted for Clay , really I did , but when I picked this album up I was shocked-in a bad way . His voice soars above most others , but they have him singing songs that DO NOT suit his voice style . He has a Josh or Michael voice ; they gave him poppy songs -LRB- not a good idea -RRB- . I hope his next album will better suit him as an artist .
 As a fan of the American Idol franchise , I can say that this CD does not measure up to Clay 's voice . I listen to Kelly Clarkson 's CD `` Thankful '' and I see a CD that had some effort put into it . However , because Clay and Kelly are separate artists , their styles are different . Clay 's voice had `` soul '' during his performances on AI 2 , but on his CD `` Measure of a Man '' , I hear no feeling put into it . Songs like `` Invisible '' , `` I Survived You '' and `` Measure of a Man '' are the best songs on the album . Clay , here is some words of advice , on your next album , dont follow what the music company wants you to do . You can sing very good and do n't need to be poppy .
 This CD rocks my world , and it will rock your world too ! Clay 's voice is so amazing ; it has so much power and emotion . Clay 's singing gives me chills . I think the songs are fabulous and convey meaningful messages and are well written . The `` Measure Of A Man '' import CD is my favorite import CD !
 What is there to say except that voice is just beautiful !! Great CD , you wo n't be disappointed !! And his single of `` Solitaire '' takes your breath away ! The voice is amazing !!
 I have this cd since it 's release in October of 2003 . I was n't surprised that it 's quality , in my opinion was only mediocre . I expected that from all the American Idols that were going to record.Loving Clay 's voice from the start , I felt a little disappointed in the cd . He is truly capable of so much more . However , as time moves on , I am finding that his voice is still hypnotic and pure on this cd and it has grabbed my heart . I was hoping for more dramatic vocals , but in contemporary music , this display of his voice is really top notch.I am happy to say that Measure of a Man has become one of my favorite cd 's ! I ca n't wait for his next cd , which I am sure will spotlight his talent in again , a very different way . Bravo Clay ... your cd is just great !
 If Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man is any indication of what we can expect from him in future , he 's got a long and stellar career ahead ! While the production leaves something to be desired -LRB- RCA , please take a clue , and do n't overproduce his next one - his voice does n't need it -RRB- and he has n't as yet developed his ` own ' style and singing personality , his voice literally sparkles and is the WOW-factor that catapults some fairly ordinary material into the high-calibre category.He also proves with this album that he can handle bouncy upbeat numbers and even hints at good ol' Rock and Roll - this is n't all ` showtunes ' or ballads by any means . Several undisputably excellent songs on the album , and not one actual dud in the bunch -LRB- no need for the ` skip ' button -RRB- ; this debut CD is a definite `` yes '' to buy !
 This is the best CD ever !!! Clay is so gifted !!! I never get tired of any of these songs !! It 's impossible to skip one song !!! My favorite songs are Invisible , Run To Me , Perfect Day , and Measure Of A Man !!! Any one who does not own this CD needs to get it !!!
 While I am not a die-hard fan of Clay Aiken or American Idol or any of that , I decided to give this CD a listen after seeing his new video on MTV . I was really surprised at the voice coming out of that young man ! His CD is very polished sounding , but I really like the beat of `` Invisible '' . `` I Will Carry You '' is very positive song and I smile when I hear `` When You Say You Love Me '' . The rest of the CD is not groundbreaking , but still worth a listen because of Clay 's very smooth , powerful delivery . Thanks
 This guy is the real deal . I expected this CD to be great and Clay did n't let anyone down . He 'll be around for a long time . I hope to see him write or collaberate with other writers on his future projects.I think both Clay & Ruben have dealt with whatever controversy there has been with class and respect for one another , I just wish their fans would follow suit . The reality of the situation is ... they both won . At this point , who came in first really does n't matter .
 ITS ABOUT TIME !! SOMEONE WHO CAN REALLY SING.CLAY DOES N'T HAVE TO CURSE OR SING LYRICS THAT TALK OF SEX , DRUGS OR INFIDELTY TO SELL RECORDS.CLAY AIKEN IS A GENTLEMAN WITH REAL TALENT . CLAY 'S CD IS GREAT . IF I 'M NOT PLAYING HIS CD . . I 'M SINGING THE SONGS IN MY HEAD.WHEN ALL THE SONGS HAVE PLAYED I 'M STILL WANTING TO HERE MORE.CLAYS VOICE IS AWESOME . I BELIEVE HE WILL BE AROUND FOR A LONG TIME . ABOUT THE GRAMMYS . RUBEN STUDDARD IS UP FOR R&B . MY QUESTION IS ... SUPERSTAR AND FLYING WITHOUT WINGS IS R&B ???? CLAY 'S SINGLE WILL BE OUT DEC. 16TH I 'M LOOKING FORWARD TO HEARING IT.CLAY WILL BE SINGING NEILS HIT SONG SOLITAIRE AS WELL AS INVISIBLE.IF YOU ORDER IT FROM AMAZON YOU 'LL GET CLAYS VIDEO SINGING INVSIBLE . THAT IS A MUST BY . CLAY AIKEN WILL ALWAYS STAND OUT IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY BECAUSE HE HAS REAL TALENT . THAT HAS BEEN AWOL . I HEAR A LOT OF TALK ABOUT CLAYMATES ???? IM A FAN OF CLAYS AND ALWAYS ILL BE.A CLAYMATE ?? WELL ... . IF BEING A FAN OF CLAY AIKEN 'S MAKES ME A CLAYMATE I 'M OK WITH THAT . I 'M A 45YEAR OLD MAN . . MARRIED AND 3 CHILDREN ALL OF US INJOY CLAYS CD .
 A co-worker kept saying how great this CD was and how great Clay 's voice was and that I would not regret buying this one , and she was so right . What a talent this young man is ! I just ca n't listen to it enough . . Although its hard to pick a favorite out of all the awesome songs , I would have to say track # 10 `` Perfect Day '' is my favorite . But you will find yourself singing along with all of them . Great job on a debut CD . Clay Aiken 's voice is phenomenal , and he is what today 's music needs .
 Clay is the new-age Frank Sinatra . I have listened to nothing else since I got the CD on 10/14 . Clay is an amazing singer who appeals to many different age groups . In my home alone , we are 3 people ... 13 , 40 , 74 . I do n't have a favorite song as they all showcase Clay 's talent . This album is well worth the money .
 I LOVE THIS CD ! . A few songs . . I admit I do not like . . but for every bad song there is 2 good ones right ?! ... Invisible-4 / 5I will carry you-3 / 5The Way-4 / 5When you say you love me-1 / 5No More Sad Songs-4 / 5Run to Me-2 / 5Shine-2 / 5I survived you-4 .5 / 5This is the night-4 / 5Perfect Day-5 / 5MEASURE OF A MAN-20000000000 / 5 . . THE BEST SONG ON THE CDTouch-2 / 5
 This CD is unbelievable , and it saved my daughter 's life ! One day she started choking on a piece of candy . I immediately put on Clay Aiken 's CD . She started vomiting profusely , dislodging the candy from her throat ! Thank you , Clay ! This CD will always have a place in my house-right next to the First Aid kit !
 His singing is ok , and the songs are not my style , but the four stars are for his looks , oowww !!!
 I was a fan of American Idol and was anxiously awaiting this cd . I have 3 copies and ca n't stop listening to it . Clay has a wonderful amazing singing voice and his songs are just the same . This is a must have .
 This CD is pretty good !! I really like `` Invisible '' and '' I Will Carry You '' . I wish he 'd do a Broadway or 60 's CD !!!!! Love ya lay !!!!
 Merry Christmas and all that !! I have decided to PAY IT FORWARD !!! and give everyone I know `` Measure of a Man '' for the hoildays . What better way to pass on the joy of listening to and becoming emmersed in the awesome sound of Clay Aiken !!!! I feel it is one small thing I can do for mankind -- I suggest we all do the same !!! Happy Listening !!!
 Ok , I have read some of the reviews , and frankly I am shocked . Most of them have nothing to do with the CD itself , but instead are focused on who did or did not win American Idol . Why does that matter ? Just because Ruben won the title does n't mean that Clay 's cd is n't awesome . And vice versa ... just because Ruben won does n't mean HIS cd WILL be awesome . American Idol does n't make or break you . If you come in second it does n't necessarily mean you lose . RJ Helton from season one has a record contract . Am I missing something ? He did n't come close to winning . Tamyra , Justin , Kimberly Locke ... they all have cd 's that are either on their way , or already here . Did they `` win '' ? No , they did n't . Does that mean their cd 's are garbage ? Absolutely not . It 's simply a matter of opinion . Let the Clay fans have theirs . Let the Ruben fans have theirs . But winning the title of `` American Idol '' does nothing but give the performer bragging rights . It does n't guarantee a successful album , just as placing second does n't assure a lousy album.That said I absolutely LOVED the cd . Clay 's voice is pure ... absolutely outstanding , and without a glitch . The instruments are a tad overdone , but that is what makes Clay so amazing . Most voices would get lost in all the accompaniment . He does n't . I do n't skip a single track on this cd , and I can not say that about any other album I own . It is truly worth the money , and much more in fact . It lifts my spirits to listen to such a pure , clean talent such as Clay Aiken , and I 'm sure it will lifts yours too .
 I though this cd was n't bad for a first one . I would too like to hear more of his voice , but it seems that no matter what songs he sings , it can melt you heart . I do n't have any kids of my own , but this is the type of cd that anyone at any age can listen to without having to worry about the ratings . Good job . He will just get better and better with more experience.Oh and for those of you who are looking forward to Ruben 's cd , I heard rumors about it that I 'm not sure are true , but many of you might be dissapointed in that one too . I heard it was going to be alot of hip hop type songs and not the soul songs that everyone is expecting . I hope this is not true , but if the cd is anything like the song he sang at the concert , it will definately be more hip hop .
 This ccd is the BEST cd in the year 2003 ! I encourage everyone to go and buy it RIGHT NOW !!!!!!! I have loved clay sense the very beginning , but that has nothing to do with how much I LOVE this album !!! Clay is the most gorgeous , polite person I know about . He melts my throbbing heart and his voice is overwhelming ! I have never left my house without his cd in my purse or pocket or something . It is THE BEST , I GAURANTEE IT !!!!
 This is my third review and I promise my last . But after reading several revies stating that Clay 's voice was different on the CD than the AI series , I listened to some of the songs from AI I had downloaded , and I think they are right in some ways . His voice was strong and he belted out the endings . He did n't have the background music that keeps us from hearing his beautiful voice . But I think Clay did n't have an option . Clay did n't want to compromise his values so instead of changing the music , he canged some of the words . He insisted on having no vulgar words or songs about sex.I still love the CD , because his voice is so lovely . Several people have stated he could sing Nursery Rhymes or the phonebook and I agree . I love the words in these songs and I feel the emotion in his voice . Hopefully on his next CD , he will have more input on the style and music and can do a few of the songs from AI , such as Solitare and Unchained Melody , but it would also be nice to hear some songs he writes . He has to have some original stuff or people wo n't buy the CD.I still give This CD 5 stars , and I will continue to listen to it over and over . I have listened to it so many times I know every word and can sing along with each song .
 I call this an honest review because I think many of the professional reviews have been unfair and have been used as an opportunity to personally attack Clay.MOAM is not a great album but a good one . The truth is Clay 's voice can make average songs sound like masterpieces . My favorites originally were I Will Carry You and Run to Me but now I really like every song . Yes , some of the lyrics are a little cheesy . When You Say You Love Me is kind of cheesy but catchy . Like many have stated , the main problem is the overproduction . Some of the backround vocals and orchestra type music are distracting and a little annoying.Clay definitely has a shot at having a lengthy career but his next album will definitely need to be a departure from this one . I think MOAM was really made for the AI fans but others are embracing it . The next album will need to show more -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- `` edge '' . I would definitely like to hear more uptempo songs on his next album . With the right song I think Clay could really give Bono a run for his money . They can both belt the heck out of any song . And this is is my honest review .
 Like many of you , I have listened to this CD over and over . But I do n't sing along , which I usually love to do when I 'm listening to other artists . But I do n't want to miss his beautiful voice , the emotion in his voice , and the feeling his ` songs give me.To the people who have been bashing Clay over and over , if you do n't like him , find something better to do . Why are you wasting your time here ? I am tired of hearing people saying he 's only for teens , soccer moms , and old ladies . Although I do n't think that 's true , what 's wrong with that ? We deserve to have music we like while you are listening to songs about sex and violence . I have 2 teenagers and I hear one of them listening to music that sounds like someone is drilling into your head and the other one to rap that has words no teenager should be listening to . Luckily the second one also likes Clay , so I am thrilled to know that she is listening to him and maybe his words will make more of an impression than someone who ca n't sing and leaves nothing to the imagination.Beleive it or not , although I am 52 , I have listened to all types of music . In fact , I have attended concerts of the Rolling Stones -LRB- 3 TIMES -RRB- , The Greatful Dead , Yes , The Almond Brothers , Rod Stewart , Alice Cooper , AND MANY MORE . So it 's not as though I only listen to Broadway Muscicals and ballads , but Clay touches a place in my heart that few vocalists do today . I can feel his emotions , and as someone else said , I feel like he 's singing to me . It makes me want to fall in love again . I could continue writing about Clay for hours , but I think I 've made my point.So , if you do n't like Clay , that OK . Go listen to someone you do like and let the people who truly appreciate good lyrics and a beautiful voice , have their day . Hopefully we will have many more with lots of CD 's by Clay .
 I have n't bought a CD in years . After hearing Clay Aiken sing several songs from this album on TV , my interest got the best of me . I thoroughly enjoyed listening to all 12 songs . Perhaps the record industry is turning it around and is beginning to understand that the public is really disgruntled with what they -LRB- dj 's and music companies -RRB- consider to be `` music '' . Granted , I am older than the average music listener , but if this is a sample of Clay Aiken 's vocal talents , he has a fan for a lifetime in me . So if you are of the older generation , buy this album . This young man is certainly an artist that will be here to entertain us for a long , long time .
 Clay Aiken did an awesome job with this new CD ! I love the fact that i do n't have to be worried over swear words or questionable lyrics . I also want to commend Clay for standing up for what he wants HIS image to be instead of cowering to the pressure to be just another `` trashy singer . '' Good Job Clay !!
 The cd is good but on only half the songs could I find Clays voice . He is lost in all the noise around him . I would n't be able to tell it was a Clay song on the radio . They lost the natural beauty of his voice by making it to polished .
 Clay Aiken 's cd is everything I want from a pop album . From the title track `` Measure Of A Man '' to the final cut `` Touch '' , this cd is fabulous . Clay 's voice is stellar on this album , allowing him to adapt to the slightest nuances in every song he sings . From beautiful ballads to catchy midtempos , `` Measure Of A Man '' is a must have for pop fans everywhere .
 Clay Aiken may have come in second on American Idol , but he 's deservedly achieving the most success of all the contestants on the second season of the show . His voice is amazing , and he raises all the songs on `` Measure of a Man '' to a much higher level than they would have been with almost any other singer . Standouts on the album include the title track , plus `` I Survived You , '' `` Perfect Day , '' and `` The Way . '' His voice soars , and so does his brilliant career . I ca n't wait for his second album .
 Who was it that said , ` writing about music is like dancing about architecture ? ' I ca n't remember . I remember the quote though . Which makes a perfect point about how difficult it really is to write a fair , unbiased review of a piece of music . There are things about Clay 's first CD that I wish were different . But those are details . At the end of the day , after many plays , those things do n't really matter so much ; what matters is that my face hurts from smiling and my heart is full of joy . Why ? Because I like good pop music sung by a pure , warm voice ; and because I appreciate Clay as a person as well as an artist.Music is subjective ; the very thing that one may love about a song could be the very thing another finds objectionable . First of all , I am not a ` critic , ' merely a simple ` fan . ` Almost exactly a year ago , Clay Aiken was a college student in NC , getting ready to enter the world of special education and teaching . Today , he is being put up on a pedestal as the potential savior of the struggling music industry . Oh my goodness ! -LRB- tmClay -RRB- It 's not realistic to think that Clay 's success could ` save ' the music industry . A much talked about article in TIME magazine even made reference to this idea . Pressure , anyone?Even if it were possible , it 's not going to happen because of the very semantics of what this CD is all about . It 's not possible for Clay to stretch and grow and exhibit change and take risks on this CD . RCA , Clive Davis and most likely Clay himself did n't want to stray too far from the formula that earned Clay first runner up status on American Idol . After all , approximately twenty four million votes were cast in the show finale . I was only able to log four votes personally , so either someone was spamming the phone lines or lots and lots of people voted a few times each . I vote for B.What the CD does n't have is more telling than what 's there . There are no covers of American Idol songs , no ` classic ' love songs , no honey dipped ballads and no sex drenched lyrics on this CD . I did n't expect these things , but if you did you will be disappointed.There are a couple of radio friendly , danceable chart climbers . Invisible , the first single , was performed with great success on the concert tour this summer . Of course that may have had something to do with a few certain ` dance ' moves moreso than the song itself , but I digress . I 'd also like to go on record as saying I do n't think the lyrics are ` creepy . ' You want creepy lyrics , turn on Top 40 radio . You know what I 'm talking about!When You Say You Love Me , a bouncy song with some country crossover potential , is a fun song with a driving drum line and ringing acoustic guitars . There are also a couple of 80s inspired power ballads . No More Sad Songs is vaguely reminiscent of Foreigner or even an angsty Elton John . Speaking of angst , I Survived You is a ` hold up your cigarette lighter ' sounding kind of anthem I remember from my first concerts back in the day . No , I 'm not saying what year that was!There are songs on the CD that evoke the kind of positive messages Clay is becoming known for . I Will Carry You has a Kansas -LRB- or was it Toto ? -RRB- vibe , even though the keyboards sound a bit crunchy at the beginning ; and Run to Me , with it 's wonderful surprising bridge , enables Clay to use his soaring vocal prowess to it 's best advantage while causing hearts to swell all over the country . These are feel good songs , and what 's so bad about that?The Way was not my favorite song when I heard it on the CD . It was a lovely little love song , with lovely lyrics , full of love . Nice . But after seeing Clay perform it live on Good Morning America , it 's moved on up the list for me . Now it 's become a song full of yearning and passion . It 's obvious this man was born to perform live . He can take a song of just about any ilk and make it something you would fly across the country to see live . Oh , lots of people did that ? See?Which brings me to Touch , kind of a sensual song for Clay . He did n't discuss it much in his conversation with Fred Bronson of Billboard . Which makes me even more intrigued by it . Is it about love ? Lust ? Sex ? Slow dancing ? Yeah , that 's it . This one ? I ca n't wait to hear live . Gulp . Recording in the studio is fine ; but even at this early juncture , I am so looking forward to the first ` Clay Aiken Live ! ' CD . Who do we have to write to get this?Now for my current favorites . I love Perfect Day and Shine , a couple of big , power pop songs with catchy Beatlesque sounding choruses and a big shout out again to the late 80s , early 90s pure pop stylings of Michael Penn and World Party 's Karl Wallinger . Remember Matthew Sweet ? Ah , those were the days when pop music was fun , hip and friendly . Jangle up those guitars a little bit and it 's a beautiful flashback to a simpler time when people were more into being cool than being ` hott ' and more into having fun than having sex . At least in my world ; maybe in yours too.The CD is called Measure of a Man , a song and a title that Clay reportedly had to fight for . Why ? It 's just a title , not the cure for cancer . Clay has said that he chooses his battles ; I 'm glad he won this one , because the message in the song means a lot to him personally . It 's a song with a powerful message . This is very clearly a CD for people who are already fans of Clay Aiken . Whether or not it will convert new fans remains to be seen . I have a feeling it might.Whatever happened to peace , love and understanding ? Why they 're right here in this CD ! I like it .
 The songs on this CD are a beautiful vehicle for Clay 's voice ! They are all easy to listen to over and over and over again . Clay will stay on top with this release ! Invisible , The Way , I Will Carry You ... from start to finish a wonderful album .
 This is a great CD . The song TOUCH ... WOW WOW WOW !!! I hope its his next single . His voice is so sexy . Way to go Clay . This is a GREAT CD .
 clay aiken 's new album might not appeal to everyone but it will surely appeal to those looking for a crisp , tight pop alternative to the pervasive environment of hip hop -LRB- which i also happen to like -RRB- today . to listen to this cd , put aside your american idol memories of `` at this moment '' and `` somewhere out there '' and instead think power ballad and '80s rock/pop . the big surprise was how much a couple of the songs remind me of the beatles circa sgt. pepper days . . listen to the musical arrangement of `` shine '' and `` perfect day . '' `` touch '' is a light dancy tune with a bit of a latin beat - i can easily hear a club remix coming . in fact , i have money riding on it in a bet with a friend . and for those who are disappointed that `` solitaire '' is not on the album , i think that the title track , `` measure of a man '' will ease your mind . this is an album you will want to sing along to , in your car , driving down the freeway on a sunny day . better keep your windows up if you 're easily embarrassed , because you 're sure to find yourself singing along . there 's a song for every mood , and crossover potential as well . i can also hear `` when you say you love me '' on country and pop stations . i can hear `` measure of a man '' and `` i will carry you '' on AC and other radio formats . and basically , wherever these songs are playing , i 'll be listening . congratulations on a great debut album , clay !
 I really like it . The first time I heard him sing on American Idol , I fell in love . There is a quality to his voice that I for one have n't heard in a very long time . I 'm not sure about his future as a pop musician , but I for one am so glad he made this album . Tracks like Invisible , I Will Carry You , The Way , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , and This is the Night all make this album a must have for my collection . I ca n't say I love all the songs on the CD or on most of the cd 's in my collection . I give it a 4 star rating because there is always room for improvement . With this being his first time out , I say it is a wonderful display of things to come . Maybe with his next CD , -LRB- and I for one REALLY hope there is another CD in Clay 's future -RRB- he can bare more of his soul and the songwriter 's can show off that wonderful tenor range even more .
 After listening to Measure of a Man all the way through once , I wrote a review yesterday entitled `` so disappointing , I do n't know what to think . '' I do n't know , some of the cheese just got to me , I guess . I realize the record company wants to appeal to young audiences because they buy the most music . I 'm 45 years old and crazy about Clay . Last night I went home and listened several times to this CD , and it 's grown on me . Just as it 's difficult to pinpoint what it is about this remarkable man and why he 's got such an astounding hold over my heart -LRB- aside from the obvious , THE VOICE -RRB- , it 's equally hard to pinpoint WHY this music gets better and better with each progressive listen . But trust me , skeptics , it does . The only reason I 'm not giving 5 stars is because I feel a bit let down with the endings of some of the songs . If any of you saw Clay on GMA , I wish he 'd have ended `` Invisible '' on the CD the way he did on the show , with a song-stopping `` Wait , I already am '' rather than a fade out of `` If I were Invisible . '' This kind of distinction may not mean much to some of you , but to me , the emotion of a song is conveyed all the way through to the end . Clay knows this and does a remarkable job on ANYTHING he sings if given the chance . I just think whoever mastered this album copped out on the ending of some of the songs . He can sing the hell out of ANYTHING though . What a man . What a voice .
 I generally do not buy a lot of cds . In part because there have been very few new artist that have inspired me enough to spend money on an entire cd of their music and also because whenever I do buy a new one I find myself listening to it once or twice then returning to my old favorites . This cd is proving to be an exception . From the catchy tunes like Invisible and A Perfect Day to the powerful ballads The Way , Shine , And I Will Carry You this CD has something for everyone . I am hard pressed to name my favorite and least favorite track because I enjoy all of them ! It is very refreshing to see a young artist who can combine amazing talent with strength of character . I hope Clay 's Cd is a huge success because it is already one of my favorites and I ca n't wait to hear his next one ! This is a wonderful debut album .
 I admire him for fighting for his principles and putting out a CD that everyone can listen to and admire . I saw him on GMA yesterday and I have to admit that he 's the one singer I 've listened to that is even more incredible during a Live performance . He rocked the studio with so much passion and voice range ... I only wish the music producers had cut him loose while recording - it seems that on the CD he 's a bit more tame . He 's still Clay , but his ` passion / enthusiasm ' edge seems to be held back . The man rocks and so does the CD ! Enjoy ...
 I think most people will agree that this man has an incredible voice , the only issue I have with this CD is the whole `` studio '' sound of it . It is as if the record people felt they needed to embellish Clay in some way.I do wish that some of the songs clay recorded for this demos would have made it on this CD . -LRB- Namely `` Love of my Life '' and `` I know how the River feels '' -RRB- If you are looking for the Boy band studio created sound , this CD is not for you . However if you are looking for an amazing voice to listen to , Clay Aiken is for you !
 WOW !!! Great Album !! I love listening to this CD over and over and over again ! Thank you so much Clay , Love ALL of the songs , it is hard to pick a favorite , but I will try , I really love Measure of a Man , The Way , I Will Carry You , Perfect Day , Touch , When You Say You Love Me , Run To Me , No More Sad Songs and of course This Is The Night !!! Great job sweetie !! Clay will be making Christmas shopping easy this year !!! My goodness , I will be buying some more of this cd !!!!! 5 STARS !!!!
 Clay 's debut album is an awesome album . It does not show his range but it indeed showcases his amazing voice . Definitely a # 1 album for Clay ! And this is only the beginning . One of my favorite on the album is `` When You say you love me '' co-written by Enrique Iglesias . That 's interesting.GO GET IT ! It 's well worth it !
 Awesome ! I like all of the songs on the album , a real rare thing as most times there are several songs you do n't like ! Clay has a golden instrument and his sincerity comes thru delivering a powerful , touching message with each song . Soothing , upbeat ... I ca n't get enough of it ... guess I 'll have to buy more copies just to make sure I do n't wear them all out . Loved Shine , Perfect Day . Measure of a Man has awesome words , and guess what you can understand them ! All very good . Enjoy !
 I love Clay Aiken 's CD . It was a lot better than I could have ever expected , though I never doubted him . I have listened to the CD seven times and only had it a little over a day ! I recommend this to any music fan that believes in pure , true music .
 This album has lived up to my very high expectations . I 'm glad that it 's filled with new material and love Clay 's interpretations of the songs . He respects the story each songwriter is trying to tell . Clay 's voice brings a real emotional connection to each song and enhances those stories . Looking forward to videos , because I 'm sure , after seeing his performances on the Tonight Show and Good Morning America , that adding visuals to the songs will only make me love them more . If you want to hear songs with emotion and love , buy Measure of a Man .
 I happen to enjoy the Clay Aiken CD . I neither find the songs `` all the same '' nor geared toward an audience that ca n't appreciate good music . That said , why are the self-proclaimed critics so virulent in their opinions ? What possible difference can it make to them if people enjoy Clay 's music ? If you do n't like the CD , do n't buy it and do n't listen to it . It is , however , time to move on . Surely you can find something else to complain about .
 I really enjoyed this album . I read some reviews that saidall of the songs were good . I did n't think that ever happened.Now after hearing it and listening again I totally agree with that assessment . I think each one of them is good enough tobe a single.Get this one . You 'll really love it .
 This is a great CD ! Clay 's voice is so clear and pure , and his range , breatch control , and tone are just wonderful . It is so refreshing to find an artist who can actually SING instead of depending on electronic corrections and enhacements , heavy beats and loud background music to cover a thin voice . The main reason to buy this CD is really just to enjoy that beautiful voice again and again . My only complain
 I have yet to receive my MOAM + 1 but since I have heard all the songs , I will give this cd a 5 star . I have listened to this cd everyday since its release and I have over 3000 cds . It says something about this cd and that is , it is that excellent .
 After watching the young singer on American Idol week after week , then seeing him `` lose '' in the final round , this collection is a real treasure and treat . What a shame that a hidden talent such as this could have been lost in the last round of a `` reality TV show '' . The album contains a variety of styles that showcase the singer 's magnificent voice . There 's something on this one for everyone . The track , `` When You Say You Love Me '' , is sure to get your foot tapping or even up out of your seat.Great as a companion commute CD or an evening of listening pleasure .
 In today 's music world of `` artists ?? '' like Madonna and Britney Spears who may put on a `` good ?? '' show , but have to resort to lip singing , others who you ca n't hardly understand anything they are saying and many who find the need to include profanity , it is refreshing to finally have someone with a truly beautiful voice . -LRB- It 's only a plus that he is also someone who comes across as being genuinely a nice person amd chooses to use his celebrity for good . But this has no significance to the review of this CD . -RRB- The songs on this CD do not really showcase this man 's talent . However , his voice and the feel good nature of the songs makes it a CD you will want to listen to over and over . If you truly love music , you will want to sing along , but not too loud , so you can still hear his voice . Clay Aiken has incredible potential and a voice you ca n't forget . If you have an opportunity , listen to some of his demo tapes you can find on the web and experience his depth and range . So what if he does n't write his own music , there are far too many out there who do and should n't and those who can write but ca n't sing but try to . This man can sing and will only get better . Ca n't wait for his next album . I highly recommend this CD to those of you who love romantic feel good music sung with heart and depth . I also agree , this is not a forum to review music you would not normally listen to or like and definitely not a forum to attack the artists . To those of you who list those types of reviews , you 're not fooling anyone but yourselves ... wakeup , the world we live in today does not need your negativity . . what we need is more Clay Aikens .
 CLAY AIKEN IS # 1 HE MAY NOT HAVE WON THE TITLE OF AMER.IDOL BUT HE IS THE BEST OF SEASON 2 . BILLBOARD GOT IT RIGHT ... THE BEST ALBUM OF 2003 . IF YOU HAVE N'T GOT CLAYS CD ... WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR ? I WANT TO ECHO WHAT DOLLY PENCE SAID IN HER REVIEW.JON FROM MI . IS OUT TO HURT CLAY AIKENS CHARACTER AND DERAIL HIS SUCCESS . CLAY IS A GOOD AND DECENT PERSON . HE 'S ALSO IS A GOOD ROLE MODEL FOR THE KIDS . HEAVEN KNOWS THEIR ARENT THAT MANY TODAY THAT YOU CAN SAY THAT ABOUT . THIS CD IS GREAT AND FEB. 24 HIS SINGLE COMES OUT WITH SOLITAIRE ON IT . HE WAS AWESOME WHEN HE SANG IT ON IDOL . THIS TIME WE WILL HEAR HIM DO THE FULL SONG . ~ THIS IS A MUST BUY ~
 I received this CD as a gift at Christmas and I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised how good this recording is and enjoyable to listen to . If I had not received `` Measure of a Man '' as a present , I have to admit I most likely , would not have bought it . Only having gained my knowledge about Clay from the constant media barrage during the `` American Idol '' frenzy and having only seen the final episode of the contest , I really had not heard much from this singer before the CD . I do admit I was impressed by Clay during the `` Idol '' finale -LRB- and , yes , he clearly deserved to win as Ruben , although a seemingly nice fellow , sings out of tune -RRB- . `` Measure of a Man '' is a solid collection of pop rock and a nice showcase for Clay 's pleasant tenor . His voice , though a bit generic , shows some good stylistic touches that really help to elevate the quality of the material.A good job by Clay Aiken all around and a very listenable CD .
 I truly love this entire album , beautifully done ! I love all of the songs so much ! If I had to choose a favorite it would be THE WAY , my goodness , so darn romantic !!! WOW , then I would say touch , WOW , talk about GREAT MUSIC !!! Thank you Clay for making such a wonderful album my entire family can listen to , and my kids can dance to !
 Weak material , but grows on you and all songs are enjoyable to listen to . For those of you who do n't understand why this album is selling and breaking records . . it 's not the genre , or the young girls , or even the Clay/Ruben competion . . it 's `` The Voice '' . Clay 's voice is unique and beautiful . You ca n't help but stop just to listen , not to the lyrics , but to his voice . The CD is obviously selling to people of all ages and to people who like many types of music . Ca n't wait for his next CD - hopefully , they will not rush it and let him include a few cover songs like so many of the artists -LRB- including those who write their own music -RRB- are doing now . He was good on AI , but since then he 's done a few songs on TV that have been beautiful . . `` Little Drummer Boy '' `` Give A Little Love This Christmas '' and the `` Jesus Is Love '' duet with Ruben . Have not heard Ruben 's CD yet - but if you 're looking for soulful - there is plenty of it in Clay 's voice ... and I hear he has no formal training -- imagine what he will sound like as he gains experience , training and better material ! -LRB- Note
 Just as we knew he would , Clay has faced , challenged and beaten the powers that be , which have force fed us noise that has passed for music for too many years.Finally , we have a CD in which every song allows us to move through the various emotions of life without vulgarity or insult to the senses . The easy to sing along to lyrics and melody alternately moves us through the pain of loss , hope of new love , success of moving on , and committment to another - which is the way life really is.Measure of a Man , despite the scathing reviews of so-called professional critics , is remincent of the days when music was music - pure , real and excitable . Clay 's vocals more often than not emit chills running up and down the spine , cause the hair on your arm to prickle , and make you want stand up and shout thanks for sending him our way.As promised , this is a family friendly album that will please the musical palate of all ages . Clay has managed to break the mold of what he termed `` cookie cutter '' pop stars , and emerges as the talented musical superstar that we knew he would be . There are no disappointments to be had on this album . I hope that the pressures of the industry , along with their ... critics , do n't deter the lad from sticking to his guns , or giving up and going home . We 'll do good to be able to get more of this style from him in the future .
 WOWWWWWWWWWWW !!!! What a voice !! All of you present day `` pop '' singers who believe you are good singers need to listen to a REAL singer -- Clay Aiken ! AND -- he KEEPS his clothes ON !!!! He has class -- he has morals -- he has backbone -- he has character -- he has what most present-day singers do NOT have -- a GOD-GIVEN TALENT!And his eyes sparkle without the aid of tons of eye make-up or drugs -- his sparkle comes from deep within him.No , I 'm not a relative , or a starry-eyed teeny-bopper -- but his voice gives me goose-bumps ! And , I recognize REAL talent when I hear it . Something that Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson evidently did not recognize ! The only other musician 's voice that has impressed me this much is David Phelps of the Gaither Vocal Band -- a Christian vocal group . As far asI 'm concerned -- you can toss everyone else 's CD 's into the ocean -- just give me Clay and David !
 Clays CD is awesome . I 'm really happy it finally came out . His voice is so powerful for such a cute little guy . His voice is very beautiful . Anyone who says no to clay is crazzzy !
 Clay Rules !!!! WOW ! What talent this young man has . This album is off the hook . Whats not to like . If you do n't buy this cd shame on you . Clays single was the hottest single of the year and his album is going to do as well . I love all the songs.They are all so beautiful that I cant name a favorite .
 I truly enjoyed listening to all the songs on this CD . The more I play it , the more I like it . Although at times , the background music mix is overproduced , Clay 's voice shines through . He really draws you into his songs . Clay puts a lot of emotion into his ballads . `` Run to Me '' is a very emotional and powerful ballad . I ca n't wait to hear this song sang in concert !
 If you buy an album and like half the songs , nowdays you are lucky . I like almost all of the 12 songs on this album . I admit I like the ballads most , MOAM , and The Way . This is music for the rest of us , it is n't hip-hop or rap . The vanilla revolution is underway .
 I ca n't remember the last time I bought a C/D and loved EVERY song . Clay sounds amazing . The lyrics are great and the arrangements wonderful!I ca n't say enough about this C/D . Listening to it just makes you feel good !! I highly recommend that everyone that truly enjoys great music buy this C/D ... Clay IS the American Idol !!
 If there is one thing I can say about Clay Aiken is that he can sing anything well . He delivers a solid sound on this first attempt . I look forward to his second attempt in which he will only get better and stronger . You go Clay ! A must have for any Clay fan ! I love it !
 This CD was absolutely worth the wait . It was not what I was expecting from Clay , but it is fantastic . I thought it would be songs more like `` Solitare '' & `` Unchained Melody '' , but I love the pop flavor . I have so many favorites on the CD , it 's in my player now , & will stay there for a long time . Clay delivered a CD to be proud of and he stayed true to himself . We love you Clay . Take a quick break , because we are ready for # 2 .
 This is the Clay that millions of people fell in love with on American Idol . Clay 's beautiful voice and flawless delivery transform pedestrian lyrics into pop treasures . It is a perfect debut CD . It delivers what the public wanted
 powerful vocals , wonderful diction of his words . Much more polished and controlled as well . . measure of a man tugs at heart strings not just through its lyrics but the way they 're being sung . . hope this will be first of many albums !
 Okay , ending the cheesy pun right there . For months , fans of Clay Aiken have been awaiting his debut album , `` Measure of a Man '' . We 've witnessed title changes after title changes , track changes after track changes , and song leaks over the past few months , and the day is finally here . October 14th , 2003 . And were we let down ? No , of course we were n't . Each track of this album is phenomenal . `` Measure of a Man '' may not be full of dance tracks , bible songs , rap/metal , or the ever so popular `` poser punk '' , but it is full of pop ballads that make each and every one of his fans proud.So my review is this , the album is amazing . The lyrics to each of the songs are inspiring , his voice ever so captivating in each track . However , to an outside listener , it 's probably cheesy pop ballads sung by someone they still do n't know a thing about . The album is for the fans , and for people who appreciate the voice , quality , and personality of a singer , instead of just an carbon image that today 's society sees so much more frequently.Bravo , Clay . 10/10 .
 Absolutely amazing ! A voice like Clay Aiken 's only happens once in a blue moon and apparently this was the year of the blue moon . From the edgy I Survived You to the dance/latin flavored Touch to the beautiful Measure of the Man , each song on this CD is truly wonderful . What a marvelous debut album for this `` new pop superstar . '' Thank you Clay !
 BEAUTIFUL , CLAY , BEAUTIFUL !!! I just bought this CD at midnight and it is awesome ... Clay has definitely done it again ! His voice is magnificently beautiful and sings from the heart ! Every track on this CD is worth listening to over and over again , from the fun-filled Invisible to the ballad Run to Me to the title song Measure of a Man . Clay is without a doubt the best artist out there . I LOVED THIS CD !!!!!!!!!
 This CD is amazing ! I have never enjoyed an album as much as I do this one . Every song is excellent . The variety and quality of the lyrics , the music , the vocals is superb.Clay Aiken has hit the big time with this release.There are sure to be several # 1 hits on this CD.The only problem is in choosing a favorite ! ~
 After all the anticipation , finally to have heard the entire CD , it is just better than imagined . It is hard to choose a favorite song , they are all good . Clay remained true to himself with this CD but also showed some different styles . Hopefully we will hear a lot of these songs on the radio in the near future .
 I do n't watch AI regularly and you can count the number of times I HAVE watched on one hand . The only time I caught Clay sing on TV was the time he messed up . But I heard the cut of `` Measure of a Man '' and had to get the CD . `` When You Say You Love Me '' is my favorite song from MOAM and with the exception of `` Touch '' , I liked all the songs . Other favorites are
 I love Clay 's voice ! This CD is very catchy and very addictive ! For those of you who write negative reviews , first of all it seems like some of you need to learn to go back to school and put together sentences with decent grammar and learn to spell . Just shows the intelligence of some reviewers I guess . It is not a contest people ! Ruben won , Clay lost - it should have nothing to do with CD reviews ! Grow up and learn to give an intelligent review , whether it is positive or negative . But just cause you do n't like an artist , you do n't have to bash everything he does . I will continue to buy music that has good lyrics and good vocals and Clays CD 's have both !
 Clay has done a great job with 12 `` pretty-nice '' pop songs . He seems in a comfort zone as a song `` stylist . '' A couple of the songs sound too digitized or synthesized or some other odd sound . Song # 4 would be good for Cher , or a country singer . As a real fan of his voice , I wish he had better songs . The songs are neither ` hip ' nor ` un-hip . ' Just middle-of-of the road Vanilla songs . -LRB- Probably the catalog was limited . -RRB- On balance , there are at least 8 good , listen over-and-over songs , that showcase his voice and talent .
 This album is a must-own for all those people who want a role model to look up to and admire . His personal views and emotional convictions can be heard throughout this album . Clay 's strong , powerful voice combined with the wonderfully worded lyrics make this project an essential to every music collection . Most every person can find a song to suit their musical tastes on this album . Up-tempo songs like `` Invisible '' and `` I Will Carry You '' start the album off just right . `` Measure of a Man '' and `` Run to Me '' are really thought provoking and amazingly real . And it 's not just a few song that are great , but the whole album is awesome . I do n't get tired of listening to each song over and over . There is always something new and exciting that I discover each time I listen to this album . I ca n't wait to see what other amazing music Clay introduces to the world . Until that time , I 'm going to listen to my Clay Aiken cd again and again and again .
 Clay Aiken is a fantastic singer.I 'm a 66 year old grandma and I love this cd.I adore Clay.That smile on his face when he finishes a song . . He is so sweet and a nice young man.He is a breath of fresh air.I havent had a reason to buy a cd.You see at my age you remember when singers could sing . A lot of what is out here today is not easy to listen to . . if you know what I mean . I havent purchased a cd in -- years.This album of Clay aiken is so easy to listen to . I think you should go out and get this cd . You will be not regret it .
 It is Amazon . Com 's responsibility to read the reviews before they are posted to see if they are apporiate . You have been doing a very bad job of this lately . Please see the reviews by Mr. Monkey . Remember Children go to this site to read reviews andthe vulgarity from reviews by people like Mr. Monkey are verydisturbing . I would hate to put Amazon . Com on the parental control list , but if you continue to print such vulgar , slanderous trash I will have no choice . So please read the reviews before posting , and PLEASE eliminate Mr. Monkey from everbeing allowed to post anything on any products you sell .
 This young man will be a superstar ... think Elvis , The Beatles , Frank Sinatra ... . and then think higher . I was around when Elvis and The Beatles got their start , have been following popular music since around 1952 , and I have never before been so taken with a voice that I can not seem to get enough of listening to it , even when sometimes the material is not up to par with the voice . His voice is so pure and mesmerizing . I have bought every CD that has so much as one song on it by him , and in some instances , have bought two copies , so that I had one for the house and one for my car . Beautiful voice , pure pleasure to listen to . Buy this CD . If you love beautiful music , you wo n't regret it .
 As you read through the many reviews one thing stands out -- the majority of the reviewers who give one star trash the artist and the people who like the cd . The majority of the reviewers who give 4 or 5 stars actually talk about the music i.e. the quality of Clay 's voice and the feel good songs . Now tell me - which type of review has the most merit and can be called an actual `` review '' ? I hear the CD sold over 2 million copies within the first 4 weeks -- that tells you friends and family are recommending it to each other . I give the CD 4 stars for the beautiful voice and the feel good sing along songs . Granted the songs are not the best , but they are still addictive , make you feel good and Clay 's voice makes up for the weakness of the material . With training and better material I expect Clay Aiken to only get better and better . Would like to see him add some cover songs like many artists are doing today . I highly recommend this album -- be sure to listen to it at least twice all the way through and you 'll not stop playing it .
 Measure of a Man CD ... oh my gosh , what can I say . I am VERy happy with it . Clay , you HAVE NOT let your fans down ! I followed Clay from the auditions and I knew he would be the one ! Forget that other guy ... who WAS it ?? ... Ru . . Ru . . Ru something ?? Clay has shown he is the REAL idol and winner . I could go on and on ... I love Clay ! I play MOAM all day ! All Day , All Clay !
 I 've listened to all 12 songs at least 10 times already . I love it ! Aiken 's voice is definitely a Godsend . Without a doubt he has an amazingly heavenly voice which is on full display in all its glory in his debut CD . He pours all his emotion in each song . Aiken does n't just sing it . He feels it . And I felt it . He hits every note , and every range possible . First on the list , INVISIBLE , is a definite radio friendly hit . The listener will sway and bop to this likeable beat . I WILL CARRY YOU has a soaring , spine-tingling crescendo , and it leaves a good ache in your heart . THE WAY is a beauty . YOu just need to listen to it.THIS IS THE NIGHT is added to the track , and I must say , it is no wonder it was the # 1 song for weeks . love it . TOUCH has a sort of latin beat to it . I wish it will be release and hit the radio waves b/c it is a sure-fire hit . Great beat , and a whole lot of rhythm and funk to it . That Aiken can do anything and there is something for everybody here . He is definitely one for the ages .
 Well , one thing is for sure . Clay is definately worthy of a recording contract . His first real album shows how he is better handling his vocal skills , and how lucky he is to have such talented song writers ! I was a little disappointed to find that he did n't have any part in writing these songs , but hey , some people can write , some people can sing , it 's not common that they can do both well . Clay Aiken is obviously a very nice man , and though many may not agree , he is a better role model then some male singers are today . Here is how I rate each song :1 . Invisible-5 / 5 . Much better version then one that I previously heard before the album 's release . Some people complain that the lyrics are `` strange '' , but I honestly do n't think that they were meant to sound that way , so I do n't see any problem with them . Cool beat , catchy lyrics . 5 out of 5.2 . I Will Carry You-4 / 5 . Great lyrics , great vocals , great beat ... all is great . I just love when singers hit and hold high notes ! Then I always try to copy the note , and of course sound way , way , way off-key ... 3 . The Way-4 / 5 . Wow , the first really romantic song that I 've ever liked . It would definately be a good song to slow-dance to at a dance .4 . When You Say You Love Me-3 / 5 . Okay , it 's a little catchy , and has one of those kind of cheerful beats to it , but it 's really just not my favorite . Some of the lyrics are also a little hard to understand , and that can be sort of annoying if the song gets stuck in your head .5 . No More Sad Songs-5 / 5 . Just what every CD needs ... a great tell-off song ! Great lyrics that make you think , `` Where did they come up with that ? '' , distinct guitars , and surprisingly almost-angry vocals by Clay . Of course he was n't screaming the words or anything , but he did n't sound cheerful , that 's for sure .6 . Run to Me-4 / 5 . Just barely a 4 , only because , though it 's good , it 's just not my favorite . I do like it though . The lyrics are sort of romantic like `` The Way '' , yet with less of a romantic beat .7 . Shine-4 / 5 . Catchy lyrics , nice beat . I like this song better then the last song . It starts out sort of like `` No More Sad Songs '' , then gets more likeably upbeat .8 . I Survived You-4 / 5 . Another song about breaking up with catchy , well-thought-out lyrics , and though it has a slower beat , is still very enjoyable . It does have a word in it that some parents may find unsuitable , though .9 . This Is the Night-5 / 5 . Beautfiul , romantic lyrics , good guitars , basically a song that just makes you want to sing along .10 . Perfect Day-4 / 5 . This song kind of sounds similar to `` Shine '' . The lyrics make me think of sunshine just after it 's rained . Though not one of my favorites , it 's pretty good .11 . Measure of A Man-5 / 5 . Okay , once again , a song with incredibly romantic , catchy , well-thought-out , and enjoyable lyrics . Absolutely beautiful . I played it repeatedly until my mom told me to turn it off .12 . Touch-4 / 5 . Nice guitars , sort of catchy lyrics , overall a great ending song . It leaves you with a good feeling . Some parents might find the lyrics to be little iffy for little kids though ... I do n't really see anything wrong with them , but they might be a little too romantic for parents to like their young ones listening to.I really like this CD . It does n't have any songs on it that you just want to skip over , and it does have a lot of good songs that you 'll play on repeat . Clay is very talented , and I 'm not surprised his CDs have sold so well . I do suggest listening to the clips of these songs here on Amazon before purchasing , though , just to make sure it 's your type of music . But if you like Clay Aiken , I think you 'll like this album ... a lot .
 Clay Aiken is one of the most talented singers out there . Not only does he have a voice from heaven but is an all around nice guy . What I love the most about this guy is that he 's not afraid to be himself . He does n't follow the fads and raunchy behavior the music industry is so used to . Clay is so unique , refreshing and is a joy to listen to . I am a fan forever !!! I absolutely love his voice , music and of course the man .
 Clay Aiken has one of those voices where if you heard him on the radio , you 'd go `` hey , uh ... is n't that Clay Aiken ? '' You ca n't say that about many artists out today . Kelly Clarkson is another one you can say that about . Any American Idol fan will tell you that Clay Aiken finished AI 2 as the runner-up to an obviously less talented Ruben Studdard . But his underdog status and sheer talent may be why he 's graced the cover of Rolling Stone and Entertainment Weekly , and why his album sales soar over Ruben 's . And he 's just an all-around personable guy . Some people may rag on him about Clay because he has a `` broadway voice '' , but that 's just uncalled for . I do n't think he sounds `` broadway '' , but his voice is not typical for the light rock style of music he sings . Which is what I like about him . And he also have some serious range . On some songs , he sings lower than usual and it 's kind of cool . But when he needs to hit that high note , it will be hit precisely and elegantly . My favorites on the album are of course the single `` Invisible '' -LRB- the poppiest Clay will ever get -RRB- , `` I Will Carry You '' , `` No More Sad Songs '' -LRB- a nice little power ballad -RRB- , `` I Survived You '' -LRB- I like how he sings the `` you forgot to dot some i 's and cross some t 's along the way '' line -RRB- , and `` Touch '' -LRB- the only upbeat song on the album -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like about his album is that Clay never showed us how he sounds doing other genres of music . Whenever I would hear him on AI 2 doing different stuff , he made that song his own -LRB- like the Bee Gees ' `` Grease '' -RRB- . And I would find myself singing it later on like he wrote and performed it himself . I could n't say that about anyone else . But on here , he 's just in late 80 's Richard Marx mode for most of the album . Not that that 's bad , but I want to hear him branch out . The only other thing I would change about `` Measure Of A Man '' is that I would 've made him cowrite at least a few songs . He did have a hand in picking what made the final cut on the album , stating that he liked every song ... but it would be nice to know he wrote at least one song . Other than that , you can count Clay Aiken in with your Frank Sinatras , Elvis Presleys , and yes ... Michael Boltons if he continues to put out music as good as this . He is the real `` American Idol '' of the second season indisputably .
 For a first album this is an excellent cd . I think one of the best because I actually enjoyed all the songs , I did n't just pick and choose . He has a great God given talent and I take it he loves the songs where he can sing at the top of his lungs . Great Job !!
 I 'm not a rabid clay fan and after reading a few bad reviews I was relunctant to purchase this CD -- BUT I AM GLAD I DID ! After listening to MOAM I can say without a doubt it is a fantasic collection of wonderfully performed songs -- `` The Way '' , `` Run to Me '' and `` Measure of a Man '' are way over the top of what I had expected . If you are on the fence about buying it , read Billboard 's review : `` Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' is the best pop album of 2003 . Every song , every note is brimming with ambition and glory . Thanks to the bull 's - eye A&R talents of RCA chief Clive Davis and a cast of grade-A songwriters-including Cathy Dennis , Desmond Child , Kara DioGuardi , Gary Burr , Steve Morales , Andreas Carlsson-the `` American Idol '' hero 's debut album perfectly matches his radiantly melodramatic voice with good , old-fashioned power ballads aimed straight for the gods . Throughout , the timeless production focuses squarely on Aiken 's immense talent . `` Run to Me '' is arguably the sweet spot , the quintessential tear-jerker , along with show-stoppers `` No More Sad Songs , '' `` I Survived You '' and the title track . In another radio era , this album could be the `` Thriller '' of the day , spawning hit after hit . In any case , fans have plenty to celebrate . `` Measure of a Man '' is an utter triumph of art and commerce.-CT ''
 I have followed Clay all the way from the start of American Idol 2003 and he is a great singer . I throughly enjoyed Measure of a Man cd and I look forward to his next one . This is the best cd I have heard in many years . Well recommended !
 This is the perfect album for sitting at home with a plate of your favorite comfort food or taking that long drive on a Sunday afternoon . I was extremely impressed by the first single , `` Invisible . '' It has that whole Rick Astley 80 's vibe to it ... it 's awesome . Some of my other favorites on the album include
 It took me about 6 full `` listens '' to really be happy that I bought the new Aiken CD . I 'm a big fan of his powerful voice and of the man himself , but , just as I feared , his handlers have overproduced the music , and there is just too much that is n't Clay in many of the songs . I had hoped for a style change up -LRB- bright ballads -RRB- or a theme change up -LRB- man-woman relationships -RRB- , but I did n't get that . Clive Davis used 6 different producers on the CD , but we still got one distinct sound , and Clay has a lot of music subtleties that he has n't been able to show on this production . There are depths and ranges in the voice that are n't demonstrated here , and Clay can sing uptempo , blues and jazz , if they give him a chance on album # 2 . I did n't find the songs forgettable , just a little uneven.There are 3-4 throwaway songs ... `` Invisible '' and `` The Way You Say You Love Me '' are boy band recycles . `` Perfect Day '' and `` I Survived You '' are 80 's mediocre pop . There are a couple of gems that are open to interpretation -LRB- could have a religious theme -RRB- `` Shine '' and `` I Will Carry You '' , that the producers could use to crossover into the Christian music arena -LRB- but they 'll be too scared to lose his commercialism -RRB- . `` The Way '' is very commercial ... Steve Morales had an assist from Enrique Iglesias in writing it . It was probably meant for Enrique , but he did n't have enough voice . Not so Clay . It is a terrific release , and one that showcases his talent . I sing along to this one the most ! I very much enjoyed `` No More Sad Songs '' ; which sounds like early Elton John , particularly with the piano touches ... Also high on my list are
 So , there I am , browsing around amazon.com when all of a sudden , I pass by this . I raise an eyebrow , thinking this CD should be released next month , not bothering to look at the release date , which I should 've . So I click on it an already see reviews for it and that it ALREADY has been released ! The next day , I quickly went to a store and bought the CD . Here 's my opinion on the songsInvisible - This song can easily get stuck in your head . The chorus is so fun to sing along to . 5/5I Will Carry You - I definitely like the lyrics to this song . Clay sings it perfectly ! 5/5The Way - When I first listened to it , I thought it was a different version of Elton John 's `` Something About The Way You Look Tonight '' , mainly because of the first line , but it was n't . A nice lil ' slow song . I like the chorus 4/5When You Say You Love Me - This song was written by Darren Hayes -LRB- of Savage Garden -RRB- , by the way . I thought it sounded a bit Darren Hayes-ish -LRB- ` specially from his solo album in a way -RRB- Quite a fun song ! 4/5No More Sad Songs - Another resemblence to Sir Elton 's `` Sad Songs -LRB- They Say So Much -RRB- but the only thing they have in common is the titles ! It 's got a nice tempo . 4/5Run To Me - Oh , this is a `` purty '' song . Love it . . the lyrics , the music , Clay 's voice , everything . 5/5Shine - A very , very , VERY nice encourageing song . I espeically like Clay 's voice in this song . 5/5I Survived You - Very sad lyrics but a very good song . Again , Clay 's voice is outstanding . Some clever lyrics , again I 'm especially fond of the chorus . 5/5This is the Night - You should all know this song from the single and from the show . Awesome vocals in this one . 5/5Perfect Day - Oh , his voice gives me goosebumps in the chorus when he sings `` Just as long as she 's in my arms '' . Ah , sends shivers down my spine just thinking about it . 5/5Measure of a Man - This is my personal favorite on the album . I love the lyrics and the meaning to this song . 10/5 ! Touch - Very fun , head boppin ' , wanna-sing-along-to-it song . I 'm not really fond of the lyrics eventhough it seems like a popular song . 3.8 / 5Great job Clay ! I expect we should have more from him in years to come . Whenever I hear him sing , the muscles in my knees tense and freeze . It 's as if I 'm FORCED to stand there and forget everything around me . He 's THAT good , ladies and gentlemen ! Buy this album if you like t-a-l-e-n-t .
 and fantastic voice . He appeals to all ages . I 'm a great grandmother who fell in love with Clay when he first walked onstage . My hope is that he will forever stay the same sweet guy . With a voice like his -- who could ask for anything more .
 `` Measure of a Man '' is an amazing achievement for this young artist . All the tracks on this CD are so soothing to the `` ear '' . The title track `` Measure of a Man '' is an absolute treasure ! I ca n't say enough about this amazing , astonishing , BEAUTIFUL CD !! Hands downs the best of 2003
 I have had this CD about a week & have listened many , many times . Each time I come away with a different song running through my mind . I enjoy listening each time I play it . Each time I anticipate hearing a different song . Today I just realized that everytime I start this CD , it makes me happy . Clay 's voice must bring up the endorphins -LRB- sp -RRB- . This is the first CD I have ever purchased where every song is good . People -LRB- not necessarily Clay fans -RRB- I 've played this CD for come away liking it . I recommend this CD ... big time .
 We all know Clay is awesome and in an age where most performers are taking off their clothes or kissing people of the same sex , it 's refreshing to see a young man who truly has talent . With this album you hear Clay 's true voice , not the recording studio `` making '' him sound good . When he sang the songs from the album on Good Morning America and other shows you felt as though you were hearing the album . Clay 's performance is flawless as is this album.I love the lyrics of each and every song . Again , in a world of lyrics that mean absolutely NOTHING , the lyrics on this album make you think , feel and touch your heart . I would love to think Clay has something to do with these lyrics and some input . But I feel they wanted to get an album out knowing it would make lots of money and asked very little of Clay except to perform . But boy can he perform !!! I recommend this album because I love Clay 's voice and feel he has true talent . But I hope his next album shows the true Clay and gives us more of the voice we heard on American Idol.What can I say , the boy can sing and has true talent .
 Every song on Clay 's album could be a hit if played on the radio . They are heartfelt renditions of various love songs , and his beautiful , perfect pitch voice is `` music '' to my ears . I play it over and over , and they just get better . Clay is here to stay . Thank you Clay for music you can listen to , sing along with and understand the words .
 This CD is fantastic ! This even has the classic Bridge over troubled water !
 Measure of a Man is exactly what the title suggests . This CD takes you from hope to fulfillment and all of the joy of the journey in between . `` Invisible '' is your first crush , `` I Will Carry You '' is the support system that gets you through the hard times , '' The Way '' is pure adoration of first love , '' When You Say You Love Me '' is anticipation and uncertainty , '' No More Sad Songs '' is about moving on , '' Run To Me '' is unselfish devotion , '' Shine '' is joyfull , '' I Survived You '' is closure after rejection , '' This is the night '' is classic and special , '' Perfect Day '' rejoices , '' Measure of a Man '' is a reminder of what love is all about , And '' Touch '' is the culmination and fullfillment of love.as Paul McCartney so beautifully said : '' You 'd think that people would have had enought of silly love songs.But I look around me and I see it is n't so.Some people wan na fill the world with silly love songs.And what 's wrong with that ? I 'd like to know ? `` Exactly !
 There have been a lot of people coming here and slamming this beautiful piece of art that Clay and RCA has given us and the editorial allowed on here is just a disgrace . I cherish this CD and always will . Clay 's music helped me through a very hard time in my life , in fact the taped episodes of AI2 kept me sane while I watched my aunt slowly wither away and die of cancer . Clay 's music makes my little three year old niece smile and every time we get in my car she wants me to `` Play tay ! '' . Clay 's music lifts you up , inspires you and makes you feel good all over . So , if you 're reading these reviews to decide whether or not to buy the CD , buy it . Because 95 % of the bad reviews are by those who not only did n't buy the CD or listen to the sample tracks , but are simply out to try and derail this beautiful man 's success . Thank you Clay , for just being you .
 I have never heard a CD that has such great appeal for ALL age groups . As you listen to each song , you think `` Yes , this one is my favorite '' , until the next one comes on . I think each song has the potential to be # 1 Hits . Congratulations , Clay ! And thanks for the best CD I 've ever listened to .
 Let me just give you a `` jist '' of Measure of A Man and its success . It has already been certified Platinum twice by SoundScan and Billboard . This CD was at no. 1 at it 's debut , and continued in its second week . Clay Aiken won at the American Music Awards and the Billboard awards . The second runner up of American Idol 2 series truly proves that talent prevails over just looks , or any other superficial views of an artist . In this CD , Clay does a very good job vocally and emotionally to express each song .1 . Invisible -LRB- 4:03 -RRB-
 After getting me hooked on American Idol , and giving me a reason to bless America OnLine -LRB- they put up `` Invisible '' early for everyone 's listening pleasure -RRB- , Clay Aiken does it again . I swear , this is the only guy who can make me AUDIBLY squeal just at discovering the CD for sale . : -RRB- Every track is beautifully done , with Clay 's voice right where it should be
 Clay has made an awesome cd . It 's one great song after another . The way he belts out those high notes is truly remarkable . I saw him perform last week in Detroit , and he sounded as great as the record for many of the songs . He looked like a natural up on stage , like he was enjoying himself and that he belonged there . My only wish is that he could be on TV every week , because many of us ca n't seem to get enough of him !
 This album of Clay 's is the first album that I have bought in a very long time . I think that he has got one of the most amazing voices that I have ever heard . I enjoy every song on this album .
 I am so glad I bought this CD . Clay Aiken 's voice is amazing , especially on Run to Me and The Way . The songs are so nice . They are uplifting , you can understand the words , they are not violent or filthy , and they are the type you sing along to . I wholeheartedly recommend this CD .
 this is indeed a great album!just ... BUY ITand for those who keep saying that he 's ugly , please take a closer look at him , he 's adorable !! simply , cute . .
 Clay Aiken is the reason I enjoyed the second season of AI so much . His voice is so pure and strong . It 's almost like listening to an angel sing . It is apparent that he has such a big heart and he puts so much feeling into his songs . It does n't matter what he sings , he does an outstanding job . I bought his album and I have to say I think its the best FIRST album of any american idol thus far . Any song he sings that broadcasts his voice range just awes me . Anybody that does n't think this young man is talented needs to have their hearing checked . He is Spectacular ! In my opinion Clay should have won AI . . hands down ! Definitely an album worth owning .
 With all the super-hype around Ruben Studdard in my hometown , it would be easy to overlook his little buddy Clay . But so sorry for anyone who does because this dude has powerhouse vocals that should not be missed !!! Now I got ta admit , I would n't normally buy this kind of music myself . If all I 'd ever heard were `` Invisible '' or `` The Way '' on the radio , I 'd probably brush him off as pop fluff , albeit pleasantly produced & performed pop fluff . I 'm much more likely to purchase REM , Linkin Park , Coldplay or U2 . I even like Outkast & Eminem when I 'm in an R&B / hip-hop mood . Never an American Idol ! Lucky for me & my elitist attitude -LRB- yeah , I 'm admitting it in print , Lily ! -RRB- , my beautiful girlfriend gave me `` Measure Of A Man '' for Valentine 's Day . I thought it was a gag gift , but she was so adamant that I give it a thorough , unbiased listen & she 's so freaking amazing to me in so many ways , I agreed to try to please her . What can I say ? `` No More Sad Song '' -LRB- & Lily assures me it 's Song , not Songs - a typo from a major label , imagine that ? -RRB- has now become my anthem !!! Before Lily saved me , I experienced the most excrutiating relationship in the history of man & apparently , Clay has too , since he wails this tune with such authority . I dig `` I Survived You '' for all the same reasons . I can also relate to `` Perfect Day '' & `` Touch '' because of the heaven my life has become because of the Goddess Lilyanne -LRB- that 's in print now , too , baby ! -RRB- . Even a power romance ballad like `` This Is The Night '' - which I would normally abhor - has special meaning for me now . Ok , is this a CD critique or a love letter to Lily ? Maybe a little of both . But my point here , review-wise , is that I believe a lot of guys who feel they are above any American Idol , teen-heartthrob , cheesy crooner music are likely to be blown away if they actually take the time to listen to this CD with an open heart & mind . Better yet , listen to it with your special lady & even if you 're not as impressed as I was , at the very least you 're going to find a place & purpose in this crazy , cynical world for the kind of music that only a superior singer like Clay Aiken can provide . Our fathers did n't worship guys like Frank Sinatra , Tony Bennett , Johnny Mathis & Nat King Cole for no good reason . I can honestly say that I think Clay will eventually fall into that illustrious category , given material that best suits his incredible range & silken style . Do I have to admit to you guys now that Lily has me watching tapes of Clay 's competition performances on American Idol ? Do I have to tell his fans that I usually do it with my jaw hanging open ? That guy was a Star the moment he walked on stage.Note to RCA
 Clay Aiken is a breath of fresh air on the music scene today . I have n't been this excited about an artist in a very long time . He truly is the American Idol ... I do n't care who won the AI2 series ... Clay is the only winner ! He makes you want to love him . Maybe because of his self-effacing humor , or his little boy way , or that power house of a voice . Whatever `` it '' is Clay has got `` it '' ! I wish I were 24 again . I would be head over heals for Clay ... dreaming of him becoming mine . Alas , I 'm a 50 year old soon to be grandma . Clay 's songs and voice make my heart soar and my pulse race . I remember what it was like to be young and standing on the edge of my future . I 'm sure that when I 'm 70 , Clay Aiken will still be making my heart sing . Buy this album . Be in on the beginning of this remarkable young man 's journey and career . I love you Clay !
 Truly a magnificent debut from a voice that has the power to transcend genres and emotions in the blink of an eye . Strong , confident , powerful -- and all the while vulnerable , Mr. Aiken 's voice is a thing of pure beauty . The potential for hit single after single is there if radio will only relent its close-mindedness . Songs like `` Run To Me '' , `` Shine '' , `` The Way '' , `` I Survived You '' , and `` No More Sad Song '' make the heart happy and the soul full . With each repeated listening , I am still amazed by the nuances that send chills down your spine . Clay conquers influences from country , soul , gospel and pop without missing a beat -- or note . Do yourself a big favor and ignore the music critics who trash the album for sport . From production , to song selection , to execution , this is THE pop album of 2003 .
 Wow , it 's 3:30 am and I 'm still sitting here listen to Clay 's new album . I love every song on this CD -LRB- which is unusual for me , I usually buy a CD for one or two songs I like , which I 'm sure you can all identify with -RRB- , but I do have my favorites which are marked with an asterisk * ! * Invisible - I love this medium to fast-paced pop song . This is the song that was sort of released to the public before his album was sold in stores . * I Will Carry You - This song almost makes me cry because it seems as if Clay is singing directly to me . If I could pick any song that pertained to my life right now , it would be this one . It 's a slow song , and very sweet.The Way - This is a slower song and I think Clay does a great job on it . He does a lot of his own back-up in this song which I think makes it sound great . He really shows his talent in this song.When You Say You Love Me - This song has the same medium to fast pace . I love the chorus . It is extremely catchy , but most of the rest of the song -LRB- especially the beginning -RRB- is n't my favorite . This is more of a country song , and I love country!No More Sad Songs - Pretty good song , and Clay , of course , does an excellent job . To me , Clay makes any song sound extraordinary . Catchy tune , medium to fast-paced . * Run to Me - A slow song that Clay does an excellent job on . This song , even more than I Will Carry You , makes me feel as if Clay is singing to me . An extremely sweet song for a sweet and seemingly genuine/sincere guy like Clay.Shine - A fun slow to medium-paced song that , again , speaks to me . It seems like this album was made especially for me and it could n't have come at a better time . This song makes my foot tap and my head bob , haha.I Survived You - A song for anyone who has gotten over a bad relationship . This is a really great song and Clay does a good job putting emotion into the song . It makes you feel as if Clay is actually living the song , and I 've never seen anyone do a better job of that than he does here . * This Is The Night - This song was on his single -LRB- Bridge Over Troubled Water/This Is the Night -RRB- and it 's the same song , he did n't `` re-sing '' it for this CD . I loved this slow to medium-paced song from the moment I heard it . If a guy sang this song to any girl , I do n't know how she could resist him!Perfect Day - A medium to fast-paced song that is extremely catchy . His perfect voice , as in The Way , really shows up in this song also . * Measure of a Man - Another song that you can really get into . It 's a great slow to medium-paced song that you can listen to over and over again . Very sweet , and Clay does an awesome job making this song great.Touch - I 've seen people call this song more of a salsa type , and I agree . Its medium to fast-paced and can have a catchy beat to some people , but to others it might be annoying . Personally , he could sing it to me anytime !! ----------------- A short note to conclude ... I admire Clay . I have never seen a celebrity/musician seem more genuine and real . He truthfully seems sincere and one of those guys that all the girls are friends with , but all secretly want . I also admire him for his Christian attitude , and he 's not afraid to show it and refuses to compromise his morals and principles . That is what I think shows the true measure of a man.God Bless , JamieBullard , Texas
 The review from Billboard Magazine says it all -- this IS the BEST POP ALBUM OF 2003 . Every song is great ; there is not a single one that I do n't like . While most of this album is `` easy '' listening , light and fun , there are also a few serious tunes where you get to hear Aiken 's classic vocal range . Great job for a debut album . I now can understand why the sales have been phenomenal .
 The music industry has started to become this hype of hip hop and mundane beat boxing . We almost had forgotten what true talent is . Until now . Clay aiken has the most amazing voice I have ever heard and is wonderful . He truly gives inspiration to his fans that no matter who you are you can make a difference . the fan from CA , really . Be nice . Ruben did win but hey , ca n't clay fans enjoy his music ? you do n't need to be so critical geez . His songs are beautiful . One has to have no soul to enjoy his melodic tones and beautiful lyrics . A rundown nof his songs : -RRB- Invisible - okay I admit at first I thot it was a stalker song lol . but I love its beat and melody - 4/5I will Carry You - a beautiful song that lets you know that no matter where you are , you always have someone to carry you through teh bad times . 5/5The Way - A BEAUTIFUL SONG . its so adorable . Allows you to feel all gushy inside about the person you love :-RRB- - 5/5When you Say you Love Me - a beautiful song written by darren Hayes from Savage Garden . A great beat and a sweet lyric . 4.5 / 5No More Sad Songs - A great song on how to feel stronger after a breakup . 4/5Shine - an uplifting song which tells you taht no matter how horrible life seems , that shadows to fall upon even the sunniest person and you will always shine because you are beautiful . 5/5Run To me - REALLY GREAT SONG . Makes me cry . A beautiful melody about sacrificing your happiness to wait for someone you truly love . - 5/5I survived you - SAME THING AS RUN TO ME :-RRB- A beautifully written melody bout surviving a breakup . 5/5This is the Night - played very many times during the AI series but a beautiful song . His first single and well in anticpation of a very special night . Very uplifting 4.5 / 5Perfect Day - A really good song amazingly . I thot this would not be good but its beautiful . tells aobut no matter how things are bad , if you 're with the person you love , everything is perfect . 5/5Measure of a man - AMAZING > MY FAVE TRACK . okay CA what is wrong with you ? you can not laugh during this . I means seriously you must not have feelings whatsoever to laugh during this song . A wonderful song that allows you to think about your actions during a relationship and not to measure a man or push him to prove his love to you . 1000000/512 - Touch - wonderful song I love this one . Its a fast one but Clay sings it so well 5/5Measure of a man was the best buy I have ever made . and I thot I 'd let everyone know that .
 I have been reading reviews of this album almost daily since its release . I am amazed that they continue to be written one month and some 2400 reviews later . Something needs to be said about that alone . I believe the success of MOAM , and ultimately of Clay Aiken , is simply a combination of 3 very important elements
 I think this album is awesome . Every song is wonderful ... not a dull moment ever.I think a lot of people have n't really listened to Clay 's debut because they do n't want to give it a chance . Clay spoke the truth -LRB- he is soo honest ! -RRB- on his AOL interview when he said that he `` made it '' on a short cut -LRB- and that offends some people -RRB- . Yes , he did , but he really does have talent . Clay sings every song like he means it . He has an excellent voice . The kind of voice you never tire of listening to.Look at him ... awkward , skinny and definitely not your typical pop star ... but I think that 's what America loves about him . Clay Aiken is REAL and he conveys that in every song he sings.I hope he matures into a finer talent -LRB- remember he is only 24 -RRB- . I 'd like to see him write his own compositions and sing music from different genres.For a first album - Measure of a Man measures UP!God Bless , Clay-best of luck .
 First and foremost , I do not watch American Idol ... anyways , I first heard `` This is the night '' on the radio and I thought it was a beautiful song . This is a good album and it 's definitely worth your money , all you Clay Fans out there ! My favorites were
 This CD is amazing . Clayton does an excellent job with this . You can tell he puts his heart and soul into every song . Any song could be the next hit!Also , these songs appeal to everyone and anyone . I know many people who never liked Clay 's music before , now love him because of just one . Clay did a great job ! I 'm so proud of him !
 It 's nice to hear someone that is actually using his voice to entertain and not all the gimicks . I can understand the words to the songs . What a joy it is to have real talent entertaining us again . I put him up there with Sinatra and Elvis . Thanks Clay . Give us more .
 This is a good CD . It 's Clay doing his thing.It grows on you although many of the songs sound good right from the start.Like all albums , some tracks are more appealing than others , for various reasons such as the music or lyrics.However , it 's good just to finally have Clay on CD .
 One of the most amazing things about Clay Aiken is his appeal to all age groups . My husband and I both love his amazing voice , and have since we first heard it - and we know people of every age group who feel the same . This is one of the few albums that we listen to without fast-forwarding past any songs . Beautiful , catchy melodies , `` clean '' lyrics , all sung with such emotion ! Several of the songs are very reminicent of Elton John and Paul McCartney -LRB- high compliments in our book -RRB- . This is an artist who is going to have a long and successful career , starting with this already double platinum album ! Top off his beautiful voice with his moral character and devotion to children with disabilities , and it 's no wonder that Clay Aiken has become so incredibly popular . We look forward to much more in the future from this very talented man .
 Okay , Yes , I 'm a fan of Clay , and in being one , I like his music . I thought that this album was good for what it was . It was a teen-pop album . Anyone who watched one eppisode of American Idol , knows that Clay is capable of so much more . I do not believe that this album lives up to his potential as an artist . After listening to his rendition of `` Bridge Over Troubled Waters , '' this album lacks that energy . I would have like an album that challened Clay . But with all of this said , I still like the album .
 It 's about time someone remembered that rap is just a way for the untalented to make money .
 Clay Aiken 's debut CD is excellent and illustrates Clay 's exceptional talent . It is a remarkable experience to listen to a CD and find all of the songs to be good , instead of the usual 2 or 3 and all the other songs are hopeless , as on most albums . There are many remarkable songs on the album including Invisible , No More Sad Song - which is my favorite on the CD , The Way , a great ballad , Shine , which is another personal favorite , Perfect Day and Measure of a Man and I ca n't say that there was a bad song on the CD - impressive . I am not a typical Clay Aiken fan since I am an older man who worked in broadcast radio for many years , but I am definitely impressed with Clay Aiken 's voice and talent and the broad range of songs on his initial CD . It is certainly refreshing for an artist to succeed using only his talent , rather than using cheap sexuality and vulgar lyrics to make sales , as nearly all other current artists are doing . I hope that Clay will revolutionize the music industry - it certainly is time for a change !
 i grew up watching and listening to all the elvis movies and songs and can easily compare clay to his music . im an eclectic music lover who listens to all music like linkin park country music classics and pop , and i can say without a doubt , that clay is fabulous !!! some people dont have to like him or his music , but thats thier opinion . elvis is still getting number ones in his death but there was also a time the record companys wouldnt play his music , cause it was different i am only thirty , but i can tell you clay is a one of a kind and can outlast many of todays performers because he is talented , hes got personality , and charisma . his music has the ability to touch everyones hearts because hes not focusing on what is popular today , hes just being himself and celebrating life and love . he may have gotten his start on american idol but hes gon na be a household name in the years to come . i would recommend this album to anybody who feels love in any sense of the word . it is a truly powerful album ...
 Clay 's vocals are just amazing . Every one of the songs on his CD `` Measure of a Man '' could be a hit single . I especially love listening to `` The Way '' which will soon to be released as a single with `` Solitaire . '' I am so looking forward to hearing him sing `` Solitaire . '' I loved watching his interview last night on 20/20 . Way to go Clay . I plan to get tickets to your concert . You put so much fun and energy in every performance you give . I recommend anyone who loves to hear an `` amazing '' voice to buy this CD .
 I pre ordered Measure of a Man from Amazon way back in Oct 2003 , this CD has been in my CD player since then - I never get tired of listening to Clay 's music it 's uplifting , powerful , and just enjoyable . I was lucky enought to attend his concert last night in Wilkes Barre Penna ; his performance of the songs on his debut album have taken on a new feeling for me now - his voice in person is beyond compare -- if you can go see him do it , you wo n't be disappointed.I plan on buying his new release , and everything after that -- nobody out there today sounds like this man ; he is in a category by himself.Thanks Clay
 When I think of Clay , the first phrase that comes to mind is `` Awwwwwww ... '' He is just so cute ! And , for once , he 's a cutie who can actually sing -LRB- !!! -RRB- His voice is tremendous , and his songs showcase his voice well . I was a faithful Idol 2 viewer , and rooted for Clay from Day 1 . I am delighted to see how much he has grown as an artist -LRB- Ruben who ? -RRB- , and how he has overpowered all of the other Idols in popularity , album sales , and TV appearances.My only complaint is the lack of song variety . There 's a point where all of the songs start to sound the same , and the only reason that you keep on listening is because , well , it 's Clay!He 's my favorite Idol !
 This is a wonderful cd ! I recieved it for Christmas and so happy that I did ! I play Clays cd all of the time , my daughter really likes listening to it too ! My son says I play it too much , but it 's funny because he knows the words now and sings a long to it !!! Great cd , I highly recommend Measure Of A Man by Clay Aiken to you !!!
 It 's been a very long time since I purchased a CD and liked every song on it , and I do with this one ! Clay has a great voice , and each song has a different reason that makes it so enjoyable . The CD actually makes me happy ! Maybe that sounds silly , but it does .
 Well this is a great cd ... and it seems to me that selling the most albums and having more appearances is the REAL TEST of who is the AMERICAN IDOL !!!! Top of the billboard for weeks , and out sold all other American Idol Albums . . this is a great selection . This is a ca n't go wrong , must have !
 WOW !! I watched AI and really liked Clay a lot ! Well , I tell you , this cd is FANTASTIC ! I listen to it each and everyday !! Thank you Clay and I am looking forward to your release of SOLITAIRE coming out at the end of January !!! EXCELLENT !!!
 clay is just amazing ... what else can you say ? this CD is the perfect gift for anyone ... even guys . My dad actually asked for it for Christmas because he knew how much I love it . The songs never get old , and are so powerful . Perfect Day is my favorite song on the album , because anybody can relate to the lyrics . Invisible is also good too ... ofcourse :-RRB- .
 My Spring TV viewing revolved around Tues. and Wednesday evenings . Not for American Idol but to see Clay . Powerful , professional performances . Could n't wait for his first full length CD . I was not disappointed . Beautiful original songs that Clay made his own . His voice is the best I have ever heard.Can ' t choose my favorite song . Many of these songs are worthy of being chart toppers . Buy the CD , hear a true talent . P.S. . If you are still debating on whether or not to buy , check out the Nick At Night Christmas Special . Clay 's duet with Bing Crosby was awesome . Clay sings just as beautfully on this CD as he did on the special .
 This CD would be wonderful if not for the music drowning out Clay 's voice . I love all the songs , but for instance , in No More Sad Songs , you can barely hear Clay singing because the music is too loud and is overpowering Clay 's voice . This is the case with several songs on this CD . I agree with the prior review - I WANT TO HEAR MORE OF CLAY 'S VOICE AND LESS OF THE BAND .
 After waiting with great anticipation for this Cd to finally be released , I 'm happy to say I 'm NOT disappointed.This CD has everything for the serious music lover . If you appreciate a glorius voice coupled with beautiful lyrics and passion , you 'll want to get this CD and listen to it over and over . Each time I play it , I notice details I did n't hear previously.This is a fine collection of songs , making up what was obviously a very carefully crafted project and Mr. Aiken and everyone involved should be very proud.I 'm tired of hearing from `` the industry '' what the consumer should be listening to and what music should be considered `` art '' and what should be considered `` junk . '' This includes the media , the disc jockeys and even some of the professional music critics , which is why I think everyone is ready for a big dose of Clay !! Treat yourself with this Cd and believe me , it will leave you longing for more . Platinum - No doubt !!
 People who have appreciated Real Music for decades finally get to relive the experience through the `` Measure of a Man '' CD . The crystal clearness , unspoiled beauty , perfect pitch , and power of Clay Aiken 's voice is matched by the feeling he puts into every phrase . I am so impressed with this CD and , as much as I love each song , I 'm blown away by `` Perfect Day '' .
 This CD is fabulous ! I can not say enough kind things about his music or him as a person . The song choices are perfect for his vocal range . He gives me goose bumps , his voice is so intense . If you like Adult Contemporary music , then you will love this CD . Since I purchased it , October 14 , 2003 , I have listened to it everyday at work for the entire 8 hour day . Co-workers have asked me what I 'm listening to and have purchased it too . I can truly see this CD going Platnum ! Go Clay !!
 these songs are sung by clay aiken . enough said
 Wow ... I loved Clay all through American Idol and I love him even more now . Everyone is talking about `` The Way '' -- beautiful , yes ... i love how vulnerable he sounds on the whole CD . He really seems to feel what he sings . The song that sent chills up and down my spine was Run To Me . Clay is AMAZING on this song . I also love I Will Carry You and I Survived You . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars was beacause of Perfect Day . The only problem I have with the song is the word `` day . '' It just does n't seem to fit ... I do n't know ... I just do n't like listening to that one . This is the Night ... wow ... amazing . He 's gon na go far .
 For all the times that the release was delayed , and all the speculation on the title , what the songs would sound like , and all else , this album does disappoint a Clay fan . Clay has this amazing ability to pour so much emotion into whatever he sings , he pulls you into the song . This is especially true if you have seen him perform a song live . And despite the critics trying to pigeonhole his fan base , he appeals to everyone , and the songs on the CD do just that . I have no way to pick to a favorite , its different each time I listen to it .
 This CD is so fantastic . Great songs for everyone ! My favorite ` The Way '' also loved `` Touch '' -LRB- sounds like Marc Antony -RRB- , and `` Perfect Day '' -LRB- sounds like the Beatles -RRB- . I also really liked `` When You say You Loved Me '' , very catchy .
 My grandchildren have been talking about this Clay Aiken for months now . They are excited at every mention or sight of him . Who 's Clay Aiken I ask ? `` Gramma , he 's tooooo cool ! '' So when my grandaughter let me `` borrow '' her new CD MEASURE OF A MAN I listened to it with interest . Was this another hard beat , sexual , swearing pop album ? How pleasantly surprised I was at this man 's wonderful voice , his clean lyrics , & the enjoyable , singable rocky songs it contained . I found myself playing the CD over and over . I love it ! Finally the music industry has gotten something right ! Thank you to all those people instrumental in putting this CD together . I rest easy knowing my childchildren are listening to Mr. Clay Aiken . They will be delighted to hear that they have made a Claymate out of their uncool gramma . I suppose I 'll have to give the CD back now and go buy my own . Maybe I 'll buy several - one for the car , one for the house , one for the camper , some for gifts ...
 This is an album that I will listen to again and again . Wonderful songs sung by a great voice . `` Touch '' , `` I Will Carry You '' and `` Invisible '' are my faves . Pop music at its best !
 If he sounds this good here , I 'm going to be a hopeless puddle of goo after any album crafted more slowly and thoughtfully . It 's stylistically closer to his demos than his AI performances which will be a disappointment to some , but I adore Clay any way I can get him . Glory notes and belting are just icing . The instumental backing on most tracks is overdone , and the type of songs he likes to sing are not to my usual tastes -LRB- I am not one of the Christian Soccer Moms looking for clean wholesome pop , not that there 's anything wrong with that -RRB- , but Clay 's voice puts me in an incredibly forgiving , joyous mood.After five listens , my favorite track is most likely ` No More Sad Songs ' - catchy , rich , and so very Freddie Mercury -LRB- which is * never * a bad thing -RRB- . ` Shine ' and ` Perfect Day ' are also wonderful , possessing a depth and quality I did n't expect from 19 Entertainment . ' I Survived You ' just makes my heart swell , and though I was wary and dislike the tone of his voice in some lines , I 'm glad Clay fought for ` Measure of a Man ' . ` Invisible ' is a good choice for the first single , although the lyrics still make me laugh - but hey , it 's Clay - he can stalk me any day . I 'm not terribly fond of ` Touch ' or ` Run to Me ' , but have no doubt they 'll improve with further play.All in all , a very good , very enjoyable album . When I picked up my copy at Target this morning there were 21 copies on the shelf - 20 minutes later , on my way to the checkout , there were 2 . Go Clay !
 Clay , once again suprises me . . I have listened to this CD thinking how could he be better -- he is ! Clay 's voice , range , his use of his God given talent is astounding . All the songs are wonderful especially Invisible and Measure of a Man ! He gets better and better and I hope he has a long wonderful journey ahead . I would recommend this CD to everyone . What a great addition to every music library .
 I absolutely love this c.d. Clay 's range is just amazing , and he proves that he is truely a winner . Some favorites on the album are Invisible , I will carry you , Measure of a Man , and Perfect Day . You would have to be insane not to enjoy this c.d. I will always be a huge supporter of Clay because he has proven himself to be an oustanding singer .
 This CD was well worth the wait . Clay 's clear , crisp voice is perfect for such wonderful love ballads . The upbeat songs are really a pleasant surprise.There is not a `` dud '' in the whole CD . I was expecting this to be a wonderful CD but it has really surpassed my expectations . Now , when 's the NEXT one coming out ? Keep them coming Clay . You are truly AMERICA 'S idol and this CD 's sales will prove it .
 This is an excellent cd . I liked every song on it which , to me , is rare for any cd . Seems like they played down his `` POWER '' though if you know what I mean , still a great cd all the same .
 This CD is nothing less than wonderful . I love Clay 's voice so much . I only wish the people in charge had taken greater advantage of his awesome range . Some of the songs did n't do his voice justice , as there were parts that were n't belted out with the power we all know his voice has . Nevertheless , I 'm giving it a 5 star rating I love the guy !!
 Clay 's first CD , Measure of a Man , is wonderful . If you 're a Clay fan , it 's truly Clay . Sometimes I want to hear him belt even a little more , but he sounds beautiful and his nice guy image shows through in his music . In many interviews he has expressed his ideals and his refusal to turn away from them . His new CD proves that he 's someone who is finally ignoring what producers think people want and listening to America telling him that we like his wholesome image . The title track , `` Measure A Man '' , is beautiful . I think that he really showed us what he can do and I ca n't wait for the next album .
 This is a fantastic album . All the songs are wonderful !
 I love this album . We 've been waiting for such a long time and it 's finally here . My favorite song is Measure of a Man . It 's just a great song . Invisible and I Will Carry You are great as well . I know I 'll have this one in my cd player for months to come !!! We love you Clay !!!
 ... I have heard in a long time . An album that proves that ` pop ' really is diverse , like this one , will show the music listening audience that Clay Aiken is n't `` that runner up guy '' . With this album , he 's a winner . The album 's songs , some lyrically mesmerizing and musically astounding , are ones that will show Aiken 's audience -LRB- both pre & post American Idol -RRB- that he can sing the songs with emotion and purity . The songs themselves are not jam packed with sexual innuedno , which is a good move on Aiken 's part , cause he wouldnt be able to sing with the emotion needed for the songs if he doesnt want to sing it . The songs are sweetly written and sung with the kind of emotion and southern hospitality you can get from Clay Aiken.Therefore ... buy this album if you like the different kind of pop . Buy it if you like to hear emotional and sweet ballads and power tunes . Heck , buy it for the heck of it .
 This release is a fantastic effort that keeps true to the American Idol songs the public has heard Clay preforming . Awesome lyrics -LRB- `` Measure of a Man '' , `` Perfect Day '' and Shine '' -RRB- along with catchy melodies -LRB- `` Invisible '' , `` Touch , '' and `` The Way '' -RRB- enhance this cd . The public has a lot riding on Clay because there is a feeling of watching him grow as a performer , artist , and even a man . He has lived up to our expectations.To keep from rambling on and glorifying this effort with unnecessary acolades and praises , I 'll simply say it was a pleasure to listen to this CD . Expect a lot of Clay , the way we 've seen him before with a promise of a little something more . Congratulations Clay on a solid debut and good luck on sales .
 I was a little reluctant when I heard `` This Is The Night . '' I felt that RCA would n't do anything with Clay Aiken . I have to say `` WOW '' to his new CD . They have chosen an excellent mix of songs to show off the versatility of his voice . His voice flies through everything from adult contemporary to edgier songs with hard chords . If your looking for Clay the stereotyped Broadway singer here , you probably wo n't find it . Instead you will find a young man who has broken out of that stereotype and has proven his worth in the music industry as a vocalist . I believe that ten of the songs on this CD could easily be released as singles and potential hits . Every song is worth a listen depending on your taste . Very eclectic in one CD !
 Clay Aiken shines on his debut cd , I recommend this cd to everyone ! With unbelievable vocals and touching lyrics this cd is a definite smash hit that will serve as a wonderful platform for America 's newest superstar to start his career . My personal favorite songs are Shine , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , Touch , Invisible , and I Will Carry You although all the songs are amazing and well worth the listen !
 It was a sad day for many fans when Clay Aiken barely -LRB- and some say unjustly -RRB- missed the title of American Idol . Since the end of the series , however , record sales of his single have proven the breadth and loyalty of his fanbase . Clay 's debut album will not disappoint those who have so eagerly waited for it.Measure of a Man is , as Clay himself put it in the liner notes , a CD that reflects who he is . Full of passionate power ballads , heartbreaking `` we can never be together '' songs and even a couple light-hearted love songs , plus an encore listing of This is the Night , this CD is definetly proof positive that Clay Aiken has incredible versatility , wide and diverse appeal , strong moral standards and obvious lasting power . From the upbeat , yet emotional Invisible to Run to Me , a ballad that will appeal to any hopeless romantic , from the title track to the mellow , but in-your-face I Survived You , Clay delivers something remarkable and memorable on these tracks . Sure it has a couple moments when it gets slightly borderline cheesy , but at the end of the day , talent and great songs far overpower it . After all , one of Clay 's most appealing traits is his innocence and down home goodness . Like his fellow AI alum and predecessor , Kelly Clarkson , Clay 's CD is proof that this boy can sing anything and make it amazing.Fans from the American Idol Season 2 days will certainly be thrilled to add Clay 's album to their collection . Those who were n't fortunate enough to hear his incredible renditions of Mack the Knife , Bridge Over Troubled Water , Unchained Melody and even Build Me Up Buttercup will find Measure of a Man incredibly uplifting , moving , and yes , even just fun . It 's the kind of CD that you do n't feel guilty about listening to over and over againMy only regret is that the rating system here only allows five stars ... : -RRB-
 Clay Aiken 's debut album , Measure of A Man , blew me away the first time I listened to it . Along with several beautiful ballads , there are also some upbeat tracks that allow Clay to show his versatility as an artist . Some of my favorite songs were Invisible , the catchy , upbeat first song on the album , and The Way , which showcases Clay 's amazing voice . Overall , this is a great album which many people will enjoy !
 My house is full of Cd 's that collect dust on the shelf . This one wo n't . Every single track is a master piece all it 's own . I do n't skip any of the tracks because they are all great . I love the title track Measure of a Man . Clay 's voice is so unique and enjoyable to listen to . He has such a smooth sound that is so refreshing . You can actually understand the words and do n't have to turn down the volume so the kids do n't hear bad words . I hate to hear a 10 year old singing along about `` doing it '' , but you do n't have to worry about that with Clay . Thanks Clay for a great album .
 Clay 's singing is so sensual and beautiful . It brings out so many romantic feelings . It is beyond wonderful . I love this CD . It just makes you feel really good .
 AH ! I 've waited SO long -LRB- 5 months -RRB- for this CD , and I can not express in words HOW GOOD it is ! I just ... ca n't describe it ! All the lyrics are clean , songs are GREAT , voice AWESOME ... the whole CD is just . . THE BEST ! lol there isnt another word for it ! Wow ... i 'm listening to it for the 2nd time rite now , and i 'm loving the songs more and more each time ! I would DEFINITELY recommend this cd for anyone cuz it just . . wow . . ROX !! plus parents . . the lyrics are clean so you dont hafta worry bout your kid mouthing off swears n stuff ;-RRB- If you have n't already purchased it . . GO GET IT !! It 's worth it , i promise you !
 I think this CD is probably one of the greatest CDs I 've ever bought . I 've been a huge fan since the beginning of his Idol career and I 'm glad his CD was released first.Invisible - great song , nice tempo and I love when he sings upbeat songs . 5 stars for that song.I Will Carry You - a very emotional song , it 's great :D , it 's one of my favorites.The Way - one of my favorites , it 's awesome.When You Say You Love Me - Darren Hayes is a genius and let Clay sing his song . yayyNo More Sad Songs - ahh ... i love this song , another one of my favorites.Run To Me - reccommend you to listen to that one , that one is FABULOUS , great beat , great lyrics , great everything.I Survived You - this also has a great beat too , reminds me of a Savage Garden song , but it 's wonderfulThis is the Night - do I need to say anything?Perfect Day - my ultimate favorite on the CD , great lyrics , great voice , great everythingMeasure of a Man - my second second favorite , love the way he sings it . No wonder it 's his favoriteTouch - this one makes me laugh ... but I love it!I reccommend the CD , I think its something easy to fall asleep to -LRB- and I mean that in A GREAT WAY -RRB- , but I think this CD will fly off the shelves and I expect it to be a huge hit .
 I borrowed this cd from my 15 year old sister . I could n't help it . I had to see what was with all this hype . Is n't this the guy that lost that American Idol show ? So I went into this with low expectations and came out of it surprised . It 's a very happy cd . If you 're expecting heavy angst , there is n't a lot to be found here . If you do want some angst , look for No More Sad Songs and I Survived You . With all the breakups I had , I could totally relate to these songs . Invisible is also angsty but it 's uptempo . It has a great beat ! It 's all about being Invisible to the person you really like . The really happy and/or inspirational I Will Carry You is on it . There is a part in this song where he just sings the heck out of it . Woah , this dude has pipes ! I especially like Perfect Day . It 's another happy song , but it has a rock style . Clay Aiken sounds like a one man boy band on The Way . It 's a nice ballad . I 'm not really a fan of country music , but if you are When You Say I Love You is the song for you . The last three songs on this cd , all have different sounds to them . There is a huge variety . This Clay Aiken dude has a major pipes and a very distinctive voice . It 's a pretty cool cd . You might want to check this one out .
 If anyone ever expected this tall , skinny , white , southern boy to succeed I suggest you get them in the music buisness . Clay has proved to not only his large and loyal fan base , but to the thousands that only recognize him as that kid from American Idol , that he can sing -- anything ! Even if you arent a fan , after hearing this CD you will be . This CD has not only being a demonstration of the amazing vocal talent , but also it has been inspiring , uplifting , and an all-over CD that melts you , Clay has a power to connect with his audience in a way that was never expected , it moves people , and is an inspiration for clean and wholesome songs that the public needs . The best CD that I own , give it a shot , I promise you 'll love it .
 To all you Clay fans out there , trust me , this cd is awesome ! It 's so beautiful and inspiring . And of course , with Clay 's amazing vocals , this cd is definetly worth buying . Every song is a charm and the lyrics are great , too ! So if you 're a Clay fan , there 's really no way that you ca n't buy this cd - you have to !!! You wo n't regret it ! ... oh and Clay sooo should 've won American Idol !!!! He was the best by far !
 Amazing music , amazing singer , amazing voice . Nothing else to say but you will love this CD , also his single of Solitaire is BEAUTIFUL !! Buy it !!
 Clay is truly the american idol and should n't have lost . This is worth your money for this fine mans TRIPLE PLATINUM ALBUM !! now Ruben cant beat that !
 I could listen to this Cd all day . I love the clarity of Clay 's voice . I Love the songs on the album and I can not get enough of this mans music . Everytime I see him sing Invisible I see him get a bit more relaxed in his recording career and more sure of his abilities to sing a song perfect over and over again . Love the Album .
 This is one of the best albums I have ever purchased . I do n't skip any songs . My favorites are Invisible , The Way , I survived You and Measure of a man . Everybody in my family likes at least one of the songs on this album . Clay you get an A + + + + + for this album . I ca n't wait for your next one to be released .
 Okay-again ... The CD is great ... I listen to it all the time . . there is not other CD in any of my players !!! I love all the songs -- `` Shine '' and `` Touch '' are two of the standouts.After reading numerous reviews I have come to the conclusion that Mr. Clay Aiken is not the second coming but like the 1st coming there was a man that paved the way and I think Mr. Aiken fits the bill of `` Clay the Baptist '' ... good music , anyone can listen to and Mr. Aiken cares what is being produced for all to hear . Mr. Aiken can certainly be out there to show the music world what we want to hear !!!!! Thanks CLAY !!!!! God Bless you !!!!
 Grow up `` Agitated Reviewer . '' As a Black man , I am sick and tired of Black people who keep playing `` I am a Victim . '' If people like you would spend more time judging themselves instead of judging others and whining about the `` Black man 's plight , '' we 'd all be better off . I happen to think Clay Aiken is a better singer than Rueben . I truly enjoyed this CD . Unlike `` Agitated Reviewer , '' this CD is a winner . Oh , and by the way `` Agitated Reviewer , '' it 's `` American IDOL '' , not IDLE . Idle is what your brain is running in .
 This album is better than I expected . Clay has an extraordinary voice and the songs on this album showcase that voice . I like all the songs and listen to the the album straight through . Usually with other artists , there are songs that I skip . I highly recommend `` Measure of a Man ! ''
 I am so moved and impressed by Clay 's vocal talent . Each song was well written and beautifully sung and I believe that everyonecould claim that at least one song on the album was written with them in mind . A must have in your CD collection !
 Still tops in my book . Such a rare talent !! Clay Aiken 's do n't come around often , and how refreshing to have such a different sounding artist from the usual cookie cutter mold . He stands out among any other artist out there today . Thanks Clay !! Keep the music coming !!
 Great first album that shows all of his many `` voices '' - and if you 're just looking for the out of the park songs , IMO they are
 This is one of the best albums ever . Every song is made great by Clay 's fantastic voice -LRB- besides the fact that they have great music and lyrics -RRB- . I can listen to this CD anywhere and around anyone , including children of any age . USA Today gave this album a mediocre rating because they said it was n't edgy enough . If you have a singer with a great voice , you do n't need to have `` edgy '' songs . The singer makes the songs stand on their own merit by bringing out the best in them . That 's exactly what Clay does with these songs . Edgy songs tend to be ones with foul language or content that are not for everyone to be able to hear , such as children . That seems to be the target for today 's hit songs . However , let us not forget that Frank Sinatra did n't sing songs with inappropriate language , but songs for everyone to enjoy . He is considered one of the greatest singers of all time !! Clay 's CD makes you feel happy , not depressed and downtrodden like a lot of today 's `` popular '' music . Give this CD a listen and I 'm sure you 'll be very pleasantly surprised and entertained .
 This is by far the best pop album to come out in a long time . Not since the boy band era have pop albums come out so frequently , the difference this time being that there 's quality to those that come out . This CD has no curve balls on it . If you are thinking that he will come out trying to sell by singing R&B or punk metal ... he did not sellout to sell records . This is a true reflection of modern songs that are similar in vocal purity to his American Idol song choices . And that is why this album exceeds all expectations . If you enjoyed Kelly Clarkson 's debut , which was extremely versatile , this may be a little uni-genre for you , but it is well done . Clive Davis knew that Clay was not a talent that needed over production -LRB- coughJustinGuarinicough -RRB- to make his voice sound beautiful . Sure the vocal impurities are taken out , but that is done to every CD these days . I have read that people have thought that this cd does not showcase the talent Clay has , but I think that too many singers over use their talents and quickly make you dislike them . This CD mixes vocally challenging songs -LRB- I Will Carry You , Shine -RRB- with songs that are just plain fun -LRB- Invisible , Touch -RRB- . This album , I know , is better than anything Clay 's `` opponent '' Ruben Studdard can put out . There may not be genre variety , but there is a variety in that it is not completely ballad full . Does anyone else hear the Beatles in `` Shine '' ??? Highlights of this Album include : Invisible -- First single , very easy to get stuck in your head.The Way -- By far the most intimate and prom-bound songNo More Sad Songs -- A less R&B / overproduced Cry Me a River -LRB- the kiss off ... -RRB- Touch -- Upbeat , different from most of Clay 's American Idol daysShine -- Very Beatles like ... Make sure you pick up this Cd , you wo n't skip a track .
 Measure of a Man is a very good show of Clay Aiken 's beautiful voice ! It shows off his amazing range and nice tone ! It definitely deserves `` Best Album of 2003 ! `` The content of this CD is VERY nice and the songs are powerful , yet sincere at the same time !!! Very good selection . You never get tired of listening to his voice and songs!Clay Aiken may have not won the title of American Idol , but he has proven he can make a name for himself and do very very well!I have been waiting for this since the conclusion of American Idol and have loved his voice since I first heard it during try-outs . This CD has not been a disappointment !!
 I love this CD and love Clay even more after hearing it !
 I bought 2 cds . One for myself and one for one of my children . I am so glad I did . I would not want to share my CLAY cd . It is awesome . I am sure there will be the critcs who trash the cd but what do they know . Clay has shown that he has what it takes to make it in this business . Track 4 is my favorite , followed closely behind with Track 8 . THE CD IT FANTASTIC !!!!! BRAVO CLAY !!!! Much suscess CLAY !!!
 The more I listen to `` Measure of a Man '' , the more breathtaking it becomes !! Each song shows the incredible voice of `` Clay Aiken . '' It 's a CD that I would highly recommend to anyone !
 # 1 album of the year !!!!! At least in my opinion.The more I listen to this album , the more I love it . You can not get any better than this ... until Clay 's next album . Perfect songs for a perfect voice!Note to all Clay haters
 This strikes me a a very ambitious project , not the inane garbage a lot of pop artists -LRB- including Kelly Clarkson -RRB- put on their first album . The songs are actually worth listening to closely . The lyrics have some brain to them and the music is both catchy and complex , letting Clay showcase his voice and energy . Beleive it or not , `` This is the Night '' is probably not the best song in this collection , so if you are not crazy about that one , you will likely still enjoy this CD . I personally am a country fan , and it 's been a LONG time since I have truly enjoyed a non-country album this much . Whatever your favorite style , you will not regret giving this CD a chance .
 In response to the `` reviewer '' here that asked if Clay is so talented , then why did Ruben win ? Well , my response to that is maybe Rubens fans just dialed the phone faster . Clays fans on the other hand , are VOTING WITH OUR WALLETS ! That 's why Measure of a Man has sold almost 1 million copies in only two weeks . Get this CD , it is AWESOME . Do n't be swayed by these haters of Clay who are writing anything negative to take up space . We , your true fans Clay , are proud of you ! Keep the faith !
 That 's right . Clay 's 2 week total is now 838,000 copies of Measure of a Man sold . He 's again # 1 on the Billboard charts !! And I know why . I love this cd . Like many other reviewers , I had to listen to it a few times to really appreciate it , but now it 's the only thing I listen to in my car . I love `` Measure of a Man '' , `` I Survived You '' , and `` Invisible '' the most -LRB- I usually have to listen to them twice each time they are played -RRB- , but I do n't think there 's a bad song on the whole cd . I 'm so impressed with Clay 's debut cd .
 I absolutely LOVE this CD . After seeing Clay perform in Salt Lake City , I could n't wait for him to release `` Invisible '' . Everytime I hear it , I 'm reminded of his charisma and energy that night . I thought `` Run to Me '' , `` Shine '' , and `` Perfect Day '' were some of his best songs , `` Perfect Day '' especially shows off his powerful voice . The other two were very emotive . I did miss hearing his amazing range , like in `` Bridge Over Troubled Waters '' , but I still highly recommend this CD to one and all . I 'm already anxious for a second CD from him ; I just ca n't get enough of his voice .
 WOW ! Okay , to start off , I 've always been a Clay Aiken fan . Think about it . Who would you have as an Idol
 This is a great album for a young artists first . You can hum and sway to the music . Clay has a wonderful voice and it should be `` showcased '' better than in pop rock songs . I know he will mature and his next album will include songs that feature that voice like it did in his rendition of Bridge Over Troubled Waters .
 Ok , I watched AI -LRB- like most other people -RRB- and I actually liked both Ruben AND Clay . I was happy to see that my 2 picks had made it to the finals ... other than that , I did n't much care who won.I have now heard the albums of Clay and Ruben . Comparing the two -LRB- Dare I say it ? -RRB- you can tell that Clay actually has the better voice ! In Measure of a Man -LRB- which is a fabulous and fitting title to this album -RRB- you can hear the range in Clay 's voice and the way he can change the tone of his voice to fit the feeling and mood of each song . Only a true professional can do that.I must also say for the record that I 'm a little disappointed with Ruben 's album . It just does n't sound like it was put together very well . It could just be that BECAUSE he won AI he only could work with certain people on his album . It all could be down to which writers got who to work on which album . Personnally , I believe Clay got the better team to work on his album.Not to mention Clay just has one of those voices that could make any song good . I just do n't hear Ruben having that kind of voice-versatility . I mean , Ruben has a decent voice and all , but his album had re-makes of other old songs , some songs on there were really just awful and repetitive , and some he had to get other well-known people on there to help him sing and to help him sell the album.If you buy one of these people 's albums , I would suggest going and buying Clay Aiken 's . He is the only one of the 2 that is actually worth spending your money on . -LRB- I actually took Ruben 's album back to the store . -RRB-
 Again , I repeat why do fans of Clay Aiken have to take such abuse . Some of these reviews talk about his voice only being good for Broadway . Do any of you actually go to Broadway plays ? The voice behind the music is why we are buying this CD & why it has sold as well as it has . Get ready for more sales , as his fan base is only beginning . As to a person who would base a review on 30 second samples of music , I have listened to to CD samples of other artists -LRB- Sting 's latest for example -RRB- & purchased the CD based on those samples only to find the CD is not as good as I expected . I think the reverse could be true as well . I believe people who give this CD 5 stars like the music . You do not have to be educated in music to know what you like to hear . If you are not a fan & are n't pulled in by THAT VOICE , fine . Just say you do n't like it , but please quit saying Clay 's fans -LRB- and future fans -RRB- do n't know music . We do n't have to know music . This CD is `` The Best Pop Album of 2003 '' according to Billboard . I guess they do n't know music either .
 `` Measure of a Man '' has pulled into the station at Platform 12 . If you 're expecting a ride to Angstville via Shocktown , check your ticket . You booked the wrong trip . If you want to be taken through rolling meadows of feeling comforted , hopeful , alive ... all aboard ! If you 're hoping to be on the fast track to screeching , unintelligible vocals you 're in the wrong depot altogether . If you 're anticipating a leisurely journey through sweeping vistas of vocal range , depth and control stow your baggage and get comfortable . You 're now on the Clay Train.Clay Aiken 's debut CD will take you to a place that you may have forgotten to visit in a while . It 's that place you go to when you just want to sit back and enjoy something . You drop in to be rejuvenated and to have a respite from thinking too hard . This place is simply music that does n't require a work visa . It will welcome you and give you a guided tour so you do n't have to strain yourself to `` get it . '' All that will be asked of you is to savor it and accept it for what it is
 This is a good CD to add to the collection . It 's not going to blow you away , but Clay 's voice shines through , and the sincerity of his music overcomes the technicalized sound of the album .
 This is an awesome album ... way to go Clay ... We have waited for months for this album and now that it is here we are all learning the words and singing right along with Clay ... Ca n't wait to see him in Concert , and hear more songs from this amazing young man . He thrills all ages . . What an amazing ambassador you have . . Clay is also OUR American Idol in CANADA as well . . Please come here on your concert tour too
 This cd was what I expected , no more , no less . It 's pretty good for his debut album . I love all of the songs , except for one , `` When you say you love me '' . . and yes , some of the lyrics for the songs are corny . . while others are excellent . But , Clay 's voice is so empowering and * sigh * . . wow . . that it does n't even matter what he sings . This album is not as diverse as i would have liked it to be . It 's mostly pop/rock . But it 's nice . I recommend it . = -RRB-
 I was PLEASANTLY surprised to hear what Clay had hidden within him . I got goosebumps hearing him sing on Idol , but listening to this CD is UNBELIEVABLE !!! As far as i 'm concerned he goes head to head with today 's current pop stars and outshines them all . The songs are meaningful and sung with emotion . Being able to understand the words without a song sheet is also an indication of what talent Clay has -LRB- diction -RRB- . I 've heard that Clay is already tired of all the `` fuss '' that comes with being a star ? ; I hope , our my sake , that this wo n't be his only CD and that he will be around performing awesomely for many years to come .
 I totally agree with Rewards and Disappointments . Clay is a phenomenal talent , but once again is somewhat drowned out by background music ; this was also true with Bridge Over Troubled Waters . He has performed a few of these songs on TV and they are absolutely beautiful . As always , he does a great job and I would recommend this CD , but I hope the next one emphasizes the range of his voice and tones down the pop-rock background that sometimes makes him sound like he is under water . Clay only needs minimal accompaniment -- we want to hear his beautiful voice . He clearly is destined for super-stardom !
 I had no expectations from runner-up , Clay Aiken of the talent show phenomenon American Idol . SO I was quite surprised after listening to his new cd . Its great work for a first outing -LRB- a quasi-amateur at that -RRB- . Throughout , the album carries strongly with passion , emotion and some down right good song writing . Clay 's vocal talents are obviously demonstrated on every song . Standout songs include Invisible , The Way , and the title track . Most memorable of the album for me is the last track , Touch -LRB- co-written by Cathy Dennis -RRB- . Here his vocal style is most natural , free and understated -LRB- the subtle deepness in his voice -RRB- ... I hope he follows in this direction . Clay reminds me of a male version of Mariah Carey with the potential to have just as great of a career as hers .
 I love this album . Every single song is a hit and I ca n't pick a favorite song because my favorite keeps changing every time I listen to the album . I highly recommend it to everyone .
 This cd is wonderful and Clay really proves himself on it . Every song is very catchy and vocally he sounds amazing . I 've been recommending this cd to everyone -LRB- they all love it -RRB- and I hope that Clay is around for a long time . Bravo , Clay !
 I could n't wait for this cd to come out , and I bought it right away . Clay 's voice is amazing , but some of the songs are kind of lame . Maybe if he wrote his own songs , they would be better . Overall though , Clay 's voice is fantastic and the way he sings the songs is really touching . It 's a great album with a variety of music types , and completely worth checking out .
 Ca n't listen to this enough !! The more you listen to it . . the the you love it . If you like clay Aiken . . you will love this CD .
 I 'll preface this by saying I am a diehard Clay Aiken fan . I 'm strictly a fan of the voice and a fan of the man . I am not a fan of American Idol . I did not watch American Idol , I watched Clay . It was Clay 's voice , his charisma and his grace that appealed to me and I am a disciple of that voice.I 'll qualify giving this album 4 stars instead of 5 by saying that I enjoy it but know that there 's room for improvment . As is customary with ALL pop albums , this one is overproduced . The lyrics of several songs also border on the mundane . Pleasant and uplifiting , but nonetheless pretty mundane . This can be improved upon on the second album -LRB- God willing ! -RRB- Shocking to me was the rock edge . These are mid-tempo epic ballads with a sort of retro 80 's rock edge . The vocal styling is less theatrical and more edgy and gritty than I would have expected from Clay . The title track `` Measure Of A Man '' is the exception . Also shocking is the last track , called `` Touch , '' with a very sensual lyric and vocal affectation that I would not have ever imagined Clay successfully rendering . But does he ever!My favorites are the epic `` Perfect Day , '' the Beatle-esque , retro `` Shine '' and the easy going and ever so slightly ` country ' influenced `` When You Say You Love Me . `` If you 're looking for clean , feel-good , epic rock love ballads performed with a uniquely substantial and able-bodied voice then this is the album for you.It 's not a perfect album . It 's not a stunning album either . But it is a good album and an admirable 1st attempt .
 I just do n't understand anybody who did n't like this CD . I love every single song . These sweet power ballads are just awesome !! A voice like Clay 's makes me smile . Why he was a runner-up , I have no idea.You have to get this CD , because each of the songs have great hooks , melodies and tempos . I ca n't just pick one favorite . I encourage everybody to get this CD and dance with your loved one . I read a review where someone said that Clay lost his `` soul '' . I could not disagree with you more . It is his soul that makes these songs work and make them powerful.Whoever reads this review , I encourage you to buy this CD and give it a try .
 I 'm not just a Clay Aiken fan . This CD is VERY VERY good . I listen to it over and over . People of all ages will love it .
 Love the songs over and over and over again !!!! Thanks .
 The material on this album showcases Clay 's awesome voice . I had to listen to the CD multiple times over a few days to really appreciate the fresh material and his attention to detail with regard to his ` restyling ' his voice to a more modern rock sound .
 I just totally love each song , and still can not decide what is my favorite . Leaning towards MOAM !!! Just a very talented singer , with an amazing voice , which is just so powerful , yet , soft . Absolutely is the best CD . His voice has brought me back to music , and I hope with all my heart , he goes far ! Totally wonderful !!! Thank you , Clay Aiken !!!!
 This album is one of the best this year . It really brings out Clay 's amazing voice and range . It is a double platinum CD and deserves to be . Best I 've heard .
 Let me start by saying , I love Clay 's voice . I love Invisible , and I just wish there were more `` pop '' type songs like it . All the other songs on the CD are more of a ballad genre . I like ballads , but I do n't need 11 of them . That said , I LOVE `` The Way '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' has a catchy chorus . Clay 's voice does n't seem to hit the same high notes that he did while he was on AI 2 , -LRB- it seems a little toned down -RRB- but that is probably due to all the stuff they do to his voice in the sound/editing room . All in all , it is not Clay 's fault for the songs they gave him to sing . I hope `` The Way '' is his next single release . It is a great ballad , and its been a while since mainstream pop has had a good love song out there ... -LRB- probably since Clay 's `` This is the Night ! '' -RRB- Overall , way to go Clay !!!!
 Clay Aiken 's debut CD is a real gem , a perfect collection of songs that suit him , his style , his voice and his personality . And , unlike the talented Justin Guarini 's disappointing CD , they did n't alienate his AI fans by totally changing his musical style and image from romantic crooner to hip-hop street punk.I expected that maybe half the tunes would be good , as is often typical , but every single song here is totally listenable , fresh and enjoyable - with the exception of the excrutiatingly overplayed `` This Is The Night , '' which I would be happy never to hear again.With an irresistible combination of a powerful yet nuanced voice , a charming , witty personality , and a refreshing sense of morality and decency , Clay Aiken is a force to be reckoned with in the music business , and even though he technically lost the AI competition to Ruben Studdard , Clay , in every other way , has clearly emerged the true winner . Keep your eye on him , he 's sure to be going places , and do yourself a favor by buying this CD - you wo n't be disappointed !
 I listened to this superb CD all the way to Walter Reed and back home . I found myself singing along with Clay Aiken even though I did n't even know the words yet . I particularly liked No More Sad Song , I Survived You , and Perfect Day . The tunes are catchy , Clay 's voice is heavenly , and he has just the right amount of passion in each song to make it work . I do think that some of the background vocals and music could be toned down , but it did n't ruin it for me . I liked the CD more each time I heard it . It 's a great beginning CD for Clay and just the first of many for this incredible young man . You Go Clay !!!
 I love eveyone of the songs on this CD . The voice of Clay Aiken is refreshing and mezermizing . I 'm amazed that in this day and age with the stuff that 's out there that an album such as this is even possible . The music and words are beautiful and very reminiscent of music from the 80 's . There is actually hope for music today , thanks to Clay Aiken .
 This cd is great , his voice is infactuating . I bought this cd and immediately bought one for my entire family . I recommend this cd to anyone , who wants good happy music . Who would have thought me , a fan of death metal , glitch , and trip-hop would have listend to a clay aiken cd , and liked it.Of course i 'm lying though .
 I found this CD to be the best collection of music I have purchaed in years ! Clay Aiken = AMAZING ! His voice touches your heart and soul . This man is going places ! Absolutely great CD.Cannot pick , out of all the songs . which I like best , they 're all so good !
 This cd by Clay is the most refreshing thing I have heard in a long time . The way he uses his voice and the range of it is amazing . The songs might not be up to the music indusrty 's standards but Clay has truely kept to being the person he is and each song is a wonderful example of that . Each song fits together and it just leaves you haunted by the lryics and this man . Its a great cd and I would recommend it to anyone . My favorites are `` The Way '' , `` Measure of a Man , '' `` Touch , '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' but the whole album is great !!! Nice job Clay !!!!!!!!!
 This is a first , truly a first ... The FIRST time I purchased an album that had NO throwaway songs . Every single cut is fantastic . Some are edgy , some are inspiring , some are lyrical , fun and upbeat ... But all are just beautifully pleasing to the ear -LRB- and the heart -RRB- . Clay Aiken ... you sure deliver !
 This is truly the best CD that I have bought in a very long time . I followed Clay Aiken all through AI2 , loved the first single , was a little worried about the debut CD ! I was so `` blown away '' by the songs , his voice , and the fact that his character comes through every song . What an incredible way to start a career ! I am anxiously awating the next CD that he puts out . Thanks Clay , you have shown us that singing is still alive !
 I have heard numerous people write reviews saying that they wish different songs would have been on this CD . I have one question and that is why ? What are wrong with the songs on the CD ? Personally I love the CD and I think that Clay did an amazing job on each and every song . His voice shines through on all the tracks , just like his voice shines on any of the songs he sings . There should be nothing changed on the CD , it is amazing . There is variety from him expressed on the tracks , there is a little difference in some of the songs compared to what he sang on A.I. , but overalll the CD is CLAY ... and is n't that what we all wanted ? Keep up the good work CLAY , your work is GREAT !!!
 Clay is the best ! It was worth the wait . I love all the track on the cd . I am very proud of you clay . You gave my Daughter , who is a slow learn ... to work hard . You gave her the confindent , not to give up . Dream do come true . We are very proud of you.ThankShelby and Famliy
 In more ways than one , there is no comparison between Clay Aiken and Celine Dion 's voice . Celine has been singing longer and she has the talent to back it up . Clay , however , is just starting out and if you compare his first album with Celine 's first you wiil see that he has a voice that will be heard years from now .
 I 'm sick of the critics describing this CD as `` vanilla '' and stating that Clay does n't put himself into it . Well , vanilla happens to be my favorite flavor and who are they to say who Clay is . I think this CD is dang near perfect . I like the sentimentality and romanticism of the lyrics , something we are in need of in these times , and the songs are a perfect showcase for his amazing voice . Listen to the songs a few times and you wo n't be able to get them out of your head . `` I Will Carry You '' is an especially fine song for Clay 's vocal range , but I ca n't pick a favorite . I love them all .
 I love this CD ! I have n't stopped playing it since I got it . Touch and Invisible are my most favorites ! Anyone interested in listening to a golden voice , try out Clay ! Judge for yourself . Everyone has their own favorites , and Clay outdid himself here for me . When You Say You Love Me is great as well with even a country feel to it . I have never had an album before where I liked ALL the songs like this one . Awesome debut I want more .
 I am SO enjoying this CD . My favorite track varies from day to day . Today it is Measure of A Man . Yesterday it was Invisible . Clay 's voice is just amazing . Maryanne
 Cranky Reviewer does n't know what he/she or IT is talking about , IT must be tone-deaf . Hey , this CD is already DOUBLE-PLATINUM in it 's first week ! Way to go , Clay !! This CD is the best that I have listened to in a long time . I ca n't recommend it enough . Go out and buy it , it 's well worth ANY price.I LOVE CLAY !!
 I absolutely LOVE this CD ! I 'm 37 years old and Clay moves me to tears . His voice is amazing , and personally , the man just emanates goodness . I love all the songs , though the I think the title track has become my favorite . Clay is a gift !
 FINALLY ... A cd I can listen to all the way through , over and over again . I rarely buy albums because I grow weary of hitting the next buttons to get to the one song I like . Not so , with this one . I love them all . Go get it . Do n't listen to the naysayers with their blistering comments because they did n't have the chance to promote this incredible , measure of a man , Clay Aiken . I am insulted by the music critics who think they can dictate what America should like in music . We are entitled to love Clay , without guilt , as he has earned our respect with his great voice and moral standards .
 If you want to listen to good music with words you can understand and relate to , you must buy this cd . Clay Aiken has a voice that is just so pure , so strong , I can enjoy listening to music again !
 This is the best yet of any music I have heard from anyone . His voice is just absolutely great . I enjoy every song on the CD . I have my favorites `` I Will Carry You '' and `` Touch '' . Of course , I love every one of them . Great job Clay . We in North Carolina are so very proud of you ! You 're the greatest !
 Clay 's CD is great , fresh , happy , addictive !
 BEAUTIFUL ... Absolutely beautiful ... the song `` The Way '' should be a number one hit for weeks ... it 's never been so beautiful ... . THIS song along with most of the others is wonderful . Clay has proven himself AGAIN !!!!!!
 I 'm so glad that Bridge Over Troubled Water was left off of this , because that chorus totally overpowered his voice . I was n't going to buy this cd because I thought they would do the same thing here . The power chords are still very powerful , but they do n't totally overpower his powerful voice . I love it when he wails out part of the song . I like that he can also have a fun song to just dance to .1 . Invisible-Totally hot song with some weird lyrics . It 's all in how you interpret it . It has a good beat and it 's very catchy . A2 . I Will Carry You-I 'm not totally crazy over this song . It starts out with a whimper and ends with a bang though . He does n't use his powerful voice here , and pretty much sung with a whisper . I do n't like it until it gets to the bridge and he hits a money note . I would have given this a C + if it were not for that power note . B-3 . The Way-Soulful love song . A-4 . When You Say You Love Me-This one is a little different . It 's got a country pop sound . It 's also very catchy . A5 . No More Sad Songs-Definitely very different . This one is raw , edgy , and rockish . Something I have n't heard from him before . One of my favorites . A +6 . Run to Me-Clay Aiken at his best with this ballad . His soulful , rich , and powerful voice comes shining through . There are some sexy growls too . A7 . Shine-This one is not one of my favorites , but it 's still ok . B8 . I Survived You-Another edgy-ish song with a good hook . A9 . This is the Night-You have heard this one already . B10 . Perfect Day-One of the best songs on the cd ! Rock edge and a little Beatlesque . I love this one ! A +11 . Measure of a Man-Another great song that Clay gets to showcase his powerful voice on . A +12 . Touch-Very different for Clay . Sexy , uptempo song that has a latin edge to it . A +
 We knew he was really the american Idol . FOX Fix
 this cd rocks ! clay has an AMAZING voice ! i think one of the best songs on this cd is `` the way '' - makes me shiver , gives me chills ! that , and the fact that my 17 month old absolutely LOVES clay -LRB- he sits completely still when clay sings -RRB- makes this a very vital cd ! : o -RRB-
 and I wish that no back-up singers were used , as his voice stands alone , and does n't need any `` enhancing/help . `` I hope on his next album Clay will sing more acapella songs , that have a wide range to show off his voice , without any back-up singers and loud music . I want to hear the real/raw voice of `` Clay . `` You 're still number one with me!Clay , I wish you all the best , please do n't let Hollywood `` corrupt '' you . Stay your humble self.Blessings to you !!
 THERE ARE NO REAL WORDS THAT REALLY FIT THIS YOUNG MAN . HE IS WHAT I HOPE MY THREE SONS WILL ONE DAY BECOME . `` GREAT '' NOT ONLY FOR THE GOD GIVEN VOICE BUT FOR THE PERSON THAT HE IS . I JUST HOPE HE WILL STAY THAT WAY . SOME PEOPLE WILL NOT UNDERSTAND THIS REVIEW BUT ABOUT 10 MILLION WHO HAVE WATCHED THIS BOY BECOME A MAN RIGHT BEFORE OR EYES WILL . THIS ALBUM HAS BOUGHT SO MANY PEOPLE BACK TO THE RECORD STORES BECOUSE CLAY KNOWS THAT THEIR ARE OTHER PEOPLE WHO INJOY MUSIC WITHOUT HAVING TO LISTEN TO THE JUNK THAT IS PUT OUT TODAY AND SHAPE OUR CHILDRENS MINDS . FOR THE PEOPLE WHO WILL PUT THIS CD DOWN JUST THINK ONE DAY YOU WILL BE THE PARENT.THANK YOU CLAY FOR BEING YOU . YOU HAVE NOT ONLY TOUCHED MY LIFE BUT YOU HAVE CHANGE THE WAY MY BOYS NOW FEEL ABOUT WHO THEY COULD BE .
 I am a HUGE Clay Aiken fan and I am excited to tell all the people around the world that Measure Of A Man by Clay Aiken is an AMAZING CD ! MOAM is the ONLY cd where I liked EACH and EVERY song on the CD . Clay Aiken is THE role model 4 all children , teens and young adults out there , I know that he 's my role model ! :-RRB- Buy Clay Aiken 's cd !!!!!!!!! This CD is TRULY worth listening to !!!!! I ca n't wait until Clay comes out with another CD . His voice is amazingly powerful and sounds great ! My favourite songs are Measure Of A Man and The Way . All of Clay 's songs speaks to you in a different way , and this CD gives personal inspiration to everybody out there . This CD reminds everybody of why they wanted him to win American Idol ! But , true role models do n't need a title in order to be the best ! :-RRB- Bye Clay Aiken 's Measure Of A Man ! It will be the best CD you will ever have ! : -RRB-
 I own many CD 's , but this is the first one where each and every song is a pleasure ; no skipping to look for a better number ! There is such clarity in his versatile voice and in the lyric . Wonderful .
 What a wonderfully refreshing treat ! An album with an artist who can actually sing and words you can actually understand and share with your entire family , including the kiddies . Clay 's incredible voice is showcased by the best musicians and arrangers in the country and his soul shines through on every song . From the beautiful ballad `` The Way '' to the happy , upbeat `` Perfect Day '' , each one is a hit in the making .
 Clay 's voice soars to new territory on this CD , particularly on songs like `` Touch '' and `` Run to Me '' and `` Invisible '' , which could otherwise be categorized as ho-hum pop music , if Clay was n't singing them . The lyrics are a little corny , but Clay makes them sound sincere . The vocal range of most of these songs is not very great , and thus they do n't properly show off Clay 's unique tenor to-die-for voice.I wish that the `` experts '' who molded some of these songs would have kept their involvement in the project to a minimum , and left the songs pure , instead of processing them with pop synthesizer sounds . I can hear that on any modern day pop album , and it is not very special . On the other hand , I can only hear Clay 's voice on a few CD 's . And his true voice is great enough that it should n't be crowded by synthesizer warble .
 The majority of us who went to high school were n't ` cool ' ` popular ' ` jocks ' or ` cheerleaders ' . . To me that is why Clay is so AWESOME.His voice is out of this world and his smile can light up the room . So while Clay is singing his heart out I have to wonder where are the cool , jocks , cheerleaders today ???????? YOU GO CLAY ! this is the best CD I have ever owned ! I look forward to hearing anything and everything you come out with . . God Bless You and Yours ...
 From a woman who does not like Pop Idols , this is a fantastic CD . I have n't enjoyed an album this much since U2 's Joshua Tree . Clay 's voice is so moving and real . I would recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys good music and wants to see a good person be succesful with his wonderous gift . I wish him the best .
 This CD actually surprised me with its variety of song offerings ... from tenderly powerful to light and cheery . Anyone with a taste for clean , positive and heartfelt pop music WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED . This CD certainly made a fan out of me . Highly recommended .
 Everytime I listen to Clay Aiken 's voice I get chills . Everytime I hear him harmonize I get goosebumps all over . I know I sound crazy , and that 's because I am ! I love him ! His music speaks to me and this album is AMAZING ! It 's fantastic !
 Having followed the success of Clay Aiken from American Idol , I can truly say he is absolutely incredible . I 've not only enjoyed his live perfomances on/off the show , but have been playing this CD continuously since purchasing it on the release date . It 's a rarity these days to find someone with not only enormous talent , but who is also true to himself . I love each and every track on this CD and feel Clay shine -LRB- s -RRB- -LRB- also a great song -RRB- , through every one of them . Let 's hope he re-releases his older demos ! Amazing voice , amazing person . A big THANKS to Clay for such an enjoyable accomplishment . ~ Ca n't wait for the next one !
 what can i say about this cd ? other than its the best cd i have ever boughten in my life ! clays voice soars during all the songs ! he is ultimately the best singer i have ever heard in my life ! when he sings the way i melt ! when he sings measure of a man i die ... ! and when he sngs everything else i go crazy ! i absolutely LOVE this CD ! and i think everyone should buy it ! its so worth all the money ! i love u clayy hehe !
 This is a great pop album . There have n't been many male pop singers out there lately , and Clay definitely tops them all . His voice is pleasing to listen to , and even though most of the material on this album is pure pop , it 's not that cheesy , very catchy and I find myself singing them in my head all the time .1 . Invisible -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - Great first single . This song 's so catchy and upbeat , there 's a club mix out there that 's fun to dance to as well .2 . I Will Carry You -LRB- 4.5 / 5 -RRB- - I did n't catch onto this song until after a few listens . It sounds very dark but Clay 's voice really soars in the chorus and gives it just enough emotion .3 . The Way -LRB- 4.5 / 5 -RRB- - Beautiful ballad , romantic .4 . When You Say You Love Me -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- - More upbeat , also very catchy . Has a country sound to it .5 . No More Sad Songs -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- - This one 's just okay for me . It has a nice melody to it , but also dark like I Will Carry You .6 . Run to Me -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- - Another nice song , melody and lyrics .7 . Shine -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- - This song 's okay .8 . I Survived You -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- - The lyrics are a bit cheesy , but Clay 's voice carries this song through . Another song that sounds like it 's in the minor key ; I always have this stuck in my head .9 . This is the Night -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - Okay , this is the ultimate American Idol-ish song , but you can tell Clay really believes in it . It 's a good first single for kicking his career off .10 . Perfect Day -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - I love this song , everything about it is great . Very pop , I wish this could be one of the singles he puts out .11 . Measure of a Man -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - This is my favorite in the whole album . Very soft , and the lyrics have a lot of meaning , especially for Clay . Very emotional .12 . Touch -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - Great song to end the album with . Also wish this would be a single , it 's a bit faster like Perfect Day , has a nice beat , very pop and catchy .
 Even if the material is not the best , Clay more than makes up for it with his spectacular voice . Buy this cd , then listen to the kind of voice that only comes along once in a while.Happy listening ! : -RRB-
 Beautiful ... simply beautiful . I loved this CD . Slow songs , upbeat songs , and songs that make you want to start singing along . I like too many songs on this CD to name my favorites.I think Clay Aiken is a great person . He sets a good example for kids who people-whom-I-will-not-name have turned down the wrong road.The only thing I would say that is bad about this CD is one minor swear word in one of the songs.I would recommend this CD to anyone . American Idol lovers , music lovers , people who just want good music ... like I said , anyone.P.S . Please do n't make bad comments on this review in your own . That 's not very nice .
 I got this CD the day it was released , and I still listen to it every day , all day , every chance I get . I purchased -LRB- did n't burn -RRB- one for my car , my office computer , my CD jukebox , and my home computer . I also made a mini disk version for traveling , and I keep another one in my purse for when I 'm visiting someone and they want to hear GOOD MUSIC ! I love the CD , I love Clay 's voice , and I love Clay!My favorite songs are , Measure Of A Man , I Will Carry You , Shine , I Survived You , When You Say You Love Me , Run To Me , No More Sad Song , Invisible , This Is The Night , Touch , The Way , and Perfect Day . Oh my , that 's all 12 songs , imagine that , I guess they are all my favorites !!! -LRB- grin -RRB- Buy it , you really wo n't regret it !
 These fans of other artists come on here and diss Clay because they 're bitter and jealous of his popularity . Their idols are n't as popular as Clay and they ca n't stand it.They are not reviewing the CD as they 've never heard it.This is a great CD and a great showcase for Clay 's talent . I wo n't review all the songs as people have already done that in depth . If you want a real treat , do yourself a favor and get this CD . You wo n't regret it . The people that love it are actually the people that have bought the CD and listened to it .
 I brought this album after hearing about all the hype surrounding Clay Aiken -LRB- Yes even we know who he is over here -RRB- and I have to say that I have n't stopped listening to his album , usually , when I purchase an album by an artist , I rarely like all of the songs . However , there is not one song on this album that I do n't like.If you like this type of music , then check out Will Young 's '' Friday 's Child '' Album -LRB- He was the original Pop Idol -RRB- . Listening to this album proves why Clay Aiken has done as well as he has in the States , I just hope that he brings his talent to the UK soon .
 There is something about a man with big feet , big hands , big heart ... . but seriously the most important in this instance is the big voice . I purchased this CD when it first came out and have not stopped playing it . At first I thought the songs sounded similar , but the more I played the CD the more distinctive they became . My favorite remains The Way . Run to me and Measure of a Man are close seconds and that 's where you hear the strongest emotion . Really not a bad track on the CD . Not the best CD out today , but very enjoyable and I look forward to his next full album with stronger songs . He will be one of the artists whose CD I buy even before I hear any tracks . He exudes plenty of emotion on this CD , however , it really shines through in some cover songs I 've heard him perform such as Little Drummer Boy with Bing Crosby , Give Love This Christmas , I Will Follow You , and of course , Solitaire . Highly recommend this CD to those of you who like this type of music . . but it appears word of mouth is also working because the CD is still selling , including a significant increase during Christmas week .
 This CD is spectacular ! It is one that you can listen to from the start to finish , without skipping over any tracks . There are no clinkers . `` Invisible , '' `` When you Say you Love Me , '' and `` Touch '' are catchy pop songs , with great hooks . `` Measure of a Man '' is a wonderful ballad that Clay sings beautifully . This fantastic CD also includes the hit he sang on American Idol , `` This is the Night , '' which won the Billboard Award for Best Selling Single of the Year . One of the best songs on the CD is `` Shine . '' It has haunting lyrics that include : '' ... Like a broken angel on the ground , Like a symphony without a sound ... Everything you are , Everywhere you 've been , The sinner and the saint that fight the battle within ... `` It is no wonder that Clay Aiken won the American Music Award for Fan Choice , or that his CD went double platinum in one week , outselling Ruben . Neil Sedaka and Dianne Warren love him , as do the millions of Claymates . He is never pompous about his overnight success , but modest and always very personable . That is probably why he won the TV Guide Award for Favorite Male Reality Star , instead of Ruben . I strongly recommend this CD !
 The first time I saw him and heard him I said he is the AI . His voice just surprised me and i was amazed could n't believe it was coming from him . I could listen to him sing all day and he can sing just about anything . To me there is n't one bad song on the whole CD everyone of his songs is great . Usually you like one or two at the most on any one CD album , but his they are all really great . I think he will be around for quite a while . He has the personality and stage presents , he never seems nervous he is just comfortable with himself . I bought his CD and I play it all the time , I love the one song called TOUCH I hit the repeat button and listen to it over and over , it is romantic song but I really like the whole CD and when he comes out with another I will buy it . I bought this one and my husband bought one of his own and he plays it all the time also . We are definitly CLAY Aiken fans forever and always . Ca n't wait for his next single . I really like his video INVISIBLE I watch VH1 just watch his video . All the girls just scream and some look dreamy eyed . There is just something about him and that voice of his . You would n't go wrong buying this CD , you would get your moneys worth and enjoy it alot .
 I usually do n't spend my money on CD 's but this one was worth it . I have enjoyed listening to Clay Aiken since the moment I heard him on American Idol . His voice is absolutely amazing . The same can be said about his songs on this CD too . There is not one on the album that I do not like . I would definitely recommend this to my friends . I look forward to many more hits from Clay .
 If you are among any people who are still on the fence about buying this CD , it is time to jump off ! Do n't rely on anonymous reviewers and so-called critics to pass judgment on this marvelously produced and totally satisfying debut by Clay Aiken ; buy it yourself and listen to it ; judge for yourself . Listen -- really listen -- to it every day , and you will see that Clay is upbeat , then sorrowful , then proud -- all ranges of emotions ; and , day by day , you will hear a marvelous talent with an amazing expanse of vocal ability.Are there other artists out there with this amazing quality?Maybe a few ; but how many CD 's are there out there with words you can actually understand and at times relate to ? Not many.So what if his burgeoning career began on Reality TV ?? Talent is talent and there is no doubt it exists in this `` Measure of a Man '' . If you like good music , expressive singing , and just an overall exceptional listening experience , then buy `` Measure of a Man '' . You wo n't regret it .
 Just to inform you that we have great taste in music from England too . This is truly a wonderful album . Not one song dissapoints and all the tracks showcase Clay 's fantstic vocal abilities . I may have had to import this CD from the American site but beleive me it was well worth it . This guy has serious talent and it will not be long before he is the big international star that he deserves to be .
 I would give this CD 25 stars if there were such a rating . I absolutely LOVE it !! I was one of Clay 's AI fans who hoped that he would include Solitaire and/or Unchained Melody on this CD . Now that I 've heard it , I 'm glad he did n't ! There 's plenty of time for him to do `` covers '' . This CD is brilliant ! I bought 3 CDs - one for my office , one for the car and one for home ! I ca n't get through the day without listening to it several times - I actually feel deprived if I ca n't listen to it at least twice ! He has such an amazing voice , and he sings all the songs with such emotion - the reviewers who gave such negative reviews surely did not listen to it at all . In fact , I can not listen to just one or two songs from it - I have to listen to the ENTIRE CD each time I play it ! I ca n't pick a favorite song - they are all fantastic . There are wonderful love songs - `` Touch '' is very sensual and `` The Way '' is very sexy as well but in a romantic not vulgar way ! `` Run to Me '' is also a winner . But then , I would have to say that about `` Measure of a Man '' and `` This Is the Night '' and on and on . There just is not a bad song on the album ! I do n't believe I have ever owned an album before where there has n't been at least one song that I could easily skip over . That is not the case with this collection . Clay has such a wonderful range and puts such passion into each and every word . You feel as though he is singing to you and you only . I have not experienced such feelings from listening to an album since the days of Elvis !! Clay has EVERYTHING !! I do n't care if the DJ 's wo n't play his songs - I wo n't listen to the radio ! Who needs radio when I have a CD player ?? Then I can listen to what I really want to hear - Clay and only Clay ALL the time . I can hardly wait for his next CD and I most certainly will buy 3 copies of it - and 3 copies of EVERY CD he records . In the meantime I will wear all 3 copies of this CD out and may have to purchase more ! Wo n't that be a shame ?? This young man is truly on a `` rocket to the stars '' as Diane Sawyer stated . And by the way - his live performance is ELECTRIC !!! Whatever you do , DO NOT miss a chance to see him perform live !
 I ca n't understand why some people are bashing this perfectly wonderful CD and the immense talent of its singer . What do these so-called `` critics '' -LRB- or `` bashers '' -RRB- think real music is -- someone rapping in nonsense or screaming inaudible and offensive lyrics ?? Clay Aiken is a breath of fresh air in this day and age and deserves the accolades he receives . Everyone with the money should spend it on this perfectly wonderful album -- not waste it on the mainstream of trash .
 This album is not too edgy nor is it complete schlock . It does n't hit you over the head with sex and swearing , but it does not go over the top in the smaltz . There are some songs that manage to be edgy and sexy , mainly because they do n't try to be . This is pretty much just a fun cd . You can sing these songs in the shower . Touch is a very smooth song . With it 's hip hop/latin rhythms , this song should be a hit . Invisible is pretty catchy . When You Say You Love Me will get you going . It 's a country pop song that could really go eitiher way . This is the Night is stuck on here . That is not one of the best . If you really want to hear something sexy , put on Run To Me . He sings in his gorgeous and deep lower register . There are plenty of key changes in this one . Listen to that and The Way and Perfect Day . You 'll be impressed with the range . Perfect Day and No More Sad Songs have a rockin edge . The songs on this cd could be better . Hopefully , Aiken will further try out hip hop and country .
 I gave this CD 4 stars because it is a GOOD album , but not a great one . Many readers have probably already read that it is overproduced and the background music -LRB- although some of it is more like noise -RRB- tends to drown out Clay 's voice . It is otherwise up-tempo and a good listen.And furthermore ... 1 . To Christy Lemire in her 10-16 Associated Press review and her remark that Clay looks like the `` love child of k.d. lang and Howdy Doody '' , I say , excuse me , but what 's the point ? Critics who pat themselves on the back for their I 'm - so-clever-and-I 'm - so-hip-because-I-said-that little-ditty are neither . You have no idea how silly and transparent you make yourselves appear when you rely on pointless and inane comments that have nothing to do with the talent of the individual in question . Those who lack substance and true creativity have a need to rely on gimmicks with juvenile undertones to spice up their writing and make them disingenuously appear `` hip '' .2 . And to the `` music fan from Philadelphia '' who posted a one-star review titled `` WIMPY ! '' and also called Clay Aiken `` howdy doody ''
 Clay Aiken is a true talent ! His voice rivals some of the greatest singers . This CD is truly a masterful showing of his talent . He is the TRUE American Idol !
 I thought the ballads and pop songs on Clay 's newest album are outstanding especially I will Carry You , Shine and Measure of a Man . The more I listen , however , the greater my enjoyment of all his songs ! I would highly recommend it to anyone over 40 who has become turned off with a lot of the pop music now on the market . He is refreshing and will go far in the music industry because of his wonderful talent to lift the spirits of his listeners .
 Whether or not you are a Clay fan , this Cd has a lot to offer . He starts off with his new song `` Invisible ! '' This song says what a great deal of us would do if we `` only '' could . That is to say that we 'd love to be a fly on the wall and watch that special someone to see if they 're thinking about us . `` I Will Carry You '' is a marvelous song about protecting the loved ones in our lives . The third song on this Cd is called `` The Way '' and I identify with this song . It 's the `` Way '' that you love me and the way that you tease me . The 4th song on this album is just OK . He sings about love and is it true ? `` When You Say You Love Me '' is a good song to slow dance to . This song also showcases Clay 's range and ability as a singer . `` No More Sad Song '' is the way this is written on the label . It is n't No More Sad Songs . '' I think Clay had some input on this song . Perhaps he felt this way ... that he 's felt this way about someone special in his life . `` Run to Me '' is a great song on this album . I love the melody and love the background work . Plus Clay has a wonderful `` saucy '' voice for this song . The 7th song on this album is `` Shine . '' This is not one of my favorite songs . I do like the vocals on this song . However , # 8 `` I Survived You '' is an excellent song on this CD . After all , have n't we all Survived something in our lives ? Love this song . `` This Is The Night '' was the ending song on AI2 . Clay does a spectacular job in singing this song although this was on his single CD . Still it shows his charisma that we saw on AI2 . `` Perfect Day '' is one of those `` hit '' radio mixes that might just work here . It is a song that has all the dymanics for Radio Play . Now let 's get down to the CD 's title ... Measure of a Man ... and yes , I can see the jokes coming which is why RCA did n't want to call this album that ... but after much censoring and ideas from others , this is what I get from this song ... every man and woman should listen to this song . It really does put the problems in marriage these days onto a microscope ... Alas , none of us are perfect but we can work it out and let 's really look at what our priorities are . This song is one of my favorites ! The last entry of songs on this CD is `` Touch ! '' Clay has said that he wo n't sing songs about sex or use profanity in his songs . So I was actually amazed that this song stayed on this album . However , I found this song to mean that even the smallest of touches could mean that between 2 human beings who needed someone there just to touch them and to show that we care for our friends as human beings . Also sinve Clay wanted to be a teacher of Autistic children he could mean the gentle touches of understanding . As I measure this Cd , I must admit that I really do love the songs on this album and that I 'm totally amazed at this man 's vocal strength . His vocals are absolutely wonderful and unlike most of the music in this age , he can actually carry a tune and you can sing along with the lyrics . That 's remarkable considering that most `` Hip Hop '' musicians can only put in the `` F '' word to get their words across . That is very `` shocking '' considering that now we have Clay Aiken to idolize ! This CD has now gone `` Double Platinum '' which means there are some listeners out there who really do care about the vocals and lyric 's of a song . Thanks Clay for a wonderful CD . I 'm looking forward to your next one .
 He 's wonderful ... it takes until about halfway through the CD before you get there though . No More Sad Songs is the begin of best of the tracks , but believe me once you get there it 's heaven from there on out . The Measure of a Man is how I measure and his voice rings a clear as a bell . Keep on ringing and singing I look for many more CDs from Clay !!!
 Fantastic CD - I love all the songs . Measure of a man , The Way and Run to be are my favourites !
 I bought this cd along with clay aiken 's single Solitaire last week . He has voice of an angel and I love how articulate he is when he sings with such passion from his heart and soul . WOW do n't miss this one , he is awesome .
 THIS is the AI CD to buy ! Great voice , great songs . Unlike the overrated one released this week which is the ALL-SQUEAKS CD of all time !
 When I first heard it , I loved it , no doubt ... but I did n't know if it was for the cd in and of itself , or because it was Clay , -LRB- I am very proud to be a huge fan of Clay 's -RRB- and I had waited for what seemed like such a long time for it . So I listened again , and then put it on random , and once the random started , I realized that I was singing with every song . When I give my friends their copies , I tell them to listen to it 3 times before they tell me what they think ... and everyone of them has told me it is now one of their favorite cd 's ... when they ride with me , or I ride with them , the cd is on , and we all sing along ... and now many of the friends I bought the cds for are buying it for their friends . Its a wonderful cd ... one you can let kids listen to , and learn the words and SING the words . You can crank the cd up for some power , or turn it down when you need background music . It is truly a fantastic 1st cd ... ca n't wait for the next one . I am glad that he did n't include the covers the fans wanted ... because that leaves us more to hope for on the next one . Its hard to choose a favorite , because each song hits a place at various times , and I will hit the `` back '' button to hear a song over and over , or just a part of that song . I always keep it on random , because it is the only cd I listen to now . And as a footnote , I have yet to push the skip button !!
 At first I thought it was pretty good ... really that Clay 's voice was the strong point . But the songs really grow on you . I 've listened to it over and over , and I keep changing my mind about which are my favorite songs . Definately an album to buy ! I hope he gets better backround productions the next time around . A stronger backround would have made this an all-time great .
 it wasnt what i was hoping for , maybe more powerful ballads to showcase his awesome voice , but the more you listen to the songs you will like them , they all have a hook and his voice comes through to feed your soul . i do want more powerful ballads without all the background vocals on his next album but as they said on the show , clay could sing the phonebook and it will be great . buy the album , it will not dissapoint -- run to me and measure of a man are awesome !
 I have to admit that I bought this album wanting to love it because I loved Clay Aiken so much on the show . I loved his voice and he seems like a very kind and good person . And though I wo n't go so far as to say it 's the best album to come along in years , I enjoy it . I especially enjoy `` Measure of a Man '' , `` The Way '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' . I am a little disappointed that he does n't sound exactly like the Clay I heard on the show . It was that voice that made me buy the CD . However , he does sound great , and I would definitely consider the album worth a listen .
 I loved hearing him singing on the show and im so glad this cd is out because its just great.There isnt a bad song on the cd but how could there be with his voice !! You have to give the cd a try i love it !!!!
 Okay maybe not really , but this CD is great . As a Christian I am so happy to see another Christian able to make an impact on the world with music , and Clay does just that . While his songs are not of the `` Christian Genre '' it 's refreshing to listen to a CD without feeling that the only `` cool '' thing to do is do drugs , have sex , and basically become a juvenile delinquent . A definately must hear for any music lover !
 i just want to say this is the most relaxing cd and the best singing i 've ever heard , I would recommend it to anyone it 's awesome
 I have to admit I was a bit skeptical about buying this CD at first . I had n't watched AI 2 but had heard by word-of-mouth and various reviews/articles about Clay Aiken . I also heard `` This is the Night '' and BOTW and was impressed . I bought the CD and was instantly won over !! THIS GUY CAN SING !!! How refreshing it is these days to hear someone like this in contrast to other music in the mainstream . All of the songs on MOAM are fantastic . I LOVE IT !! SO WILL YOU !
 Do I like this CD ? You bet I do ! Like most of the reviewers here I play it everyday and have yet to tire of it . Clay 's voice resonates its way right into your heart . However , the is one point that I would like to make here and that is - Regardless of whether Clay Aiken ever sings another song , records another album , wins or loses , receives another award , applause or accolade and regardless of whether he receives good or bad reviews , it in NO WAY diminishes from the Measure of this Man !!!!! He and his album are awesome ! Clay stands alone and apart from the rest . Thank you Clay Aiken and Thank You God for this gifted and talented individual . I am sooooo grateful and I am eagerly awaiting your next and next and next albums . Way to Go Clay and Happy 25th Birthday !!!!!
 I think all you have to do is just really listen to Clay 's new CD -- some of the songs would not necessarily be my pick for Clay to sing -- but his powerful pure voice overcomes all of heavy music on some of the songs . Wonderful CD on the whole -- I 've bought several and plan to buy several more for gifts . The more you listen to the CD , the more the music will `` touch '' you . Measure of a Man , The Way , I Survived You are my favorites -- although , I really like them all.My hope is that on his next CD will be Unchained Melody , Solitaire , Do n't Let The Sun Go Down , and an old song of his called I Know How the River Feels .
 While I can not say I absolutely love every song on this CD -LRB- because a couple of them sound similar -RRB- and would ideally rate it 3.5 stars , I can say it 's got a few very good tunes on it , which makes it worth buying . `` Invisible '' is easy to listen to , and the title cut , `` Measure of a Man , '' is one of the CD 's strongest efforts and my personal favorite . If you never got around to buying his Idol single `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' w / `` This is The Night , '' they 're included here and are an added bonus . Basically enjoyable and a must for any fan of Clay !
 Clay 's new CD is so wonderful that I ca n't find the words to describe it , his voice is so beautiful and the words to all the songs touch my heart , they are so uplifting !!!!! Clay is awsome and so is his CD !!! I highly recommend this very much !
 I loved Clay 's first CD but wish better songs would have been chosen . I remember Neil Sedaka said he would give him the rights to Solitaire and would have liked to have had that on the CD . The songs chosen did not do justice to his talent .
 I am a great fan of Clay Aiken , but the reason I like him is because of his unusual voice and sound . I do n't think this album showcases that style and sound in the way it could . He needs to get more orginial sounding songs and stay away from the Backstreet Boys/trendy/pop stuff . He 's just too good for it . Good job , Clay ! But you can do so much better . Think Elvis Costello or Lyle Lovett . Two very orginal singers who have real staying power . Not poppy but real music . `` Invisible '' will be a hit but it wo n't keep him around for 50 years .
 I love this CD ! I listen to it over and over again - there is not a cut that I do n't like ! It is so refreshing to listen to a CD where you can HEAR the singer 's voice , where you can sing along , where you can understand the words . No violence , gangs , drugs , guns here - I LOVE IT ! Who needs more hip hop , more gangsta rap ? I WANT A SINGER WHO CAN REALLY SING - and that 's Clay Aiken . He is the best singer to come along in decades - ca n't wait for his tour and his next CD !
 Clay delivers a fabulous cd . Thankfully he has wonderful songs to showcase his voice . This album is not a kitchy `` American Idol '' cd but a full blown showing of this young man 's amazing talent . This is the best cd I have bought in several years . It is for teenagers to us older generations . Well done Clay . You did it !!!
 I 'll start by saying that I do n't watch `` American Idol , '' so I bought this CD NOT because of the hype , but because I think he has an amazing voice . While `` Invisible '' can be considered the new stalker anthem , it is also UNBELIEVABLY catchy ! Now , Clay does fall into certain pop pitfalls that come inevitably with not writing your own music , i.e. , singing some very CRAPPY songs , albeit well . We 'll just pretend that `` Touch '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' did n't happen . Other highlights , in my opinion , are `` This Is the Night , '' `` I Survived You , '' and the title track , `` Measure of a Man . '' Feel free to go out and get this CD ! However , if you 're like me , you 'll still have to deny it when people ask you if you have it ...
 I was anticipating this purchase . I only wish Amazon had gotten it to me by Oct. 14 ... I hated to wait ... but it was worth it . He sounds just like I hoped he would . I like all the songs . My favorite is `` The Way '' -LRB- at least for today -RRB- , but my favorite can change with my mood ... I do n't dislike any of the songs at all and listen to it every chance I get . It is an album of hope , survival , and going forward for self and for others . I love Clay 's voice and attitude . The songs are varied and show that he can easily fit into the crossover country genre , as well as pop and adult contemporary . He should also do a Christian album . He has so much to offer and is true to himself . I will listen to this CD until it is worn out , I am sure !!!! CONGRATULATIONS , Clay !
 InvisibleThis song is a mid-tempo pop song with a slight rock edge that makes it definitely an interesting . Its lyrics , as previously suggested by many fans , are a bit creepy , as they talk about `` watching you in your room '' and being `` a fly on your wall . '' Its basic message is not totally clear , but he 's singing to his girlfriend and he wishes he were invisible so he could watch her all the time . I am in love with this song . The combination of pop and rock is absolutely perfect , it 's catchy , and Clay 's beautiful voice is perfect for this song . Clay and his managers would have been idiots not to make this a single . This is Clay 's first single off this album and there is no doubt in my mind that it 's going to be at # 1 for a long time . A+I Will Carry YouThis song is a good , solid , well written power ballad . It talks about him saying he 'll always be there for his girlfriend , and no matter what , he 'll `` carry you . '' This song is really good and it seems just a solid addition to the album . It 's not the strongest song , but not the weakest either . It 's just plain good Clay . B+T he WayThis song is a sappy love ballad , which we 're of course not surprised to see from Clay.It has a good beat , but it 's relatively repetitive and not terribly exciting . One of the weaker songs , but not its not worth it to reach over and hit the NEXT button . OK song , good singing , ok addition to the album , not puke-inducing but no one is jumping up down . CWhen You Say You Love MeAn medium to up-tempo song . I find myself tapping my foot or bobbing my head to this one . It 's pretty good , but again nothing ground-breaking . Imagine a sappier `` Tell Her About It . '' There ya go . BNo More Sad Song -LRB- s -RRB- I love this song . It talks about Clay getting over his former girlfriend , and so he ai n't singing `` No More Sad Song . '' It 's a medium-tempo pop/rock song with a strong beat and the lyrics are very strong . Very solid addition to Clay 's debut CD . It may become Clay 's second single . A+R un To MeThis a good song , yet another medium-tempo pop/rock addition . It 's grown on me a bit since the first listen and I expect it 'll continue to do so . BShineThis is a weird , unconventional ballad . It 's different from anything else . I do n't really know how to really explain it . It has some weird notes that are purposely out of the key and sound really cool . Overall , it 's a solid addition to the CD . B+I Survived YouOne of my favorites . It 's very lyrically powerful . Clay injects tons of emotion into this song of heartbreak and getting over his girlfriend . He sounds very angry when he needs to and it 's perfect . Great song , fantastic singing , I love it . A + -LRB- By the way , if you take the lyrics one way , you could say that he 's surviving the critics that think he will fade into nowhere . You show ` em Clay ! -RRB- This is the NightClay 's first single ever . You know , on the single I loved it , but now with all the new material , it gets kind of lost . It 's also a different cut than the single , and in this case it 's a bad thing . He gets out of breath on the last note and kind of gasps for air , which did not happen on the single version . Still a great song though . BPerfect DayI LOVE THIS SONG !!! My definite favorite on the album . It is just perfect . It is yet another pop/rock medium tempo but this totally stands out . I especially love the chorus ... -LRB- BUM ! BUM ! BUM ! -RRB- `` IT 'S GON NA BE A PER-FECT DAY ! `` I love this song with all my heart and soul . If this is n't his second single ... there 'll be trouble . A + + + Measure of a ManThis is a nice , pretty pop ballad with just the tiniest bit of rock . I believe it 's about Clay sending out a friend of his with advice about when she 'll know she has the right man . I think . It 's definitely very good . I especially like the big , flashy , key change . It 's grrrreat ! A-TouchThis is a weird song for Clay . It 's like an up-tempo dance/pop/whatever love song . I like it , but it 's not one of my favorites . B1 . Perfect Day2 . Invisible3 . I Survived You4 . No More Sad Song -LRB- s -RRB- 5 . Measure of a Man6 . I Will Carry You7 . Shine8 . When You Say You Love Me9 . Run To Me9 . This is the Night11 . Touch12 . The WayIf I would be guessing right now I would say anything from 1-6 are game for singles . Invisible we know is the first one , I 'll guess that Perfect Day and No More Sad Song -LRB- s -RRB- will probably be 2nd and 3rd . OVERALL GRADE
 Last review , I talked about this album and the strong vocal talent that Clay gives to the songs . He sounds much better on this first album than he ever did on TV . But beyond Desmond Child , Andreas Carlsson , Steve Mac , Cliff Magness , and others the best kept secret on this album is Bob Clearmountain , who 's known for producing Bryan Adams ' '80s hit albums and mixed most of Aiken 's debut ! Clearmountain brings that big sound to Clay 's album and the album recalls some '80s power ballads without overdoing it . That familiar Clearmountain sound is what also drives this album and was also instrumental in making it a major seller on the music charts . Invisible sounds very close to something Bon Jovi would do with the big choruses and the loud guitars ! This album is catchy in most places as it does n't get out of your head . Aiken could be the next most successful male pop artist because he has the personality and poise for it . He is a threat to anyone right now if he records future albums because fans love him , especially adult women and other demographics . Though Clay 's a little shocked at the unexpected sales success and fame , he needs to take every opportunity possible out there . This is not an `` American Idol '' album to me as they want to promote it -- this is very dynamic pop music album on its own strengths , on its own merits ! Just superb both vocally as well as musically !
 Clay Aiken has come from a prayer by all American Moms . To give us something good for our kids to listen to , that is also respectful and down to earth . America needs more pop stars with Clay 's value 's . His voice is behond belief how can anyone that hears it not love it?Elizabeth
 I purchased this cd on its release date , Oct. 14th , and it is still in my cd player , its that good ! No skipping tracks either , every song is great . Clay 's voice is phenomenal , his pure and natural talent just shine throughout this cd . This debut cd has hit triple platinum in 5 months and that should tell you the world has embraced this young man 's talent . FINALLY , a truly gifted artist that can sing , something that is rare in todays music industry . This one is a keeper for sure . Best music purchase I have made in years ! 5 stars plus !!
 Again I have to put in my opinion -- I have had this CD since 10/14/04 and am still listening . It is refreshing to have music that I do n't have to try to figure out what is being said or worry about the words being said !!! Mr. Aiken has a great voice and a lot of talent . He can only get better . With his new tour just a short way off I think America will show all the doubters waht they want and it is CLAY !!!!! I will continue listening and buying his music !!! I appreciate all the reviews and realize not everyone is going to like Mr. Aiken and that is okay . I for one really enjoy his music and ca n't wait to see him in concert again . If you have not seen him in concert you do n't know thet whole truth of Mr. Aiken !!! He is AWESOME !!!!
 Clay Aiken has a great voice ! Invisible is a major hit ! I hope we we will hear more from him !
 Before I bought this cd , I already knew Clay had an amazing voice -- but WOW ! Beautiful ballads , especially `` Measure of a Man '' . `` Invisible '' was a great first single that got a lot of radio and tv play . No offense to Ruben , but Clay 's single was much more popular , and I think he should have been the winner . Good job , Clay !
 He Surprise me in `` American Idol `` he is cool!Buy This cd why the Clay is wonderful !
 Even though Clay was runner up on American Idol , he proved his talent and ability with this great album . If you like pop/adult contemporary music , this album has something for you . The album starts off with great songs such as `` Invisible '' , `` I Will Carry You '' and `` The Way '' , and the latter two will be singles for sure . The country-pop of `` When You Say You Love Me '' leads into the almost intense `` No More Sad Song '' . Then comes the beautiful `` Run To Me '' and the inspirational `` Shine '' . This is followed by the great `` I Survived You '' and Clay 's # 1 single `` This Is The Night '' . Then comes a trio of simply wonderful tunes
 I have been waiting for this CD to come out and I was not disapointed . Although I agree with some of the other comments about the songs being `` over produced '' I think Clay did a great job of making them his own . I will continue to buy his CDs for years to come .
 If you 're an Aiken fan , then this CD is a must have ! I love his voice , especially on The Way , which is my favorite song on the CD . I agree with the other reviewer
 I know I can review this cd because I have listened to it -LRB- and not just once -RRB- ! It gets better with each listen as all great music does . There is not a song on this cd this is not someone I know 's fave . It is extremely easy to listen to and the cd has you singing and humming and smiling and it feels great !! Is n't this what music is all about ? If you can open up your mind and your ears , you will LOVE Measure of a Man and Clay Aiken !
 I love every song . Each song is so unique and versatile in melody that I play it several times a day . Ca n't seem to get enough of him . Also bought the Christmas cd . Best songs are from Clay and Kelly , all the rest are ok .
 The wait for Clay Aiken 's CD was definatly worth it ! This is my favorite CD ever . I love every song on it . If I had to pick a fav it would be ` The Way ' but I love them all . I listen to them all day , every day !!!!!!!
 Love the CD . All the songs are great . My favorite song is `` When You Say You Love Me '' . I listen to the CD over and over , especially that particular song . Clay has a fantasic voice , that I could listen to all day long . Hope he does great and stays around a long , long time .
 For a first cd ... this one definitely does not dissapoint . I have played this cd nonstop since I got it . My favorites are `` The Way '' and `` Measure of a Man '' . However every song is awesome in every way !! Good for you Clay !! Do n't let the critics beat you down !
 Billboard Magazine had it right ... This is the best pop album of 2003 . Great songs that highlight Clay 's talent well ... A must buy filled with potential hit songs . The album pop music has been waiting for .
 I am a part of those `` deeply-out-of-it '' who recognize great music from this most remarkable man . No , I do n't fit in any of those demographics but I am head-over-heels in love with The Voice and The Man . He 's not a sell-out , he stayed true to his convictions and we get an album that I enjoyed very , very much.I love `` The Way '' , `` MOAM '' , `` Perfect Day '' and `` WYSYLM '' . BUY THIS AND BE PART OF THE REVOLUTION .
 I 'm 38 years old , and thought my days of breathlessly waiting for an album to be released were over , until I saw Clay Aiken on AI . I eagerly anticipated listening to MEASURE OF A MAN , and it does not disappoint . It is pop music in the best sense , and Clay 's soaring voice conveys the emotion behind the lyrics . My particular favorites are `` When You Say You Love Me , '' `` I Survived You , '' and `` No More Sad Songs , '' but there is nary a bad cut on here . The A&R department deserves kudos for finding him songs worthy of his powerful and distinctive voice -LRB- a voice that I would rank up there with Tom Jones , kd lang , and Raul Malo -RRB- . My only complaint is that Clay 's voice is often buried in the mix , rather than front and center . I 'm somewhat disturbed by stories that Clay 's label , which primarily represents rock acts , has no interest in their star artist . And , his rabin adolescent fan base may cause some to dismiss him as another teen idol . Do n't make that mistake . Fans of pop music and timeless voices will not be disappointed .
 WOW !!! I love this cd !!! I listen to it over and over again ! I am so excited for Clay , this cd has gone DOUBLE PLATINUM in just 1 week !!! Billboard Magazine says Clays cd Measure Of A Man is the BEST pop album of 2003 !!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND buying Clays cd , and sugest pick up extras , Clays cd will make WONDERFUL Christmas gifts for friends and if you have kids . . for thier teachers !!! Thank you CLAAAAAAAAAAAAY !!!!!!
 The only thing better than listening to this incredibly good CD is watching and hearing Clay Aiken perform live . Since that 's not possible on a daily basis , I am nonetheless content to hear that glorious voice every day on my CD player . All the tracks are wonderful and a favorite is hard to choose . At this moment I especially love The Way and Touch and Shine and When You Say You Love Me and ... you get the picture .
 Love every song on this cd . It is great
 Received Clays CD and have almost worn it out ! Just great - great voice - great music - great words !!! So nice to finally have a man who can sing !!! A young man the youth can look up to!I recomend this CD to all ages - you will love it !!
 Clay has a wonderful , unique voice which most singers do not have . It is hard to believe that such a beautiful comes out such a tall skinny dude !
 My son surprised me with this CD a as a gift . He knows that I was particularly taken with this unassuming gifted performer during his stint on AI . I coul n't be happier with this CD ! I love the rock/pop feel of `` Invisible '' especially the line , `` If I was invisible ... wait , I already am . '' Those simple words so expertly evoke the feeling of utter helplessness and lonliness of unrequited love and longing -LRB- the improper grammar notwithstanding -RRB- . I think every teenager in the world can relate to it . The beautiful ballad `` The Way '' is destined to play a part in thousands of proms and weddings across the country . It 's an expressive and poignant accounting of how a man intuits and expresses those three little words . `` I Survived You '' is a haunting celebration of moving past the heartache of love come undone . `` This is the Night '' ; well I have to respectfully disagree with the AI judges because this WAS the perfect song for the finale , and I think it is absolutely gorgeous and full of emotion . This one gives me goose bumps every single time I hear it , although I thought the live version had more raw emotion . I also like the upbeat , lovin ' - life feel of `` Perfect Day '' . The funky back beat rhythm of `` Touch '' had me instantly tapping my toes and wanting to dance . The only song I feel does n't really work on this venture is the title cut `` Measure of a Man '' . I do n't feel that it resonates with emotion the way the others tracks do , and it does n't seem to fit his voice or his style.It is disturbing that so may people seems to want to label Clay as the `` next Barry Manilow '' -LRB- although I think the songs on this CD compare as easily with those of The Backstreet Boys or Insync -RRB- . He is who is he is ... a great singer with heart , sex appeal and an adoring fan base ! From previous reviews it is obvious that there are those who believe Clay should be ashamed or disregarded for winning ` his shot ' . How Clay got this amazing opportunity is completely irrelevant . What matters is what he does with it . His creation and support of the Bubel/Aiken Foundation , which is dedicated to bettering the lives of young people with developmental disabilities , demonstrates the true ` content of his character ' . Although I voted my little fingers off for Clay during the show , and was SORELY disappointed when he did n't win , I would not say I thought it is a great CD if I did n't truly feel that it is . This one is a MUST HAVE if you enjoy this man 's voice!Bravo ! Clay . You have done your fans proud !
 Like everybody else , I rushed out to buy Clay 's Album . It took listening to it twice to start catching on to the songs . Like others , I wish there had been a couple more songs that I had known . There are a couple though , that I think will be hits . Congrats Clay ! I look forward to your next album !
 good for a first album . :--RRB- very happy about it .
 ... I 'm a bit disappointed with the choice of songs on the album . I think the strongest songs are No More Sad Songs and Shine . I actually think No More Sad Songs will be a huge hit , and the record producers would be fools indeed not to release it as a single.I know , as a loyal fan , that I and millions of others would have loved to hear the songs we were teased with on AI , such as Solitare and To Love Somebody . This is what I was hoping for , and I ca n't believe I 'm alone in this.But ... I still very much enjoy the album , but it could have been so much better . I agree with the woman who said it sounded `` trendy '' . I 'd like to see an album from Clay that embraces him , and not just be a pop platform .
 Refreshingly different from today 's mainstream POP music . Clay has a beautiful voice -- but it gets washed out sometimes by the overproduction of the background music/vocals . I would love to hear Clay do the complete version of `` To Love Somebody '' like he sang it on AI . Although `` Invisible '' and `` Measure of a Man '' are getting all the airtime on tv and radio , this CD has other songs that I think are much better -LRB- try tracks 5 and 12 -RRB- .
 i think clay is really talented but not as good as ruben . clay is best at singing ballads and the slow songs but he is also pretty good with Invisible . Invisible is one of the best songs on the cd . i think more people should appreciate and buy ruben 's cd though .
 No matter how many times you listen to this CD you are astonished by the strength and purity of this man 's talent.All the emotions are here , displayed with style and class .
 What an assault on the senses this guy is !! I have not heard such an irritating voice since Neil Sedaka and the fruit from Journey . No wonder Neil Sedakasaid Clay Aiken was so great . This guy has the personality of a wet mop and has a voice that sounds like a horrific combination of fingernails on a chalkboard and puke hitting toilet-water at the same time . God has to have a special spot in Hell for the people who produced and promoted this tripathon .
 Clay Aiken is best experienced LIVE with him singing in his beautiful voice and you standing in the crowd ... for those who were not lucky enough to catch him live , this CD is as close as it gets . The beats and music are are little different and better live , but this is still a great CD ! I would buy this album in a heartbeat if I did n't already own it .
 This cd is really cool ! I love the songs , Invisible , The Way , I Survived You , Touch , etc. . You should check it out !
 Okay , so it is pop , pure and simple , but Clay lends a refreshing voice and attitude to this hip-hop half naked generation . And what a welcome change it is . While the material on this album is n't what many of his fans were hoping for , his voice never disappoints . His talent is undeniable and the sales of this CD speak for themselves . My one true disapointment is the exclustion of & quot ; Solitaire & quot ; , a song he made his own on American Idol . I am so pleased that it will be the & quot ; B & quot ; side of & quot ; The Way & quot ; single -LRB- being released tomorrow , 3/16 , so run out and get it !! -RRB- Clay is a one of a kind talent and a true American treasure .
 I think this C.D. is the best . I bought it the day it came out , and loved it . I 'm writing my review a bit late because I have been so busy listening , and singing along to Clay Aiken 's Measure OF A Man .1 -RRB- Invisible - A great hit , wonderful song2 -RRB- I Will Carry You - Wonderful , great song3 -RRB- The Way - Great hit , outstanding song4 -RRB- When You Say You Love Me - Great song , something you may be a bit shocked he would sing5 -RRB- No More Sad Songs - Wonderful song6 -RRB- Run To Me - A great song with passion7 -RRB- Shine - Great song8 -RRB- I Survived You - A great song , believeable about break-ups9 -RRB- This Is The Night -LRB- bonus cut -RRB- - What can I say about this song ? WONDERFUL ! 10 -RRB- Perfect Day - Great song , with great lyrics11 -RRB- Measure Of A Man - Great song , all guys should add up to the lyrics12 -RRB- Touch - A great song , you may be shocked Clay 's singing something liek thisO.K . I hope this review is helpful for you ! Enjoy your Clay Aiken , Measure Of A Man , C.D.
 Finally a male vocalist comes out with a pure pop album that just send me to heaven . There are a few weak songs that stops me from giving this 5 stars . But there are some gems here such as `` When You Say You Love Me '' . Great album and wishing him more sucess .
 I bought this CD the first day it was out and have n't stopped listening to it yet . Each & every song is awesome . Clay will go far with his singing career . He has been the BEST out of all the American Idol 's so far . He 's unique , has a heart and has a voice of an angel . We love you Clay ...
 This is deffinitely a wonderfully sweet and upbeat albumfrom an angelic sounding young male : -RRB-
 I have never reviewed an album before , let alone on Amazon 's website , but I must say that this album is everything I was hoping for and more . Yes , I guess I 'm a Claymate , but I 'm not the `` grandmother '' or `` housewife '' that people seem to catagorize as comprising Clay 's fan base . I love all types of music and chuckle at the snobbery that exists with regard to Clay and his unusual rise to fame . He is an amazing talent with an incredible personality that shines through in his music . There is no need to categorize or justify enjoying an album that is catchy , pleasant and easy to sing along with . I find myslef popping it into the car CD player specifically for the purpose of removing the stress of the day from my shoulders . He absolutely makes me smile , and this album is terrific . Absolutely terrific .
 I PITY THE FOOLS THAT BOUGHT THIS ALBUM !! DO N'T WANT TO HEAR NO MORE CLAY AIKEN !! IF I HEAR THE SONG ` INVISIBLE '' ONE MORE TIME ... I AM GOING TO GO TO LA. . AND FIND THAT LITTLE TOOTHPICK WHITE BOY AND BREAK HIM IN HALF !! UGGG !! DON `` T BE MAKING NO MORE RECORDS CLAY !! I PITY YOU IF YOU DO !!
 I love this cd . I have found that I just want to listen to it over and over . I ca n't wait until Clay has another cd out .
 Okay , I admit it , I was pulling for Clay from the moment I saw his first appearance on AI ... but in my wildest dreams , I never expected an album this good .
 Clay Aiken IS a breath of fresh air . I have listened to this CD over and over . Each song has beautiful lyrics and with Clay 's amazing voice to sing them , you ca n't go wrong ! It has been many years since I have purchased a CD that I do n't skip over any songs . Clay is the best new artist and role model who has come along in years ! Vote for him to win at the upcoming American Music Awards on November 16 ! Simply the BEST !!!
 More great songs by the Clay Man . Every song is sooooooooo good . The more you listen , the more you want to listen ... so buy it , you 'll be glad you did . If not , I 'll send you my address and you can send it to me !!!!!!!!!
 Clay Aiken 's debut album is absolutely incredible . Every song is good . Invisble , I Will Carry You , Measure of a Man , just all the songs are wonderful . His voice has so much range . The songs are ones you can listen to over and over . Buy this CD , you will not be disappointed . Clay Aiken has a refreshing sound and will be around for a long time .
 Measure of a Man is a great CD . Clay 's voice is great and his songs are brilliant . Just as I expected . I wish him continued success .
 I was nervous that Clay 's debut would be a rehash of the Idol songs ... Glad to say its full of GREAT new songs ! I can honestly say that I love them all ... Great job Clay !!!
 There are very few CDs I 've purchased that I have loved every song on and listened to over and over again and not tire of hearing . This is definitely one . How could you tire of this man 's voice ? It is absolutely amazing . Can hardly wait for the next CD to come out and the tours to start !
 Wow ... It 's wonderful . Like other people have mentioned , I truly enjoyed every song . His voice is amazing and each song has plenty to be praised for . I have to say that my favorites are The Way and I Survived You and Touch . . tomorrow it might be different . Some people criticize American Idol , but when my two favorite cds are Kelly Clarkson 's `` Thankful '' and Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man , '' they must be doing something right . Enjoy !
 AWESOME !!!! I have never bought a cd that I loved every song . Usually there are at most 3 but there is not a bad song on this cd . I believe Clay will only get better and better . When RCA sees his following and his appeal to the public and lets him loose , there is no telling where he will go . There is nothing he ca n't sing , this is obvious , some of the words on a couple songs are hokey but the way he sings them is mesmerizing . Nothing short of FANTASTIC .
 Wow ! I went out and bought this without even worrying that I might not like it . That is extremely unusual for me . I supported Clay all through American Idol 2 . He has an awesome voice and seems very down to earth . I knew this cd would probably be great . Clay did n't let me down . This cd is great ! I ca n't pick a favorite song , I ca n't decide . Right now the first 3 tracks are my favorites , but I also like `` I Survived You '' . Every track is amazing . If you are a Clay Aiken fan go now and buy the cd if you have n't already .
 Clay has the most amazing voice in the world . It seems that any song he sings just gets better each time that you listen to it . I will be a fan of his forever.I highly recommend this cd to everyone out there . If you have n't caught the Clay fever yet , you will after listening to this cd .
 Clay Aiken 's first album is a treat for his fans . His voice carries you away to a place where love is new and a man is measured by his trueness of heart . Be prepared to spend quite some time listening . There are no fast forward songs on this album .
 My goodness , I was hoping for a Great Album from Clay ! WOW !!! I sure got it !!! This album is full of Excellent songs ! It is hard for me to pick a favorite song , because they are all so Fantastic !!! The Title Track , Measure Of A Man is so beautiful , and The Way , my goodness !!! Perfect Day is so awesome , and well , Touch , you have to hear that and you will be in AWE !!! Great Great Album , Glad I ordered a few extra , I was so right , this album is going to make Great Teacher Gifts , and Wonderful Christmas presents !!!! Thank you Clay for making this album !!! My cd player is very happy , and so am I !!!!
 Way to go Clay !!! I find it hard to believe that this CD will be considered a `` freshman effort '' since it is his first . Clay sounds so comfortable and pitch perfect with all of the arrangements and this gives the listener the feeling that you are listening to a much more seasoned entertainer . I understand that Clay stood his ground with producers while making this CD and did things his way which in the end proved to be the `` right '' way . Clay Aiken has also proven with the making of this album that he is not a flash in the pan artist but a new `` musical messiah '' that we have been patiently waiting for since the eras of Sinatra , Elvis and The Beatles have now faded into the music history books . Finally RCA has listened to the masses and given us an artist that is truly talented and does n't feel a need be half dressed , gyrating and yelling out vulgar lyrics in order to get the audience to listen . I would be hard pressed to say that I have a favorite because after listening to the CD a couple of times I find that I like them all . Clay , like myself , is a native North Carolinian but this would not have made a difference in how I view his music if it had been substandard . My suggestion to anyone thinking about purchasing this CD is go ahead you will not waste your money and to Clay all that I can say is `` Well done Native Son '' .
 I have been listening to Clay 's new CD , Measure of a Man non-stop since purchasing it . It is the best CD I have heard in years ! Clay 's extraordinary voice touches my spirit . Some of the songs have a real pop rock edge and others are beautiful love ballads . Congratulations Clay on a great debut CD ! I know it will be # 1 on Billboard .
 Clay can do no wrong songs , his voice is pure and clear . I love the older standards and hope he will do more next time , but this is a great CD .
 Wow ! What a fine debut album ! First , kudos for Clay not having any duos on his first album -- he stands on his own . Clean lyrics , powerful deliveries . `` Touch '' is particularly catchy . Measure of a Man is powerful . Professional critics have been really tough on this initial album of Mr. Aiken 's . What is that quote ? I ca n't remember it exactly , but it 's to this effect
 Overall , I 'm very impressed with Measure of a Man . While I agree that there could have been one or two songs that display Clay 's full vocal range a little better , I still like all of the songs that made it onto the album , and I 'm already looking forward to hearing more of his work .
 I have been anticipating this CD for quite some time and have to say it is even more than I had hoped for . It is an absolutely fabulous work by one of the most talented entertainers I have ever heard . I think there is something for everyone here . Clay 's beautiful voice in ballads , `` Measure of a Man '' is so heartfelt . There are some great up-tempo songs , `` Invisible '' and one of the best surprises for me `` Touch '' . I found myself dancing without even knowing when this song came on . Ca n't stop listening to Clay 's debut efforts . Looking forward to following this exceptional artist and person for many years !
 I do n't think i have ever listened to an album so many times in my life , and this is just in one day !! This is excellent , fabulous , beautiful stuff here . What more can i say ? ... Thank you clay .
 This CD exceeded my expectations . Clay 's voice is amazingly smoothe & pure , something rare in American Pop these days . His consistancy takes you through each song and leaves you appreciating the gift of voice once again . Clay definitely has been blessed with this gift and it 's encouraging to know that the next generation might just have a chance of knowing what real talent is ! I loved every song on this CD once I actually got past Track 3 `` The Way '' . My first time listening I repeated it several times before even listening to the whole CD ! What an AWESOME song , and perfect for his voice . If I had to pick just one thing about this CD that I would change , I would have to say the quality of the sound/music itself that he sings with . I think Clay held it together because of his awesome voice . . others might not have been able to pull it off . I am definitely looking forward to more CD 's as the quality of the background music/band is sure to increase over time . I 'd love to see a Solo Christmas CD ! Saw Clay w/AI in Sunrise & would love to see his own tour !
 I have been waiting to see what a full album of Clay 's voice would be like , and Measure of a Man was worth the wait . It seems that his talent is even more refined with this collection of works . The time he has spent touring and recording shows that his vocal talent is getting even more impressive , if that was possible . Yes , many of us were hoping for a few more up-tempo songs mixed in but I think we see from ` Invisible ' that he is capable of stretching beyond his wonderfully performed ballads . We 'll look for more of that on the next album . But who can argue with that voice !!!!!
 I am surprised to read that some of you are disappointed with the CD . I loved every song in it , and Clay 's voice is perfect throughout . Of course , I would love for Clay to release an `` all-time classics '' CD in the future , but this was not the point of this album ! The purpose was to establish Clay as `` his own man '' , with new songs , not just doing versions of other people 's songs like he did in AI . The album wants to prove that Clay can go beyond singing other people 's stuff -LRB- which he does pretty well I must say ! -RRB- ; that he can sing any kind of music and pull it off , including new , more `` trendy '' music that we 're not that used to hear from him . I think the CD proves that Simon & Co. were wrong when they said Clay was meant for Broadway and not for recording . He does an excellent job in this album
 I agree that the songs are n't groundbreaking AND that they are still great ! Clay sounds fantastic on everything and I ca n't begin to pick a favorite ! Shine and Perfect Day remind me a little of the Crowded House days , The Way would be a perfect slow song at a high school dance -LRB- swoon -RRB- , Measure of a Man has depth and feeling , When You Say You Love Me has a fun pop/country sound with a beat that just makes you feel happy -LRB- would LOVE to hear the rumors of a Clay/Faith Hill duet come true -RRB- ! I Survived You is wonderful . Each song just gets better with every listen !! I am really glad they did n't try to saddle Clay with a bunch of oldies . Maybe someday , but not now . I look forward to his next CD and hope that Clay continues to add `` edge '' and a little `` funk '' without compromising his values . Until then , I will listen to this CD until it wears out and eagerly await his solo tour !
 I love this CD !!! Clay does not disappoint ! He has an amazing voice and sings so effortlessly . Clay you were my pick of AI from the time I saw your audition and this CD validates that you are a true talent . All the tracks are wonderful , my favorites are `` The Way '' , and `` Measure of A Man ''
 There is no doubt that Clay Aiken 's voice is astounding . This CD is worth your money , and I recommend you buy it . HOWEVER , I wish the producers of this album had given Aiken more substance to work with . Let 's face it -- this vocalist is a man who had previously chosen to dedicate his life 's work to teaching special needs children . Given this and his `` less-than-cool '' fashion sense prior to fame , one would think Aiken could offer up thought-provoking music to match his vocal prowess . Instead we get too many middle-of-the-road semi-pop love songs . His delivery can not be faulted -LRB- it 's great -RRB- , but his producers can . The best tracks are `` Shine , '' `` Measure of a Man '' and `` Touch . ''
 I have been a huge Clay fan and did not know he could out do himself . The music on this CD is new for him . A very nice side of him and his vocal range . He still has that uncanny ability to draw you into the song and make you fee like he is singing right to you . The songs are not only sung well they are good songs . Great lyrics written by great artists . Every song on this CD is wonderfully done and a real joy to listen to . It is obvious he really enjoyed making this CD too ! This is a must have CD !!!!! The more I listen to this CD the more I love it . I enjoy every song and do n't know where people can say they all sound alike . There are a lot of ballads , but it does not make it a bad CD . I told my friends Clay was the Celine of men and this CD proves it . Esp . for his first CD this was a very good one !
 I ran out in the rain to go buy this album over lunch today and I would have made it through a tornado to get to this CD . After listening to `` measure of a man '' , it only confirmed that is was worth it . If you watched Clay during American Idol , you heard the frequent comment about Clay 's `` broadway '' voice . Well , he has toned that down and his voice is just candy for the ears . -LRB- not that it was ever bad -RRB- Also , the selection of songs on this CD are wonderful . The songs are ones that you can find yourself really paying attention to and can relate to . All I can say is what a great marriage of song and voice . Clay , congrats !! I am your fan !!
 The voice that has captivated , enthralled and seduced women everywhere shines through on Clay Aiken 's debut project.This album clearly demonstrates that Clay is capable of taking any song and delivering it with such heartfelt emotion ... at times you want to reach through the CD player and give him a big hug ! For all his millions of fans worldwide , `` Measure of a Man '' will surely meet all expectations and for those who have never heard Clay sing , they will be blown away.A great mix of fun and emotional tracks , something everyone can truly enjoy and feel good about . Nice job Clay !
 so as an avid fan of Clay 's since the show started - I ca n't help but like this album a lot .
 Measure of a Man is the Best CD EVER . Thats my opinion . Clay Aiken 's voice sends chills down my spine in evey song he sings . He is the American Idol . All the songs are enjoyable and once you hear them you ca n't stop listening .
 Excellent !! Lyrics , melody , heart and that VOICE . I love all of the tracks but `` The Way '' is the best song I 've heard in years . It will be a # 1 hit for Clay . Thanks Clay !
 This cd is excellent . The only thing I can tell people is to buy it !
 Words can not describe just how much I love Clay 's voice . This new CD is awesome ! I especially love `` I Will Carry You . '' I predict multi-platinum !
 I really like this CD . It has such up-beat music and I loved most of the songs . This is unusual as we you buy a CD of the artist you like , you are lucky to like two or three of the selections . This is really different as it was hard to pick which one I liked best . I would highly reccommend this for all ages . Thanks .
 10/10 for Clay Aiken 's debut album ! Highly recommend to fans & non-fans alike ! Definitely worth every cent of your money ! I 've been listening to it non stop for the past 4 hours ever since I got my hands on it ... heehee ...
 Have had this CD since it came out and I highly recomend it to anyone as Clay rocks ! His voice is fantastic and the songs are great !
 This is a terrific album . Combine Clay Aiken 's georgeous , soaring pop tenor voice with some great songs and you end up with an album you want to listen to again and again . On most albums there are a few good tracks and others that are n't so great , but every track on `` Measure of a Man '' is good and I am never tempted to skip over one song or another . `` Invisible '' is a fun pop-rock song , `` The Way '' is a romantic ballad , `` Shine '' is inspirational with beautiful lyrics , `` Perfect Day '' is a surprising and unusual ballad , `` Measure of a Man '' is great , but then so are `` No More Sad Song '' and `` Run to Me . '' I am impressed with this first effort from a singer who - I hope - has a long career turning out music this good .
 When I listened to the CD for the first time I kinda laughed ... I could n't believe they made him sing such cheesy songs . . so I stopped listening . . but something happened !!! I could n't get the songs out of my head for days ... so the CD went back where it belongs MY CD PLAYER ... It 's GREAT !!! My favorite song by far is NO MORE SAD SONGS ... check it out !!
 GREAT job Clay !!! I really like ALL of the songs ! The Way is so beautiful , I hear it will be Clays next single ! WOW !!! I highly recommend Measure Of A Man to you , so many GREAT songs you can sing a long to and some truly great meanings here too !!! I HIGHLY recommend !
 What a wonderful compilation of well written , beautifully sang , heart filled songs . This is just the beginning for this fabulous performer , an inspirational uplifting mix of something that this nation can be proud of . Finally a change in pace of the regular foul language garbage they call music.This man fills each song with his heart , pure and true , simply a gentle person . What a role model for our younger generation . HE HAS MASS APPEAL there is n't an age group that does n't enjoy his beautiful talent . Way to go clay we love you , truly gifted performer .
 Hello everyone ! I 'm the biggest fan of Clay Aiken ever . I love him soo much and i have every poster of him ever ! i knew from the start he had it and i still think he does . Clay is such a great singer and I ca n't wait until another CD comes out !
 This cd is what music is really about.I ca n't wait for your single to come out.I hear that Solitaire is included with Invisible . The industry has gone astray in what they call music today.Nasty is still nasty . Clay Aiken is so refreshing . His voice is awesome.Outstanding Mr Aiken .
 Like many I could n't wait to buy the CD . I put it in the CD changer on the way home and started going through the tracks . I could hardly stand but a few seconds of the songs . They sounded like someone trying to tell as story without taking a breath . I do n't know , I was just expecting more of the quality of This Is The Night ... cause face it folks , the guy can give Celine a run for her money with the windpipes . But then when I really got to listening to all the songs ALL the way through them I really got hooked . It has a few dorky electronic mixes in it -LRB- The Way ... but it 's my favorite song on the cd -RRB- . And I think some of the songs have an eightys edge to them in sound which gives the cd an overall variety . Now some are saying No More Sad Songs is a hit , but it 's one of my least favorites . I like I Will Carry You better . So I really think if you get past the southern charm of the guy and just buy the cd and give it a chance you will find that there is something for everyone on it . I absolutley love Clay and I ca n't wait to see how far he goes with this and his next releases .
 I received this album and have thoroughly enjoyed listening to it . The lyrics have romantic depth and an edgy , catchy beat.Each time I listen it seems I notice something new to appreciate.Just as I think `` The Way '' is the best song ... another has me reconsidering . This has happened so often that I no longer try to choose.They all do it for me for a different reason . No need to skip over any of these songs!I am off to order another for the Car ! GREAT ALBUM !
 It took me a few times before I could honestly give this CD a five star rating , but it is worth it . Clay is so refreshing and is filling a music void . I hope he will continue on and reach his potential as a singer . We could use a few more like him .
 Ok , so I 'm from Clay 's hometown . So I 'm pretty `` into '' him as a person . Great voice , very nice songs , feel-good music . But here 's something I 'd like people to think about ... honostly , Clay is just as nice and good a guy in his hometown as he appears to be on TV . We are so happy for him here in Raleigh , because he really does deserve the good things happening to him . His happy style is a true reflection of who Clay is as a person . And all this silly stuff in the news about him hating cats ? I happen to know he had a wreck a few years ago while trying to avoid running over some cats in the street . He 's just as nice as his happy sounding music . For real .
 Note to Jaan
 He is so amazing , his voice is unbeilveable , especially in the song invisable he sounds like another artist i 've heard , her name is Genie , her voice is very similar I think it is even the as good . Check her out on amazon just search for Genie .
 This is my second review . The first few times I listened , I thought `` anh ... it 's ok . '' Now after 3 weeks , I 'm utterly hooked and I have to wonder why ? Is it because we see that little smile or that glint in his eye on just about every line of every track ? Is it because it 's refreshing not to have to listen to `` pop '' music that centers on digusting back alley visuals for a change ? Or is it just that incredible voice ? What is it about the Masterful Clay Aiken that keeps us achin ' for more?Here 's where I do my Jekyll and Hyde on this album
 Clay 's CD is one of the best I own . I give `` 5 Stars '' to the singer & his unique style but I must say I was disappointed in the background singers practically drowning him out . I feel the studio that produced this did a ` poor job ' . This young man has a flawless voice & truly does n't need ` THAT MUCH ' help . To the professionals with all their technology , take the ear phones off , take it home & listen . I hope the next CD I hear more of Clay ...
 This CD is one of thos SPECIAL CD 's that get better every time you hear it . This collection of songs , along with the hit , ` This is the Night ' is one way to enjoy music again . With all the annoying ` same ol' song sung by a different artist ' getting shoved in our face everytime we turn around , this CD is a refreshing way to experience music . Buy this CD , you will not be disappointed , I can promise you that !!!!!!!!
 This is the most enjoyable CD I 've ever owned . I am a big music fan , listen to the radio & own many CD 's ranging from Daryl Hall , Sting , Josh Groban , Justin Timerlake & Beyonce . Measure of a Man is my favorite , & I 've been playing it since I purchased it on Oct. 14 . It is more enjoyable with every listen . I am a big fan of Clay 's & his voice comes through on this CD . Even if you are not a Clay fan , I believe you will enjoy this CD . Good work , Clay , and hurry up with your next one .
 Clay has clearly grown as a singer . His voice is great on Measure of a Man . The more that I play it , it gets better and better . Still , I hope to hear him belt a song out like he can.He is really a great singer and has great eyes . I love to listen to him anytime , anywhere , now and forever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I think he is the best ! He really is a STAR on my list and `` Shines '' completely in his new album . It 's refreshing to have a talent like this in the music industry and I hope he makes another album . Absolutely heart felt and amazing .
 I normally buy CD 's for one or two songs , and then burn my own compilations to play in the car.This is one cd that goes in the car stereo as is - too many good songs to choose only one or two.Good music , wonderful voice , crazy hairstyle - looking forward to the next cd from Clay .
 It has already been posted by many a fan and newbie of this sooo talented artist . . but i have to take a moment to tell anyone who is on the fence about getting this cd , then dont hesitate one more minute !!! good music is bad music ? get a clue folks ... this cd is full of wonderful songs to `` emote '' to , to celebtate with and to even shake your big behind too ! I ws fearfull of hoping for too much before i heard it ... but rca and clay just gave it so much heart and soul that i cant even pick a faveorite song ! Just when you have one that you think is it . . you will listen again to a different one and say `` no , this one !!! '' How many full length cd 's can you say that too ? Not many i can think of . Measure of Man will go down as a musical classic . dont take my word for it ? just get it and enjoy . . and remember to `` clay it on !!! ''
 Love this album ! I think Clay could sing anything and make it sound great . I like all the song and I do n't have a favorite . I have never had a cd album that I liked so much.When was the last time any of us liked all the songs ? Usualy you only like two or three of the songs and never play the entire cd . Well Clay sure delivers . I 've seen Clay sing some of these songs on tv and I was so impressed . Pefection ! He 's also got the moves down . He was groovin to Invisible . To those of you who do n't like Clays album . . Write to rcarecords att . Clive Davis . When you slam a person looks and his character in your reviews it only shows your lack of maturity . I 'm sure that some of you are honest in your reviews and thats ok . . Not everyone agrees . You can go to rcarecords.com and voice your feelings . I will continue to listen to Clays cd . He is up for an award on AMA and I wish him the best.I think he has a good chance to win . Bob
 Just to start things off , I was never really a huge Clay Aiken fan to begin with.I had known his voice was good , but never really got into the songs from American Idol.This album changes everything I thought about him.And just to note , I 'm no teenage girl , mind you
 Billboard said it best : Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' is the best pop album of 2003 . Every song , every note is brimming with ambition and glory . Thanks to the bull 's - eye A&R talents of RCA chief Clive Davis and a cast of grade-A songwriters-including Cathy Dennis , Desmond Child , Kara DioGuardi , Gary Burr , Steve Morales , Andreas Carlsson-the `` American Idol '' hero 's debut album perfectly matches his radiantly melodramatic voice with good , old-fashioned power ballads aimed straight for the gods . Throughout , the timeless production focuses squarely on Aiken 's immense talent . `` Run to Me '' is arguably the sweet spot , the quintessential tear-jerker , along with show-stoppers `` No More Sad Songs , '' `` I Survived You '' and the title track . In another radio era , this album could be the `` Thriller '' of the day , spawning hit after hit . In any case , fans have plenty to celebrate . `` Measure of a Man '' is an utter triumph of art and commerce.-CTI could n't agree with them more . The only thing I would like to add is this is the best pop album I have owned in decades not just 2003 . Clay Aiken is one of a kind and we are so fortunate to be able to embrace such a lovely voice . A lot of the negative barbs aimed at this young man have more to do with his goodness , his kindness and his success than his voice . I feel sorry for the negative , ugly people . Unfortunately , there are those in the world who still love to tear the wings off of butterflies .
 `` Measure of a Man '' by Clay Aiken is without a doubt the best pop album of the year . It is refreshing to have a cd with twelve beautiful songs that displays Aiken 's immense talent and smart production . It 's way past time to break away from the cookie cutter pop of the last few years . Clay Aiken has started the revolution of better music for smart consumers . It 's about time .
 Some Industry reviews really slam this CD , while others - notably ` Billboard ' - actually like it . What does it matter HOW a star is discovered ? The kids who reached the top on AI worked just as hard as any other struggling artists . Why ca n't the voice and the ability to sell a song be the criteria for judging success ? Yes , I would have liked richer material - I was dying for ` Solitaire ' or even ` Unchained Melody ' - but even through sometimes second rate material , Clay 's beautiful , warm tenor shines . HE 's the winner , and he takes his CD with him .
 Thank you , Clay Aiken , and it 's about time . Your voice is a rhapsody in a world of tone-deaf producers . Every song in `` Measure of a Man '' has a wonderful touch of newness . The sound is fantastic . My personal favorites are `` I Will Carry You , '' a musical accomplishment spiked with Clay 's soft tone , `` I Survived You , '' a blend of complex words and a nifty tune , `` When You Say You Love Me , '' a catchy , bouncy melody , and `` Invisible , '' a yearning yet upbeat piece that constantly runs in my head . I am very happy with this buy , excited about the next , and maybe someday hearing Mr. Clay Aiken record his wonderful range and style with a full orchestra background .
 This is on the Billboard site
 first of all , I have to say that I 'm a huge Ruben fan , and although I 'll probably get bashed a few hundred times for saying that , I have to admit , that this CD is waaay better than Ruben 's disappointing album.The song writers did a great job on this CD , all the tunes are catchy and although some of the lyrics are freaky -LRB- I wish i could be a fly on your wall ? -RRB- Overall , the writers all did a great job.Clay 's voice actually sounds really great , he does n't try to overdo it or be cool , and you do n't get too much of his annoying vibrato , but he still sings his style of music with a twist of popular music . There are some songs that I ca n't stop listening to . ie . I will Carry You , The Way , No More Sad Songs , Shine.My only complaint is that a lot of the songs sound EXACTLY alike . You could take a line from each song and put them all together to make a new one and it would make total sense because all of the songs sound the same.Overall I really liked this CD and whereas I would give Ruben 's CD a 11/2 to 2 star rating , I 'll give this a 4 to 41/2
 This is a great start for this wonderful , gifted young man , whom I hope will bring back a decent look to the POP music industry .
 I own many albums by many artists over many years . This is my first album to love every song on it . I knew that would be the case . My favorites are # 3 and # 4 . Keep those albums coming Clay . I still want to hear you sing every song ever written , just a matter of finding the time . So many will actually be sung for the first time when you do that !
 I watched Clay Aiken all through American Idol 2 . I loved his interpretation of each song , his confident performances and his VOICE . I listened to his new CD - Measure of a Man - for the first time yesterday , and I am so pleased with EVERY song on it . Clay 's voice remains absolutely STELLAR and he packs each song with just the right emotion . The songs themselves are beautifully written and arranged , and range from catchy uptempos like Invisible , Touch and When You Say You Love Me , to heartfelt ballads where Clay 's voice just soars -LRB- The Way , Run to Me , Measure of a Man , I Will Carry You -RRB- , to midtempo hits -LRB- like Shine and Perfect Day -RRB- . I know that I will be listening to this CD for a long , long time to come !
 I gave one star reviews to the rest of the idol shmucks . My mom has this album and it 's actually good . The guy can sing . No more american idols though .
 I would of given this album and Clay 10 Stars if I could . What a great singer . Give him any song to sing in any genre and he 'll make it sound great . I love the whole album , but especially enjoy listening to Invisible , I Will Carry You , The Way -LRB- by far my favorite -RRB- , When You Say You Love Me and Touch . Clay Aiken should of won the title `` American Idol '' as he is an American Classic . Way to go Clay !
 I still find , Clay Aiken `` s song Measure of A MAn the best of all songs , and he did an excellent job as well on his new single `` The Way '' and `` Solitaire '' . I never get tired of his voice and songs . I play them over and over in the car , at home and in my office . I am sure he is the best that ever happened to American Idol . I think he is more popular than Kelly Clarkson and Ruben Studdard . And , I have the feeling Clay has higher sales in records than Kelly and Ruben.I look forward to more songs from Clay .
 I did n't think I was going to love this CD as much as I do -- once I started listening I could n't stop . I expected greatness from Ruben , but not as much from Clay -LRB- I expected Broadway -RRB- . I 'm not his typical fan -- I 'm a mother of his typical fan ! It 's fabulous ! When 's the next one coming out ?
 WOW !!! I recently went to the Independent tour Starring Kelly Clarkson and Clay Aiken . I love Kelly , went to see her mostly , curious about Clay though . Clay knocked the ENTIRE audience over with his voice , charisma and personality ! WOW !!! I just bought this album because of hearing/seeing Clay at the concert !!! EXCELLENT !!! A MUST BUY !!! Also I was really amazed the concert was 90-95 % CLAY FANS !!! Yes , Clay is huge and I can now see why !!! Thank you so much Clay !!!!!
 I was pleasantly surprised when I purchased Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man . '' I had listened to some of Kelly Clarkson 's singles and thought they were thoroughly predictable and expected of a tv-made star . As I listed to the songs on Clay 's album , I noticed that a lot of them are reptitive , talking about love & heartbreak except for maybe `` Invisble '' and `` This Is The Night . '' I was very impressed by the display of his vocal ability and range . Some of the ending notes were sung very well . I really enjoyed most of the songs and the lyrics are really nice . My two least favorite songs are probably `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` No More Sad Song . '' Though the vocals are still very good , I did n't like the overall beat and tone . Overall , I thought this album exceeded the expectations that I had for it . I think this is a great purchase for all pop music lovers that are tired of -LRB- and I quote Clay Aiken himself -RRB- `` cookie-cutter popstars . ''
 MOAM is well-orchestrated and extremely well-sung pop music . I defy anyone not to enjoy the blending of those two elements , especially on `` Run to Me '' , `` Shine '' , and `` Perfect Day . '' The uniqueness about Clay Aiken 's voice is that he can lift you to the heights of heaven with it.The only odd thing is the undercurrent of darkness in the lyrics . Clay can absolutely bring someone to giddy joy with his voice . The subtle angst in the songs seem mismatched , yet the whole production is well-executed ; imagine if Hanson smeared on a little dark make-up and collaborated with The Cure . That and the loss of the warm rapport Aiken had with a live audience on AI2 can be a little jarring.Yet overall , the CD charms you with its own uniqueness , and there 's no reason why you would n't buy one for your friend , and a second one for you when the first one gets too scratched from overuse .
 I received my cd today and I love it ! I 've read other reviews and some people were expecting Clay to do something similar to Josh Groban , but I 'm glad that he chose not to . I think that , with this cd , Clay has set himself apart from the other male singers out there . I love the song selection . I think there is a perfect mix of styles on the album . There are some ballads and some mid-tempos ... all in all , it 's a great mix . My favourites on the album include `` Invisible '' , `` I Will Carry You '' , `` I Survived You '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' . I think this cd is definitely worth buying if you enjoy Clay 's voice b/c his passion and the power of his voice shine through on each track . There are 12 songs in total and there is n't a track that I do n't like on the cd . My only complaint with the cd is that the packaging does not include the lyrics to the songs , but that 's only a minor problem . All in all , this cd is worth every penny that I spent for it and I look forward to hearing more from Clay Aiken in the future . If you are a Clay fan , this is a must-have ! Pick it up now !
 I never thought I would have liked it soo much but after listening to it I think he has a great voice and most of the songs are awesome on here . He is a great singer , but also a great person and we need more people like him . Measure of a man the song is perfect for all the men who give there lives to make our country safe . I can not wait for another CD it only gets better . Just listen and give it a try !!! God Bless Clay !!! : o -RRB-
 Clay 's new CD is wonderful ! I enjoyed all of the songs the first time through , and they all just keep getting better the longer I listen . Clay has a fantastic voice , interprets the music well , and has awesome phrasing . The true beauty of his voice is not allowed to shine through as well as it could , but he is so talented that the CD is still wonderful ! I am also pleased that I can play this CD while my daughters are listening because the lyrics are clean . We will be listening to and enjoying this CD for a long time to come ! Thank you , Clay !!!
 Clay 's CD is , well , irresistible , as is he . Clay is sure to become classic , sure to be a star for a long , long time . As a `` 50-something '' fan , however , I am hoping that his next CD -LRB- and please put it out soon ! -RRB- will include some of the classics he sang so well on American Idol - Unchained Melody , I Ca n't Help Myself , Solitary Man , You Do n't Know What Its Like , Buttercup , Tell Her About It , Bridge Over Troubled Water -LRB- without so much choir and band washing his voice out -RRB- , Mack The Knife , etc. . . Sprinkle in a few classics , or make a CD of ONLY classics , because Clay IS a classic !
 Finally a CD where I enjoy hearing every song ! No more skipping a song for me ! The songs are wonderful and catchy ! I enjoy seeing a `` new side '' of Clay ... away from the American Idol music he performed on the show . This man has talent beyond words . His range and pitch is remarkable . His enthusiasm rings out through every word in his songs to the listener . Excellent CD ! 1 critique ? I wish I could have heard his `` low '' voice is a little more often on the CD and also his power notes . Hopefully , next CD will have more !
 Clay Aiken 's voice soars through both the really , really good songs as well as the just ok , material . But only Clay could pull this off . Each song is now indelibly stamped with his voice print . I dare any other pop singer to try any of these songs with or without a net !
 This CD has got to be the best I 've had the pleasure of listening to in a very long time ! So many wonderful songs that I ca n't choose a favorite . The music , lyrics , along with Clay 's exceptional voice are all reasons why I would highly recommend this CD to anyone , young , old , or between . It transcends all generation gaps and has something for everybody , from the romantics to the dancers , and even a touch of country and western ! This guy can sing anything and make it sound great . Do something good for yourself and go get this CD TODAY !! You wo n't regret it !
 I loved Clay 's new CD because of his fabulous voice . I have n't decided on a favorite song yet , as each time I listen I hear something different that I missed the first time . It 's nice to hear songs that are n't about sex or violence for a change . I think the producers need to stop worrying so much about adding extra glitz through the arrangements and let Clay 's voice shine out more clearly . Twelve million fans ca n't be that wrong . All songs have something to say , even though the words are a bit trite at times . I would also encourage more variety in the next CD -- tempo , mood , etc. . I 'd like to see an original song written by Clay . Overall I think it 's a great job and worthy first effort . I look forward to the next one .
 ... But then again , I am a huge Clay fan as it is . I have to agree , that the CD was probably rushed , but we were all very glad to have it out and into our hands ! I am impressed with what this CD has to offer , when it came out in such a short time ! Among my favorites are `` Invisible '' and `` This is the Night '' -- the two obvious ones . But I love the message of `` Shine '' and the catchy `` Perfect Day . '' The lyrics of `` Measure of a Man '' capture my heart , and all through these songs , Clay 's voice shines beautifully . I ca n't wait until he goes on tour with this one and sees what he does in the setting we normally see him in -- live . Congratulations , Clay , on your first CD , and we 're all looking forward to the next one .
 Clay Aiken 's ` Measure of a Man ' is one of the best musical CD 's that I have bought in a long time . I have listened to the CD over and over and have thoroughly enjoyed all the songs . Clay has one of the greatest voices I have ever heard . His music seems to match his personality , FIRST CLASS . Look forward to hearing alot from him in the near future .
 I can not get enough of this CD ! Everytime I listen to it , I find another reason to love it . It 's amazing that I love every single song on it , because really , how many times does THAT happen ???? I 've bought albums because I 've liked ONE song.I love it , love it , LOVE IT ! And since I 'll probably wear this one out pretty soon , I 'm eagerly awaiting his second one !!
 I was not a fan of American Idol until a friend of mine turned me on to it halfway through the second season . When I first saw Clay I thought , `` Now there 's one goofy-lookin ' dude '' . Then he opened his mouth and started to sing and I forgot all about what he looks like . He could have green hair and purple polka-dots and I would n't care ! I will buy everything this man puts out . Truly one of the great voices of our time or any time ! Keep it up man , you rock ! He is going to do the title track for the movie that is going to be made from the book I am writing . He does n't know it yet , but I would n't want anyone else to do it !
 I am addicted to this CD . I thoroughly enjoy every song and find myself humming a different song each day . Clay 's voice is beautiful and these songs highlight his range and wonderful earnestness . The words are clearly enunciated and as any fan knows , Clay can belt out notes with the best . A couple of the songs are reminiscent of Chicago in that the choruses are catchy and inspire you to sing along to them while driving in your car . My personal favorites are The Way , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , Run to Me , I Survived You , and Shine . Several of these songs seem to tell a story and you can imagine them being played in a movie soundtrack . I have been a fan of Clay 's since American Idol and I am so happy and proud of his accomplishments in this debut album .
 I love everything about Clay 's CD . Finally someone puts out a CD in which ALL the songs are TERRIFIC . The music is great , and it truly sounds a lot like songs from the 80 's . I hope that the music industry will take notice to this CD and sign other artists that can actually sing like Clay Aiken . It is so refreshing and exciting to see real talent making music . I think a revolution in the music industry is taking place , and Clay is at the forefront .
 I have reviewed this CD in the first interviews and my review still stands . I think it is wonderful ! I am still listening to it all the time . I am Happy that Clay 's first CD is doing so well and I 'm real proud of him , but along with the happiness I feel is a true saddness . I am a Clayfan and have been from the start and it really hurts that the fact that I am a Clayfan may cause some of you to discard my review , and that is so UNFAIR to Clay . I have given you my unbiased opinion of Measure Of A Man . I 'm sorry that because I have been a Clayfan belittles my opinions . Clay is excellent on this CD and I hate that people would bash it just to unerve his fans . Give this young man a break , buy this CD and judge for yourself . If you do n't like it , so what , the world wo n't end . Just do n't bash him because of his fans . We love him and do we want him to succeed ? -LRB- YES -RRB- , but not for you , but for us . We love his voice and his personna . Everybody is somebody 's fan , nobody is everybody 's fan . We love you Clay and I as your fan will never compromise my honesty to rise you to the top . ALL YOU NEED IS THAT LOVELY VOICE AND HEART TO REACH THE STARS !!!
 I am only 14 , but have been listening to music all my life . Not once have I ever fell in love with a wonderful , caring singer as much as I have with Clay Aiken . Clay 's new CD , MOAM is so inspirational . It eases me in good times and in bad . Just listening to his breathtaking music puts me in a good mood for the rest of the day ! This CD has a wonderful variety of songs , from `` Invisible '' , that makes you want to sing along and dance , to `` Measure of a Man '' that has such a strong emotional melody . I recommend everyone out there that does not own this CD , to run out and buy it right away . I guarantee you will fall in love !
 I have been a fan of Clay 's since I saw him try out for American Idol . The voice that comes from him gives me chills . I could listen to him forever . This album , Measure of a Man , will not disappoint you . You HAVE TO GET IT !! It is a must in your music collection . All ages will love it , not just the Baby Boomers . I plan on buying every CD he makes . I have his single and now this one . I even have recordings of his music from his American Idol competition . He never disappoints you : o -RRB-
 If American Idol 2 was judged only on vocal talent , it would have been no contest for Clay Aiken , he surely would have won . But when people vote for their favorite , naturally other factors come into play . I believe that many black people will vote for their `` brother '' or `` sister '' . I do n't think white people would do that as much , but as I am not from the U.S. , I would n't know . I can only speak for myself . I do n't look at color - I just listen to the voice . I 'll close my eyes , and listen to all the contestants . I loved Ruben 's `` Flying Without Wings '' but Clay 's `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' was amazing . As a Canadian , I was unable to vote for either of them , but Clay would have got my vote . As for those people who have written reviews saying Clay 's voice is horrible or the CD sucks , they are likely Ruben supporters who are trying to bolster Ruben by putting down Clay or else they are just into other types of music . To each his own . I personally like all kinds of music ; pop , rap , r & b , punk , and especially heavy metal , but I love to hear a great voice like Clay 's , and all the songs on this CD are great - especially for a debut ! It is unusual for me to have a CD where every song is great . I loved Kelly Clarkson too , but I only liked one song -LRB- the first one -RRB- on her CD . So I rate this CD as 5 stars , not because I 'm trying to promote Clay , but because I liked it 5 stars . Enough said . And I do believe that Clay Aiken has the best voice I have ever heard -LRB- when you listen to Bridge Over Troubled Water , you should hear that for yourself -RRB- . Perhaps Clay will become the king of contemporary music , as we already have Elvis as the king of rock and roll , and Michael Jackson as the king of pop . Clay may have his own genre , and many people will love it . For those who are not able to enjoy this incredible talent , you should at least respect it , as well as the people who took the time to review and rate this CD what they felt it was worth .
 I love every single song on this wonderful CD ! It 's so refreshing to hear real talent coming out of our radios and CD Players again . He is proving that people have n't forgotten whatmusic is supposed to be , there just has been an unfortunate lapse . I am looking forward to many more great songs from this amazing artist , and I sincerely hope he is the ` voice of the future ' in pop music . You will find yourself humming these songs and the melodies playing in your head all day long until you can get back to the CD player to listen once again .
 This has been the best CD I have bought in years . You know when you buy a CD even by your favorite artist there is 1 or 2 songs you skip over . This CD you will not skip any . The more you listen the more he grows on you . You wo n't be disappointed in this CD.Viva Vanilla Revolution !
 A solid and magical album from Clay Aiken . People of any age will enjoy this album 's beautiful lyrics and melodies and of course Clay 's AMAZING talent !
 This is a consistently good first CD from Mr. Aiken , although it barely scratches the surface of his wide ranging and versatile talent . This offering showcases his ability to sing pop/rock believably . We can hear his powerful upper range and enjoy his `` glory notes '' . He is very surprising on the Latin-tinged `` Touch '' . I would n't have thought that he could pull it off , but his vocals are mesmerizing on this track ! I love the Beatlesque tunes , `` Shine '' and `` Perfect Day '' . Other highlights are `` I Will Carry You '' and the title track . -LRB- From these we get a glimpse of `` Inspirational Clay '' . -RRB- I will wear out this CD for sure , and I look forward to his future projects . Hopefully his deeper voice will come forward -LRB- front and center -RRB- in future recordings . A spectacular voice it is !
 The best debut American Idol album to date !!! My appologies to Justin and Kelly!I never really watched the American Idol Series -LRB- only because I hate Simon Cowell 's mannerisms ... who needs that much negativity !! -RRB- But , I tend to like the stars the show has made . Clay is definately one of them!I can not believe that voice ! WOW ! `` Touch '' , `` Measure of a Man '' and `` This is the Night '' are my favorites . However , the whole album is great . I can actually listen to this album without skipping over a song.Great Job Clay ! Next stop ... Broadway !
 Received the cd yesterday , listened to it many times . Not usually a fan of pop music but have to say this is the exception.Clear , precise lyrics and catchy music combine to make an enjoyable audio experience .
 If you are a Clay fan , you will like this CD - a lot actually . Song number 12 rocks -- and should definitely be the kind of music Clay creates in the future . I am glad I bought this CD -- what a refreshing change
 I absolutely LOVE this CD . I think he appeals to all ages . -LRB- I am in my 40 's -RRB- I have followed Clay since the American Idol tryouts and have been fascinated by him ever since . Every song on the CD is great while most CD 's have only a few songs I like . I would recommend this to anyone .
 The CD was even better then I could have wished for ! My only complaint is that I wish there have been more songs to listen too ! Just listening to the CD makes my heart sing and my soul melt . It has all the flavor that a person could stand ! Ca n't wait until the next CD is released ! Clay just keeps getting better with every song he sings !
 A very nice surprise and excellent music . This album shows off the many vocal talents of Clay.Great Stuff !
 I can say I was very excited for the release of this Cd and I was not disappointed . It was wonderful . I play it over and over again . It 's very addictive . Clay Aiken is the most talented singer to come along in years . I put this Cd in and just sing along and its just pure enjoyment . My kids even like it !! Now when kids and parents agree , you got something . That Clay has TALENT !!!!
 WOW ! I ca n't stop listening to this CD . Most CD 's I find myself hitting fast forward , but there is honestly not one song I dislike . I love them all . It 's really hard to pick a favorite . `` Measure of a Man '' is awesome and then he takes us to `` TOUCH '' and u-la-la ... you melt.Clay does n't just sing a song . He feels a song and he makes you feel it too . I also love having a CD that you can understand the words and the message and are not offended ~ ~ but instead lost and carried away by this Magnificent voice.I honestly believe Clay has started a new revolution in pop music and will be around for as long as HE wants to be.If you do n't have this CD , RUN , do n't walk , and get it fast .
 There is not one song on this CD that I have to skip . I love every single one of them . Thank goodness someone has brought back good pop music . And Clay Aiken has more talent in his little finger I think that any of the so called pop artists out there today . Good for you Clay this CD is a real pleaser .
 I was not into AI1 at all & did n't start out being into AI2 . Finally , one night , for lack of there being anything else on , I tuned in . I do n't remember what song Clay did that night , only that I was hooked . His voice ! He 's just AMAZING ! The only reason I did n't give this album 5 stars is because I do feel that better material could have showcased Clay 's incredible range a bit better . Do n't get me wrong - I have nothing against this album full of ballads ! Clay sings them very well & with true emotion . There 's just something about it that leaves me wanting more . Maybe that 's the point ... This is only his first album - I ca n't wait to hear what 's next !
 I 've been a Clay fan from the start . I ca n't help it , he 's just got a voice that makes me go gooey . I got this cd when it came out . I ca n't say I love everything on it , but I like it all . `` Invisible '' is a catchy tune that gets stuck in your head , it 's fun . `` The Way '' makes me fall in love with my husband all over again -LRB- see we 're not all teeny boppers LOL -RRB- . The music content on this cd is not something I 'd be afraid to play in front of my 3 year old -LRB- who loves to repeat things ! -RRB- . I 'd recommend this cd to anyone who wants to hear a fabulous voice , even if all the songs are n't the best .
 I do n't know why people who do not appreciate excellent singers keep coming here to bash Clay . The fact that these people keep coming here to spew their trash would be like if I attempted to review Marilyn Manson . I do n't understand why some people have a difficult time respecting the talent of Clay Aiken . The only thing that I can figure is that some people like all the trash that is on the radio and they want to keep the trash on the airwaves . Therefore , someone with talent -LRB- CLAY HAS TONS OF TALENT -RRB- presents a threat for these people.SO , BOTTOM LINE ... . DISREGARD THE NEGATIVE AND TRASHY REVIEWS ! Clays CD is really good . He has a beautiful voice , and all of the songs on this CD have something interesting and fun . You can sing along with Clay and enjoy every minute of it . I have listened to this CD more times than I can count and I still enjoy every song . I think you will too.Buy this CD ... . IT IS EXCELLENT!I LOOK FORWARD TO ANY CDS THAT CLAY PUTS OUT IN THE FUTURE . HE IS A BREATH OF FRESH AIR TO OUR SAD AND SCARY WORLD !
 Clay Aiken 's album is truly a pleasure to the ears . He has a wonderful voice and each song is given that unique Clay treatment . He sings with passion and a vocal ability that is only equaled by the late Elvis Presley . He is a clean cut , decent man who deserves all the success he gets . It is such a delight in this day and age to hear someone who can really sing and who is not afraid to be honest and sincere.I hope he has a long successful career.We are lucky to have him !
 Clay is # 1 . . No doubt about it . . A Star fo sure.This cd is the # 1 album of 2003 for a good reason ... CLAY AIKEN AND HIS BEAUTIFUL VOICE !! thats why !! I ca n't wait to get his single Dec 9th . . Solitaire is on it as well as Invisible . . Nov. 30 is clays birthday . . Happy `` 25 '' Clay . WE LOVE YOU
 Clay Aiken is the best to come before all of us in a long , long time ! If you are not sure of this , compare his performances and music with that of DMX -LRB- or whatever they are called -RRB- as they performed on the Jimmy Kimmel show on November 13 . They clutched their crotches - Clay clutches his shirt and drives women wild ! Every other word of their `` song '' had to be bleeped - you can hear every word of Clay 's songs !
 Clay Aiken 's `` Measure Of A Man '' is finally a genuine pop album that you can actually call a pop album . What is astonishing is that there is no suggestive lyrics or innuendo 's whatsoever on this cd . From `` Invisible '' to `` Touch '' , this is one of the best cd 's to come out this year . MOAM has different styles for every one from ballads to up-tempo songs . One last note , Clay 's vocals shines on every song ... it 's no wonder Clay is our True American Idol ... I 'm gon na PAY IT FORWARD as well ... already purchased several cd 's to friends and family ... I am looking forward to what musical genre Clay will come up next ... all I can say is CLAY DID IT HIS WAY !!!!!
 I am amazed at the number of reviews posted for this album . It has become my favorite and plays once or twice a day in our house and/or car . Actually , had to buy two as my CD changer loader/ejector is broken and you have to unscrew the top , and do all sorts of gymnastics to get CD 's in and out ... it was easier to buy another for the car . This is an album that gets better with age , it grows and grows on you . It is an album to sing along to , an album to play softly in the background and an album to listen to with headphones . All the songs are good , I do n't skip ANY of them , which as I -LRB- and other reviewers -RRB- usually do . Measure of a Man and The Way are probably my favorites , although Shine is marvelous - well , darn - they are all marvelous and I hightly recommend this CD to all ages . I eagerly await more albums from Clay and predict his career will be spectacular .
 It 's a great CD listen to it everyday
 I love Clay Aiken > I am a fan of Clay ever since he participated in the American Idol contest . I think it is just unfortunate that he did not win the title . He should have been the winner instead of Ruben Studdard . I will always be a fan of Clay Aiken . I will be buying all his CDs . I love his voice ... very talented guy .
 Clay Aiken proved that he is an incredible recording artist when he released this new CD . He shows a wide range of vocal talent . His music is sexy , intriguing and sultry all at the same time .
 I am enjoying this CD and find I am listening to it several times a day . The songs are addicting and I find myself singing out loud . Some of the songs are just fun to listen to and others can touch your soul . I highly recommend Aiken 's `` Measure of A Man '' . A + + + +
 I love all the songs on the CD . Clay has a powerful voice and can sing any song . My favorites are `` Shine '' and `` Measure of a Man '' but I enjoy the entire CD . I ca n't wait for the next CD .
 I am not a big TV fan . But I was hooked on American Idol as soon as I saw Clay sing . Of course , a little bit of it was rooting for the hometown boy . -LRB- I live close to Raleigh , NC -RRB- This boy could sing from the get go no matter whose song he was covering . I never missed an episode and have been patiently waiting for the release of this CD . I have become very picky about which CDs to purchase , I only want those that you can listen to every song and like it . Clay has not disappointed . Every track is smooth and soulful , and this boy sings like a man . Even my 15 year old son likes it . You wo n't be disappointed by this album . Every song is great , especially `` Invisible '' and `` When you say you love me '' . Clay should have been the American Idol on the show . But with this album he proves he is . Ruben wo n't be able to top this . Buy it and take a listen , you wo n't be sorry .
 As most people that bought this CD , I was a Clay Aiken fan during American Idol and have been anxiously awaiting this release . Once I listened to the entire CD , I was basically blown away . This guy has so much talent it is scary ! Every song is good , each one different . Sort of reminds me of pop from the days gone by . I hear a little Outfield in some tunes , a little bit of Talking Heads in another . But mostly , it is Clay Aiken with incredible range and emotion . By far my favorite CD !!!
 Do you love Elton John ? If so , you will love Clay Aiken . His songs speak from his heart and soul . He is a true artist and is exactely what the music industry has been waiting for .
 This CD is at the top of my list of all time favorites ! Clay has an awesome voice . You can feel his heart and soul coming through in every song .
 I love the new album ... His voice is again perfect ... and Simon said `` he would never be a pop star '' ... I love the lyrics and this album reminds of the music that I love to listen to . . Measure of a Man is a perfect name for the album because that is what Clay gives you with his voice and his talent !!! Way to go Clay ! the album is wonderful !!!!
 Clay 's CD is remarkably outstanding . The songs were inspiring , with interesting / romantic lyrics ; very good musical arrangements which blended well with the magnificent voice and personality of Clay . -LRB- I especially like the song `` Touch '' . -RRB-
 I was n't sure what to expect when I got this album but , it was a lot better than I expected ! The songs really flow together well on this album and he has a style all his own ! It may not be for everybody but I really like it !
 Great debut album in measure of a man . It is only a small taste of what will be a long career . Do n't listen to the bad reviews , they are in the minority . You are beautiful from your voice to your manners and shine from within . Do n't change - we love you just as you are and your fans will not let you down.The Way is a beautiful ballad as well as Solitaire and am ready tio buy it , but as far as a video goes - Run To Me is the one !! Everyone can relate to it !! Keep doing what you are doing and continue to grow as an artist - you have a wonderful future!Look forward to seeing you in concert in Charlotte NC - Hope you have two shows so we can get in.Loyal Fan in Charlotte
 I would just like to say , that every song i have heard of Clay Aikens is the best . He is such a great singer its so nice to listen to his music . Will always be My Favorite Singing Artist . You are a * Star * Clay !
 Clay Aiken should 've won the AI Title ... Hands down !!! No doubt about it !!! There is absolutely no competition between Clay and Ruben ... And I think everybody knows it !!! Even the AI Judges !!! But I 'm sure they will never admit to it ... Ca n't let people know they were wrong all along !!! I will buy everything that Clay puts out !!! And nothing that Ruben puts out !!! If Canada would 've been allowed to vote , Clay would 've won by a major landslide !!!!! Clay Aiken is THE NEXT ELVIS PRESLEY !!!!!!!!!!!
 I just love this cd . After I got the cd I must have played it over and over for days . There is not a song that is n't great ! Everything is sung with such heart ! I think Clay Aiken is the best thing to happen to pop music in a long time . No gimmicks , just pure talent !
 I love Clay Aiken 's voice so I really love this album . It showcases his incredible voice so well . I have listened to this CD hundreds of times and ca n't get enough of it . I will be giving MOAM to everyone on my Christmas list this year . Only regret is that Solitaire was left off .
 With all due respect to Amazon.com 's review , you can not compare Clay Aiken to the boy bands that ruled pop music in the 90 's . Clay has a legitimate singing voice full of power and the songs on this album are skillfully arranged . For me , the fact that I can listen to a whole CD and not be embarrased by the lyrics is an added bonus . The only complaint is that I think Clay 's voice sounds a little tired - not quite up to what he displayed on American Idol . Still , even tired Clay sounds better than any other so-called singer on the pop , hip/hop , rap scene . As long as Clay is recording , I 'll be buying .
 This is definitely the cd to buy if you want to hear more from Clay Aiken , and especially if you are a fan . With hits like `` Measure of a Man , '' `` I Will Carry You , '' and `` Sad Song , '' you will want to listen to this again and again and share it with everyone you know . It also would make the perfect Christmas gift for anyone - young or old . GO CLAY
 I just wanted to say that this young man should go far in his music career . I have watched him from his initial interview/tryout for American Idol and his talent is amazing . I look forward to listening and seeing more of him . I believe he would also do well in the acting profession . The young people of today need more idols like him . Clay , stay as nice and sweet as you are today.Good Luck and Best Wishes for your successful future . You deserve all the good things that are coming to you.Trish -LRB- a Grandmother -RRB-
 Clay 's Measure of a Man CD is wonderful . I usually buy a CD and end up skipping 3 or 4 songs everytime I listen to it , but not this one . I love every single song . Clay has an incredible voice . My 4 year old loves him too . We get in the car and he says `` Mom , please put Clay on '' and I am only too happy to do it . He is a great role model , and we need them today . And he is singing music that anyone can listen to and love , from my 4 year old to me -LRB- 34 -RRB- to my mother -LRB- I 'd better not say -RRB- . Thanks , Clay , for being real ! and for sharing your beautiful voice and attitude with the world .
 I think clay is really cute there is alot of people that would agree i also thought that he should have been the next american idol and not runner up the cd is very awsome i love all the songs me and my boyfriend always listen to that cd together and clay if u get a chance to read this you are awsome always stay cool
 Clay strikes a bigger hype than any of the American Idols and debuts his first album which is just amazing ! Clay is a talented , sweet young man with many ambitions for the future.His voice is so strong and will carry you track to track . My favorite song on this album is `` I survived you `` My only complaint to this CD , is that many of the songs sound the same . However , clay did a good job vocally on the songs , and many people will enjoy this CD !
 This is an amazing collection of songs , and are delivered to us in the wonderful voice of Clay Aiken . All songs on the album will touch you emotionally and you will not be able to stop listening . Do n't miss this one . Also , do n't miss the new single `` The Way/Solitaire '' . You have never heard `` Solitaire '' sung like this before . I promise you wo n't be disappointed with either album and will be waiting to see what he will sing next .
 I have kept trac of Clay since AI . I Can not get enough of his new wave of music . He has a very unique voice and is very talented and pure . His voice shines and his personality only makes him more interesting . A bold approach by him to capture an audiance that is tired of the garbage that is being put out there by so called singers of now . He is showing that there is a huge market for a less blatent sexual market of music needed for a huge demogragraphic . But at the same time he captures the , can I say Hotness , that is there without being crude . I can see him going very far with a very needed new/old concept . Can I compare him with Frank Sinotra with a twist of new wave . He sings with a flair that from young to old , each drawing there own conclusions from his lyrics and making them their own feelings and meanings of each song as they perceive them .
 I really enjoyed this single . I think Clay Aiken is an AWESOME singer with a lot of talent and would definately suggest this cd to others !
 I have had Clay 's album for 21/2 months -LRB- since it first came out -RRB- , and I have to say I do n't get tired of listening to it . Some say this album does n't have anything special on it , and that it does n't show off the range of Clay 's voice . I have to disagree with those who find fault with the album . Clay has a phenomenal voice , and I am sure that we will be hearing much more from him in the years to come .
 I voted for Clay and really looked forward to his album coming out !! So happy about Clay 's first album , I love all of the songs , and am so happy to hear that THE WAY will be his next single . GREAT CD CLAY !!!!
 I love Clay ! I live close to Raleigh where Clay is from , so I 'm one of the crazy Tar Heels but I 'm not biased . Measure Of A Man is trully a wonderful , well-crafted , and beautifully sung piece of art . There is n't too much more to say other than that . Its just great . I love every song but the two I 'm addicted to right now are Shine and I Survived You . Clay 's the best !
 Whoever said Clay needs to sing covers of old Frank Sinatra , Johnny Mathis , and other older songs , you are wrong . Clay is establishing himself as an artist , not a kareokie singer . Singing cover tunes would be bad right now . I 'm glad he stayed away from cover tunes . He is proving himself and breaking out on his own . These songs cover everything from soft rock to country to pop . He does n't even have the same vocal styles as Frank Sinatra and Johnny Mathis and Barry Manilow . He has a much stronger instrument and it is used to his advantage in songs like The Way , Run to Me , Perfect Day , and Measure of a Man . Other songs , like When You Say You Love Me , Invisible , and Touch are more uptempo and sexy . Frank Sinatra and Johnny Mathis did not have a lot of range . Clay would only waste his voice if he sang songs from them . In any case , these songs are a perfect showcase of his talent and versatility .
 It 's been many years since I 've been this moved by a singer and the songs he sings are straight from his heart and touch the soul with it 's magic . The songs Clay sings , his heart and his voice cross the generation `` gap '' -LRB- my daughter and parents also enjoy Clay 's style and voice -RRB- and truly can be enjoyed by all . This CD is one you can sing to , slow dance to and love to both now and in the future ... . it truly is a timeless and classic treasure .
 Altho I Like Ruben very much I was disappointed that Clay did not win top billing on American Idol . I eagerly awaited the release of this album and I was worried when I heard the first critics opinions . They talked of how boring it was . I bought it anyway and I havent regretted it from the very first time I played it . I cant say that there is a song on this album that I dont like and the more I play it the better it gets . I can only see Clay getting better from here as he got better with each and every American Idol Show . If you like Clays voice this album is a must have and play it often to get the full pleasure from it . It definitely Gets Better Every Time !
 I wrote on this album acouple of days after it was released and gave it 5 stars . i really did not like the demo 's except for MEASURE OF A MAN . I bought it because after all it was ` CLAY ' and played it acouple of times and now can not play anything else . I ca n't remember the last time i bought a cd and enjoyed almost all of the songs on it . TOUCH is my least favorite but it is growing on me . I loved it after playing it acouple of times but now i wish i really could rate it more stars as it 's the first cd that makes me feel so happy and gets me singing along . For his first cd , i think its great . THE WAY is my personal favorite , The end is so powerful with CLAY 'S voice . If you are thinking songs from al2 , then this is not the cd for you , BUT if you want a cd that has you singing along in no time and lifts your spirits on a bad day , then i recomend this cd . It is wonderful !!! I will buy anything this young man puts out .
 I bought this cd the day it came out and I must say that everyday since then I have not played it less than 3 times a day at least . INVISIBLE is a great upbeat song and fun to sing along with . My favorite slow song on this cd is RUN TO ME . . i love all the songs and i am trying to memorize all the lyrics to each and every song . Clay Aiken has become a star in every right . Way to go Clay !!!!
 I ca n't get enough of this marvelous CD . I have to admit I play it over and over again , every day . It is mesmerizing.To those who say the album does not reflect this singer -LRB- i.e. , he is not a song writer so he does n't know squat -RRB- , I say WHO CARES ? How many artists out there today actually write their own songs and have lived every word of them ?? To naysayers who do not believe a good singing voice makes an artist , well , I think there are about two million people out there who would tend to disagree with that assumption !! I have news for all of you doubters . This IS real music ; music that has been sorely missing from the airwaves for years . So , you 'd better get used to it - Clay is here to stay.AND I , FOR ONE , WILL CONTINUE TO BUY HIS MUSIC AS LONG AS HE CHOOSES TO GRACE US WITH HIS REFRESHING STYLE AND MARVELOUS VOCAL ABILITIES!Buy Measure of a Man and see for yourself what REAL SINGING is !
 MY WHOLE FAMILY ARE FANS OF CLAY AIKEN . WE ARE FROM 7 TO 76 , ME BEING 76 . HIS VOICE AND HIS MUSIC TOUCHES YOUR HEART . THERE IS NOT A SONG ON HIS ALBUM -- THE MEASURE OF A MAN -- THAT WILL NOT MOVE YOU . HE IS THE GENUINE ARTICLE . HIS VOICE AND HIS SMILE AFFECTS EVERY ONE THAT LISTENS TO HIS MUSIC AND WATCHES HIM . THERE IS NOTHING FALSE ABOUT THIS YOUNG MAN . I AM AS PROUD OF HIM AS IF HE WAS ONE OF MY OWN GRANDCHILDREN . MY 7 YEAR OLD GRANDSON BILLY WILL RUN AND TELL ME -- IT IS CLAY AIKEN GRANDMA AND HE IS SO EXCITED . I COULD NOT BEGIN TO TELL YOU HOW MY 15 YEAR OLD GRANDAUGHTER FEELS ABOUT HIM !! SHE THINKS HE IS MORE THAN GREAT . LIKE JERRY LEWIS SAID HE KNOWS TALENT WHEN HE HEARS IT AND I KNOW TALENT WHEN I HEAR IT AND MY HEART FEELS IT . BUY CLAY 'S ALBUM === YOU WO N'T BE SORRY !!!! === GOOD LUCK CLAY
 Its official.AMA announced that the favorite male artist is.CLAY AIKEN . . HOW ABOUT THAT?Like we did n't know.This album and clays single are awesome.Clay has such a beautiful voice and he does an outstanding job on this cd . His album is the best pop album of the year . Need I say more . Good job Clay !!
 I think this is a great debut album from one of the latest Idol alums . I bought this CD on its release date , and I have to admit that the first time I listened to it , I was n't sure that I liked it -- but how many times has anyone listened to a new album and been totally blown away on the first listen ? So I listened to it a second time , and the songs started to grow on me -- and I spent the entire afternoon listening to the album repeatedly . His music/lyrics have a kind of Neil Diamond/Michael Bolton/Barry Manilow feel to them -- so if you do n't like that type of music genre , you probably wo n't enjoy this CD.Some reviewers have noted that the songs seem similar and seem to blend into one another -- and I agree that the songs have a similar sound to them , but it does n't prevent me from enjoying them -- over and over ! I truly enjoy all of the tracks , but if I had to pick out some favorites , they 'd be
 This CD sent chills down my spine . Clay Aiken is a very gifted vocalist .
 okay Clay mania has been around for awhile , but I never watched AI , heard Clay 's name here & there but never heard the `` voice . '' I was walking through Costco , and if you see my c.d. collection you know I dont ' go through any store with c.d. 's w/o buying one , so because of some unknown force I decided to get Clay Aiken 's new album measure of a man , I did n't know one song on it , but yet felt so inclined to purchase the disk . Anyhow , it took a day are two to grow on me , and now it has n't left my c.d. player in over a week . I said I was over the pop fluff , but here I go again , only this is n't fluff , Clay 's voice is AMAZING , and that 's an understatement . I saw him on Primetime , and fell in love with his person , and now I love his voice , even some of the songs are beautifully written , though not penned by Clay , his voice and passion perfects the words and emotions being sung , my personal faves are `` Run to me , '' `` Measure of a Man , '' and of course the hit single and cute little video he does `` Invisible '' I love how it is n't just his voice that he puts to a song , but all his passion , and heart into it as well . You can tell he put a 110 % forth , and since I have become Clay-obsessed , I believe he definitly deserves this success !
 This CD was so fantastic ! I listened to it straight through all night . I loved `` No More Sad Songs , '' `` I Will Carry You , '' `` Run to Me , '' and `` Touch , '' but I think my favorite is definately `` Shine . '' While Invisible and The Way seem to be getting the most attention on this CD , I do n't think they are the best choice to display how great this CD is . : -RRB- I did think that `` When You Say You Love Me '' was the weak point on this product ... it was sort of annoying and repetitive . The only other -LRB- small -RRB- disapointment on the CD was I thought `` Touch '' sort of seemed to contradict the more clean ways Clay was proud of . Of course , it 's not sick in any way , and is n't anywhere close to the level of a lot of the garbage that 's selling right now . `` This is the Night '' is still great!I would definately , definately suggest you buy this CD ... in the rare case you do n't enjoy it , I 'm SURE you have at least one friend who will !
 I love the voice of CLAY AIKEN . This CD rocks and is so exciting and entertaining to hear . This CD is my favorite CD of all time . I love the song `` I Will Carry You . '' Clay Aiken 's singing style is so different and musical . Clay Aiken is an amazing talent !!!
 Besides proving that there was a conspiracy against him winning AI 2 , Clay Aiken has become a true superstar ... something that has eluded the rest of the AI winners and runners up ! This CD proves it ... Clay is real ... he is here ... and when his time is up he will have the graciousness to say ... `` Thank You all and God Bless You ! It was a Great Run ! '' Clay Aiken is the best role model one could have for today 's youth . Thank you Clay and Bravo !!!!!
 At last an artist who can actually sing . Love this distinctive voice and enjoy all the tracks on this CD .
 Outstanding ! Brilliant ! Clay Aiken proves he 's the Idol who will outlast the rest ... because of his true talent . Bravo !
 This is a great CD . I really enjoyed it . Clay really has an amazing voice ! My favorite tracks are Invisible , The Way , This is the Night , Perfect Day , and Measure of a Man . I definately recommend this CD for everyone . I think you will all enjoy it !
 I got this album on the day it was released October 14th , have listened to it a zillion times , and am not the least bit tired of it . Clay is truly something different , something words ca n't describe . There is such a variety of songs and emotions on this CD , all of which are sung excellently . I too , like many , have been a fan of him since Day 1 , and will be for a very long time . I would highly recommend this CD , even to those who still think of him as the `` American Idol Runner-Up . '' : -RRB- Oh , and btw , I totally agree with WH Miller on the fact that Mister Monkey should not be allowed such terrible things like that . I read some of his other reviews and they are both racist and homophobic . Please Amazon , take this into consideration . Thanks .
 This is a very addictive CD ! I was very anxious to listen to the cd the day that it came out and I have n't stop listening since!At first , I did an initial run through to get a feel for what kind of sound the label would produce with this incredible voice . I must say that there are several tracks -LRB- which is unheard of for a debut artist -RRB- that I love to listen to over and over ... Aside from his first single , Invisible , which I always thought was catchy , easy going fun pop ! , I am amazed at some of the other tracks . Specifically , `` Perfect Day '' , `` The Way '' , `` I survived you '' and of course the most thought provoking , '' Measure of a Man '' -LRB- Think of the families of the 9/11 firefighters , the message Clay is projecting to the Music Industry , and even the life of Jesus Christ - these all apply to this incredible song -RRB- I must admit that listening to this positive , upbeat and sometimes thought provoking cd has made me an even larger fan of this exceptional artist ! Enjoy it and share it with those you love !
 I have CD 's ranging from the Rolling Stones to Queen to Blue Grass ... This CD by Mr. Aiken is hard to put down . The songs pull you in . . and not the first time . . Listen to the songs and the feeling in the songs and you will be pulled into the magic of Mr. Aiken 's voice . The Way and I Survived You are especially great songs . I wish Mr. Aiken all the success in the world and I for one will continue buying and listening to his music . I hope Mr Aiken keeps true to himself and continues providing the type of music that has not been heard for a long time -- just good music by a talented man !
 I love this CD and all the songs on it . I was a little unsure at first but his voice has won me over big time . I will buy anything that he puts out . He has an amazing voice . I am normally a country western fan and usually listen to the radio but actually bought this CD and find myself listening and watching VH1 videos .
 I absolutely love this cd . It is great . Clay Aiken has such a marverlous voice . I ca n't wait for him to come out with more songs . I highly recommend this cd . You will love it .
 This CD I would recommend to anyone ! Clay 's voice is just so beautiful and real -LRB- unlike a certain Britney Spears -RRB- on this CD . My favorite songs on here are
 I first reviewed MOAM back in October , and gave it 5 stars ... this rating is no different . Since October , I got to see Clay live for the first time , and I love MOAM even more . The most improved song in my listening opinion is `` When You Say You Love Me '' . The recorded version is still my `` least favorite '' on the CD , but Clay 's OUTSTANDING live version makes me appreciate it even more . The rest of the songs are still great , catchy melodies , and Clay 's voice still gives me mega chills.I look forward to even better stuff to come from OMC in the future !!
 Dont you buy it either Honey , you take that money and buy you some reading material on how to spell , or better yet , get back into school , its very clear you are brainless.As for MOAM , it is one of the most refreshing CD 's to come on the market in eons , I can understand the words even , isnt that amazing !! You go Clay !!
 Clay has such a fantastic voice ! I am amazed when I listen to this CD . I have not got hooked onto a singer like this as long as I remember . I just keep playing it over and over !
 How many CD 's do you own that you never tire of listening too ? I have had this cd in my car since its release date , its that good . Clay Aiken is a natural talent , his voice is truly breathtaking . Most of today 's artists are more interested in the shock and awe , just look at the videos out today , but their true voice is somewhat average . Clay 's voice is phenomenal , and that is what shines through on this cd .
 I already knew this CD should have a 10 star rating , because itis just that good . Real Music and Real Singing , how refreshing isthat in an era of depraved so called music . Whoever saw theAmerican Idol Xmas special had to be totally blown away by hisperformance of `` Do n't Save It All For Xmas Day '' . WOW , WOW , WOW.It was spectacular and the only redeeming highlight of the show.I have heard Celine Dion sing that song and though I love hervoice I have to say Clay now owns that song . I truly hope heputs out a Xmas CD next year . There was more power and passionin that performance than I have seen in a very long time . Itactually gave me chills and does n't happen very often.One more note , do we really need music critics ? All they do isspout their personal opinion and their personal taste , Or lackof , in music . I believe most of us know what we like to listento and what we do n't . I always ignore whatever a music critichas to say , because if I had n't I would have missed out on alotof great music over the years . I ca n't wait to see how he tearsup Solitare !
 My goodness , I did not watch American Idol on TV . One day I was at my friends house and she had Measure Of A Man on her stereo playing THE WAY was on and I was BLOWN AWAY !!! I asked her who was singing and she said CLAY ! I was like , Clay from that show ? My goodness , I went to the store on my way home from her house and picked Measure Of A Man up and bought it . Brought it home and I tell you , Clay Aiken is a wonderful singer ! My goodness , I practically listen to this cd 24/7 ! I also watched the Christmas Special because I wanted to see Clay and my goodness , he sang Do n't Save It All for Christmas and I am so glad I taped it on my TiVo !!!! I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND Clay to you !!!!
 I have had this CD since it was released , and have played it over and over . This young man can sing !!! But what is really impressive is that not only can he sing ; but he is a true role model for the youth of today !! I watched AMA and was saddened and angered by what the music industry is selling to our youth ; and trying to tell them is the ` way to be ' ! I was even embarrassed by some of the adult singers , that should know better ! Clay Aiken is a breathe of fresh air in this industry ; his wholesome music and lifestyle . I would recomend this CD for all the young people on your Christmas list !
 I have read a lot of reviews and articles about this CD . I have bought it and have to say I listen to it quite often . Clay 's voice is what I really notice on all of the songs.One review I read not too long ago said '' ... he has the RARE DISTINCTION of going platinum in both his debut single and debut album . '' How many of today 's seasoned music performers can claim the same ?? CLAY AIKEN has talent , charisma and a bright future in the pop music arena . Buy Measure of a Man -- it 's Platinum Plus for a reason !!
 I saw this kid on Letterman last night and I think he 's getting ready to take over da world . His voyce is beautiful and his songs are pleasing . I ca n't figure out why there 's so many playa hataz out there against this guy , but maybe it 's because you 're all jealous.This guy will be around for a long , long time , so git used to it.He 's way better than Justin and all the other perpetrators.This guy ai n't the disease or even a symptom of the disease , not even close . Do n't hate the playa foolz ... hate the game .
 Bravo ! Bravo ! Bravo ! Excellent work ! Job well done ! I ca n't say anything bad about this CD . I like every single track . The first time that I listened to the entire CD I thought that it sounded a little like Donny Osmond and a little like Michael W. Smith . What a great mixture of songs . I love them all . Measure Of A Man is definately a must have .
 My daughter had to twist my arm to order this for her ; and now that I have , I 'm ordering one for myself . It is really beautiful -- all the way through -- but , I think `` Touch '' is my favorite .
 After eagerly awaiting the release of measure of a man , I purchased it after attending a meeting on Tuesday night . I listened to it on my way home enjoying each song . I would listen to one and say it was the best but then listen to the next one declaring it the best . My favorite on the CD is When You Say You Love Me . Each song displays Clay 's talent as a singer displaying all of the ranges that Clay can sing . I enjoyed the CD so much and listen to it over and over on my way in to work and also while at work and on my way home from work . I did lend the CD to my daughter and she too loved it -LRB- I will purchase her own CD for her . -RRB- I hope Clay will come out with another CD soon maybe singing alot of Neil Sedak 's music and even some of Barry Manilow 's . Again , every Clay fan will be highly entertained when listening to the CD . Keep up the good work .
 My daughter had to twist my arm to order this for her ; and now that I have , I 'm ordering one for myself . It is really beautiful -- all the way through -- but , I think `` Touch '' is my favorite .
 I had just about given up on ever having a new version of a great voice that has power as well as great controle over it as to be able to sing great power ballads and then go into light rock with the same ease as if it was different singers on the same CD . And all of that with beautiful phrasing that makes you believe that the singer actually exerienced every emotion eventhough they were written by another person . The only singer that comes to mind with this much talent is Barbra Streisand.Invisible ... has got a nice beat to it and I do n't care how old you are it makes you dance ... I dare you not to move to it!I will carry you ... it does just that carries you , lifts your spirit!The way ... it makes you want to go hug your partner and slow dance!When you say you love me ... like invisible ... I dare you not to dance to it!No more sad songs ... thanks to his interpretaion I can actually live the song.Run to me ... just sit back , relax and enjoy!Shine ... makes you feel that the sun will come out!I survived you ... one of my favorite , a ballad ... listen to the phrasing on that one ... my what a wonderful singer!This is the night ... wonderful , uplifting and powerful ballad!It 's gon na be a perfect day ... uplifting makes you want to fall in love for the first time or all over again!Measure of a man ... I think is my favorite ... the mood it sets you in is incomparable ... the first time I heard it I just cried ... just profoundly happy to have that CD.Touch ... get your dancing shoes on again!On and all this album is an emotional rollercoaster ride that I 'm happy to ride all day long . Clay Aiken is one of the rare singers we have that can actually bring something more to a song . For it is his voice and interpretation of songs that has made me want to buy this album and I 'm so glad I bought it !
 WOW , CLAY ! YOU REALLY HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK . MEASURE OF A MAN is a compilation that will be the lasting treasure of my CD collection . In true form , Clay performs beautiful ballads with moving words and you can feel -LRB- and imagine seeing -RRB- the emotion he is expressing . The ballads are more up tempo than Clay 's AI2 performance classics , but they are all very enjoyable . Some make you want to cry , some make you want to dance , and some just plain make you smile . Everything about Clay 's voice and these songs makes even the worst day in your life a `` Perfect Day . '' You 'll want to purchase multiple copies so you have one in the car , one at home , one at work , and so on ... Way to go , Clay !
 This album is incredible ! It has been too , too long since an album has been made that is packed with all # 1 hits . Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man will revolutionize the music industry . His pure , amazing voice is brethtaking . This album is a definite MUST for all Music Lovers of all ages .
 How many different ways can you say you love a CD . I ca n't think of enough ways to say it . Every song is a winner . From the first moment I heard it I felt it was more than I had expected . This CD is way beyond my wildest dreams . I 'm going to enjoy listening to it immensely and am looking forward to the next one and the next one after that . What a talent we have found in Clay . Love to listen to his music and love to see him perform .
 everyone MUST go out and buy this wonderful cd by super star Clay Aiken !! it will leave you breathless and wanting more !! do n't delay , it will sell out fast !!!
 This CD is so great ! I knew it would be really good , but this is crazy . Every song is sure to be a hit . Clay has proved over and over again that he is truly THE american idol . Simon must be kicking himself in the butt . Clay has shown everyone the type person he is and the class that he possesses . Each song on this CD shows how Clay can sing ANY type of song , unlike some of the other AI2 finalists . These songs have meaning and you feel like you are getting to know another part of Clay . Each and every song will become your favorite . Clay is just phenomenal . Thank you , Clay .
 When I first heard this CD , I was very disappointed . It seemed that most of the songs were slow songs . About a week later , I decided to listen to it again . The more I listen to this album , the more I enjoy it . I would have liked some more upbeat songs like `` Invisible '' , but the songs are really great . It 's a good `` middle of the road '' kind of album . My kids and I are having fun with this album but I hope his next one is more upbeat .
 I thought this forum was a place for people to voice their opinion , thathave actually purchased this Fantastic CD , and write a review ofwhat we thought of this product . Obviously not , it has turnedinto a Slash and Gash for people to slander an innocent victim.People have and will always have different tastes in music . It isimpossible for everyone to like the exact same thing , what a boring world that would be . Our tastes are varied from bluegrassto opera to rap to hip-hop to heavy metal and everything in between . I woulld n't review a rap or hip-hop or heavy metal Cd , because I will never own one . Just as these very immature nastyreviewers will never own this CD . For those of us that have beenwaiting a very long time for a male singer with a tremendous voice and songs we can listen to in mixed company this CD is areal blessing . Why attack an artist on what they look like ? Thatis n't criticism of the music that is childish . I would never notbuy Ruben 's CD because he is overweight . So can we try and be adults here and only review this CD if we own it , not just because we have a password to Amazon.Com . Even better would be ifyou could only review this CD if you had bought it from Amazon.Com . that way true reviews would be printed and would lessen alot of these spam reviews .
 I love every song ! My favorites are `` Shine '' and `` Perfect Day '' , these two stand out . `` Measure of a Man '' is fantastic too . This is the first album I have bought that there is no song you want to skip . I can honestly say this is the best album I have ever owned .
 I have been waiting for this album since the last episode of American Idol . I must say that this album was well worth the wait . The songs in `` Measure of a Man '' are well-suited for Clay 's vocal range and he sounds like he has been doing this for years . My favorite songs are `` Measure of a Man '' , `` No More Sad Songs '' and of course , `` This is the Night . '' I feel that these songs really bring out the best of him . Contrary to the reviewers who believed that his voice is too Broadway-like , I think in fact he did a great job not to over-enunciate the words . I highly recommend this album to anyone , even if they are not fans of American Idol or Clay Aiken . I am also very pleased that Clay broke all those records for the number of sales in the first week and so on . It is amazing that he has so many fans - not because of his looks but because of his voice .
 I have to tell you I ` am one of those that only buys `` Best Of '' CD 'S ... I hate to spend the money to only listen to 1 or 2 tracks . . With this CD I have listened to every single song from the first time ! I can honestly say that this is the only CD I have ever bought that I can listen to again and again . Well worth the price and a CD that will be among my favorites for years to come .
 THIS IS THE BEST CD I HAVE PURCHASED IN QUITE A LONG TIME.EVERY SONG IS GREAT.I AM SO PROUD THAT I ALSO LIVE IN NC.WHEN I HEARD THAT MOAM WENT DP TODAY I WAS SHOCKED.I HAVE 2 COPIES MYSELF.PLEASE TAKE A LISTEN.YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY.GO OUT AND BUY YOURSELF A COPY OF MOAM.I AGREE WITH BILLOARD SAYING THAT MOAM IS THE BEST POP ALBUM OF 2003 .
 Being a retired music critic , I was extremely interested in this particular CD given the American Idol 's 1st runner-up status . Talk around the water coolers in the Industry is that Aiken is a serious thorn in American Idol 's side because he seems to be making a mockery of the entire concept of the show . Example
 I am a huge Clay Aiken fan . I loved the CD single for `` This is the Night/Bridge Over Troubled Water '' , especially Clay 's emotional version of `` Bridge ... '' . When I bought this CD when it came out , I had very high hopes . I like the CD , but I do n't love it the way I love the CD single . `` Invisible '' was a hit off the CD as it well deserved to be , but I can see how the record company had a hard time finding another hit single off this collection . Most of the songs seem very bland and lack originality . Clay 's performance is excellent on all tunes , he just needs better material . I think that is why when they released the second single from the CD , `` The Way '' , they added his recording of Neil Sedaka 's `` Solitaire '' -LRB- which is excellent - but I will review that CD single separately -RRB- . Here is what I think they need to do for Clay 's next release . Get him better original material that lets him show range and emotion and also let him work his magic on cover versions of older songs . Clay can have a very succesful career in this area -LRB- just look at the success of Michael Buble and Josh Groban -RRB- . Let him be who he is and stop trying to make him a Pop Star .
 I have alway been more a listener to country music and the oldies . I love music that makes you feel good and emote . Ballads are my favorite . Clay 's voice just totally captures my soul . When he sings I just feel as though he has such a connection to his audience . While I do believe that there are better songs out there for Clay , I feel that his beautiful voice brings each and every song to life on this cd and makes it a beautiful thing to listen to . I ca n't wait for his sophmore cd . I believe with his experience he has now it will be something that everybody will take notice in .
 It 's just such a wonderful thing to have an incredible talent now bringing us family friendly ` pop ' content that we can enjoy as a family . And to have an artist that touches the hearts of 12 year olds , as well as 60 year olds , when was the last time we had this . This album will touch the heart of every member of the family , from child to grandparent , while being a new pop album . No one else out there can claim that now . And the songs on it are wonderful , the voice is so amazing . This guy will be around for many , many more years to come !
 Everything a good compilation should be
 Monk 's music is interpreted by many musicians . EST , a creative piano trio from Sweden do it as well , but now in a distinctive way . Bemsha Swing swings more , Round Midnight makes you awaken even at 2 a.m. and especially I Mean You in the beginning of the CD means so many things . They 're not in the region of cold and restrained music of Northern Europe like Garbarek etc. . Instead , they provide amazing interpretations for monkish guys and for all the jazz lovers . Great ...
 Young , fresh , talented , creative and estetic interpretations . A little Chick Corea , a little Keith Jarret and some young exprimental energy , voil&agrave; EST. . Try also their own compositions ` When everyone has gone ' , ` Winter in Venice ' , ` From Gagarins point of view ' and the latest ` Goodmorning Susie Soho ' ... Good luck . More music like this and we will eventually be able to breath properly .
 Until the untimely recent death of pianist/namesake Esbjorn Svensson in a scuba diving accident , the Esbjorn Svensson Trio was known to its fans for its imaginative compositions and virtuoso execution . On this remarkable early effort , the Trio tackles the music of legendary jazz man Thelonious Monk with an alacrity that belies the difficulty of the music and manages to imbue it with a touch that makes the music their own.I lay no claim to being an expert on Monk 's music , but I have heard most of these tunes before and can tell you that you will likely be pleasantly stunned on hearing the Trio 's renditions.I liked E.S.T. Plays Monk the first time I heard it and like it more every time I put it on . There is much to enjoy in the Trio 's approach . My favorites are
 Uno de los mejores discos de E.S.T y de jazz que he escuchado . Sin duda son geniales las interpretaciones del gran Teletonius Monk . No debe faltar en la fonoteca !!!
 Foi o amigo JoFlavio , consp&iacute;cuo membro do dilucidante blog Charuto Jazz , quem veio com a est&oacute;ria de que Thelonious Monk no sabia tocar piano . So dele as seguintes linhas
 Radu Lupu is indisputably one of the foremost pianists performing before the public today . Although his repertory is confined mainly to the classical school -LRB- Haydn , Mozart , Beethoven and especially Schubert -RRB- with certain longer or shorter forays into other realms -LRB- Schumann , Brahms , Grieg or even Bartok , Janacek and Debussy -RRB- , his live renditions as well as his recordings are greatly admired by worldwide audiences and praised by professional critics in flattering accolades . In a way , I dare say he remained - since Alfred Brendel 's retirement - the most authoritative figure among living pianists with regard to Golden Triad `` Mozart - Beethoven-Schubert '' . Released by DECCA as a celebratory bow for the 60th anniversary of Lupu , this Beethoven CD box set comprises recordings made for this label by the great Romanian pianist over more than twenty years , since his emerging on international concert platform in early 1970s . Coming with a hat-trick of first prizes -LRB- won in prestigious international piano competitions
 These are vital , powerful , sunny , and exuberant . I was suprised by Mehta 's conducting -LRB- no less than excellent throughout -RRB- . The sound itself and the balance between piano and orchestra I find ideal . Only one slightly slow tempo mars a performance
 The Zubin Mehta phenomenon in classical music has always been one of the most incomprehensible to me . It 's not worth going into endless surprises of coarseness and almost hostile approaches to music that his various performances have provided over the years . But proof that everyone has a bad day , which for a conductor with a grim output means almost the opposite , there is this Emperor Concerto . . It means there was one day where the heavens parted , or the mind cleared , and a great performance was given . The Emperor concerto here is just spectacular . Details appear in the orchestration like fauna of the forest , and the pianist is given a bold and bucolic background for a very brave performance . I do n't know what to make of it . Except to say it is great .
 On a cold February evening , Radu Lupu entered the Kennedy Center Concert Hall with Italian Conductor Gianandrea Noseda . After a brief bow to a sparse audience , Lupu sat motionless and unobtrusively in a plain chair as Noseda and the National Symphony Orchestra opened with the Allegro from Beethoven 's Third Piano Concerto . Lupu , his feet close together , sat back from the piano keys like a timid salesman waiting for an appointment . After Beethoven 's self asserted introduction , the piano repeated the allegro theme , at times delicate in counterpoint ; the playing , enhanced and heightened by rising violins , is neither forced nor nonchalant , disclosimg Lupu 's poetic artistry of experience and reverie . The exquisite Largo opens so slowly , so patiently , each note so clear and pristine , like a floating bubble ; by the time the violins enter the listener realizes Lupu 's performance is a deeply personal evocation of this short middle movement . Beethoven ' s tribute to Mozart shows in the Rondo as he seems to bridge his classic and romantic strains at this point of the composer 's early career . Revisiting this wonderful live performance was the reason for purchasing this CD . Lupu playing , Mehta conducting and the Israel Philharmonic performance is as close to my enthralling Concert Hall experience as possible .
 I 've been assured , by a raft of Unhelpfuls and snarky comments , that my reviews of Radu Lupu are far off the mark . I have not been a fan of the Romanian pianist , now 64 , who made the bulk of his recordings decades ago . I felt that I should return to them now that Decca is commemorating their long-standing relationship with Lupu by gathering hs discography into mid-priced box sets . Here we have the five Beethoven piano concertos filled out with three sonatas , two rondos , a set of variations , and the early quintet for piano and winds.The concertos with Mehta and the Israel Phil . date from the late Seventies/early Eighties and come in excellent sound , with the piano miked close up . Concerto # 1 reminded me immediately of my doubts about Lupu . He produces an even , elegant tone , but everything is so underplayed that I am baffled why anyone would admire it . It 's as if the pianist wants to erase himself form the picture by a superhuman ct of restraint . Another admired pianist , Andras Schiff , tends to mirror this approach . The finale is springy and vivacious , however ; it 's the saving grace of the performance.I quickly realized that a detailed review of every concerto might seem like rubbing salt in the wound . There are good impressions . The Adagio of Concerto # 2 is elegantly handled , and the finale is bouncy and exuberant . Throughout Lupu is assured and capable of a pearlescent tone even in the fastest passagework . Mehta has generally excelled as an accompanist , but here he offers almost no ideas . Instead of being an equal partner , he is content to provide a comfortable cushion of orchestra sound . This becomes more damaging as the concertos become greater . The third has a dull , cautious first movement on the part of both soloist and conductor . I much prefer to hear this work as a bold precursor to the Emperor Cto . The most enjoyable movements , as in the two earlier works , is the buoyant finale.Those who love tis kind of playing , praised by the Gramophone as `` beguilingly elegant , '' will feel differently of course . The sight of Lupu in concert sounds ntriguing
 I recently ordered this same CD as a gift for my wife . She loved it so much that she asked me to order another one as a going-away gift for a close friend , who was leaving the state . The friend loved it as well . If you love Beethoven , you ca n't go wrong buying this CD . I can not think of anyone who plays his piano concertos any better .
 I 'm not sure the `` Best Of '' tag is appropriate as this compilations is just tracks from three albums ' 87 , '89 and ' 91 . Really ? That 's the `` best '' you can come up with for a guy who first performed in the late 60 's ? Anyway , I 'm a fan . Here he stretches out a bit adding some Afro and Latin influences to his always excellent musicality and musicianship .
 This group have crossed the lines of the typical merengue rythm . the lyrics and the musical compositions are so different and unique . These guys have a style and flavor that other groups do n't have . I had the oportunity to see them live and `` MY GOD '' they are really , really good . their show is incomparable and their dance steps are a mix of the NY , flavor combined with hte true caibean Sazon . Good luck to you guys .
 Its about time that a merengue group has exeded the barriers of the same old non lyrical merengue . As a Latin Music listener , this Cd is the best Cd i 've listen to so far . Vocal , arrangements and overall the lyrical content of it can not be compare with others . I believe that this group of young guys are going to go far very far not only in the merengue industry but in the music industry itself .
 I THOUGHT THIS WAS A GREAT CD ! THE RHYTHM AND LYRICS ARE PERFECT COMBINATION TO MAKE THIS MERNGUE CD HAVE A SOULFUL SWING . FRASE KLAVE HAS ACHIEVED A NEW SOUND THAT OTHER MERENGUE ARTISTS ARE LACKING . I RECOMMEND IT FOR ENJOYING WITH A SIGNIFICANT OTHER AND BEST OF ALL - DANCING !
 this group is cleary one of the best and least known ever ! If this band would have put out a second cd , they would have been big time right now . . They have the sound the vocals the funk AND the sound , you name it ! this is worth the money.the arreglos are clean and funky . . blas a memeber of this group is my cousin , , , , we come from the same blood , , , thats why we get down , , , he sings , , , i play !!! morera , , , yo soy valerio ... P.A PEOPLE LOVE YA ! , , , , , MERENGUE NEEDS THESE CATS RIGHT NOW !!!!
 Elder is very talented and I know that he will go far in his musical career . Congrats ! from Mari at SourceOne !
 I like this cd , it has a real zing to it ! The new artist 's have a real sense of style in the vocal dept.
 I THOUGHT THE ALBUM WAS DONE VERY TASTEFULLY . IT BOUGHT ME BACK TO WHEN TALENT WAS A VERTUE . THE LYRICS WERE WELL WRITEN AND HAD ALOT OF MEANING THAT I AS A YOUNG MAN CAN RELATE TO .
 I was a huge fan of Lost Souls , though they were relatively unknown to the world outside of Sweden , -LRB- despite the fact I live in New Zealand -RRB- I randomly picked up a copy of Closeyoureyesanditwonthurt I found one day and was totally blown away . A mix of Hard tuned industrial metal and aggressive vocals that , overall , was better than anything else in the genre at the time , even Fear Factory . Through a string of disappointments with labels and frustration at not being able to break out of Sweden they changed their name and their sound . A lucky thing since it looks like they just about called it quits . Sallings vocals are just as awesome , but the band has abandoned the industrial side of their music and turned their sound into more modern metal with a touch of the 80 's bay area thrash . Overall a very good album , very technical , and a very unique sound . definately worth checking out if your a fan of true metal .
 Admittedly , this wo n't come close to being an `` essential '' acquisition even for jazz enthusiasts and devoted Miles Davis fans let alone newcomers who do n't have much classic Miles and Coltrane in their collections . But for a few musicians , scholars , and aficionados the album may come as a welcome discovery if for one reason only
 Hear the working versions of your favorite tunes . Well worth the cash , get it before it becomes unavailable . Miles Davis -LRB- tpt -RRB- , Sonny Stitt -LRB- ts -RRB- , Wynton Kelly -LRB- p -RRB- , Paul Chambers -LRB- b -RRB- , Jimmy Cobb -LRB- d -RRB- . The music is peaceful , intense , divine !!! 1960 lives Miles Davis is my favorite , streching out , but still keeping to the music .
 This is a great album , but if you expect a totally serious Celtic album and do n't like humor , stay away . Lalla Rookh has an infectious humor in concert and some of these songs bring them right off the stage
 This is a good single , with `` Goin Down '' being a very fun song , excellent lyrics and sung well by Melanie C. No doubt a sign of more good songs to come for her , `` Goin Down '' is pure rock music and is well written with good words in the song ...
 a Wicked song ... bi really like it . i 'm glad Melanie did some rock songs to her album . absolutely fantastic
 I Love spice girls songs and when mel sang she had this screamy voice not like the others who has gentle voice now u figure she has amazoing voice the song is WICK it 's such jumping voice WAY TO GO MEL Bye
 Melanie has a fantastic voice , the songs that I 've heard are exelent and her new look is great , I just wan na wish the best of luck to melanie.GO ON MEL !
 GREAT!GREAT!GREAT ! SHE IS SO GREAT THAT SHE HAS MADE IT ! I 'VE ALWAYS PRAYED THAT SOMEDAY SHE WOULD MAKE HER OWN ALBUM , NOW SHE 'S MADE IT , AND I 'M SO EXCITED TO SEE IT NOW ! AND GOIN ' DOWN IS FANTASTIC ! I LOVE IT VERY MUCH ! I LOVE U MEL !!!
 Melanie has definetly been turning heads with this number , it 's totalll rockin ' !! I love it , it 's an excellent song and and she does a great performance of it . This is n't the last we 'll be hearing of her , she 's gon na be around for a long time , crankin ' out more hits !! Go Melanie !!!
 I bought this cd because I liked Goin ' Down but once the b-side , Angel on My Shoulder , came on I got chills because it was absolutely beautiful . Melanie decated it to her grandparents and I have to say that it is her best work . I ca n't believe that it was n't put on the album , if she released it , i have no doubt it would go to # 1 . Melanie is a beautiful person and it reflects in this song .
 Melanie C in my opinion has always had the best voice out of the spice girls and going it alone was always going to be a wise decision , as too is the choice to release a track like this . Going down is the only track like this on her album and its a shame . Mel C has shown that she can cover a whole range of different types of songs and be good at them all . Well done Melanie !!
 Hey people ! This cd is awesome ! I agree w / lori on what she said 1 . Because shes my bestest friend in the whole wide world and 2 . it really is great ! I really think that b-side is the best though ... but im glad there is still lingering fans out there ! keep it up !
 I do n't know why I took so long to buy this single or any of Melanie 's other singles.I think Melanie is the best artist out there , I 've loved her and her music since her spice girl days.This album is great.I really love `` Angel on my Shoulder , '' its a nice touching song.I would also recommend buying the Goin ' Down CD 2 -LRB- if you do n't already have it -RRB- because `` I Want You Back '' is the greatest song ever.It 's my fave and if you have n't heard it , you should .
 This Single Rocks !!! Melanie C has always been my favorite Spice girl I just love her voice and her lyrics are just amazing ! 1 . Goin ' down -- This is one of my favorite songs of all time ! It embodies the pure wrath and frustration of a break up . With a beat strong enough to knock the walls down . This is the radio version and the difference is in the vocals , she sounds like she 's singing it normally instead of the album version where she sounds like she 's on a mega-phone .2 . Ga Ga -- same great album version . I love this song . Its another great relationship disaster song .3 . Angel on my shoulder -- Very Mellow and light hearted as far as the beat is concerned . The lyrics are very sweet and smart . Now that I think of it-This song is not too far off from ` feel the sun ' yet not as deep .
 Unlike some people I think Melanie C 's `` Goin Down '' is an awesome song.I never thought I would hear a Spice Girl sing music like this ever.This is an awesome song.The lyrics are simply brilliant.The other songs on here are `` Ga Ga '' and the b-side `` Angel On My Shoulder '' . `` Ga Ga '' can also be found on Mel 's wonderful debut CD . `` Ga Ga '' is yet another well written song and is very catchy and not as angry as `` Goin Down '' . `` Angel On My Shoulder '' is the singles b-side . I bought this import for this song.It is such a beautiful and sweet song.I do n't understand why this one was n't on the album.This single is so awesome.Everyone who likes Mel 's debut album should definatly own this .
 Her new song is so GOOD ! I went to one of her concerts and loved it . I think she is going to do so good on a solo career for the moment . I wish her the best of LUCK . I love you Melanie !
 This single is just as wicked as the other . Angle on my shoulder is a great bonus track , it is so tender and sweet . So different to Goin ` Down yet just as good ... if not better . great lyrics to all the songs !
 I 'll admit , when I first heard this song , all I could say was `` what '' . . but I love it . I went to her concert in L.A. , knowing I would enjoy myself , but I walked out of there in total `` AWE '' , because she sang wonderfully ! Go'in Down is just one of many captivating songs on her CD `` Northern Star '' ... All I have to say is musis is `` AWESOME '' , and she is `` LOVELY '' !!!!!!
 I love Melanie C ! I think her voice is really good and I like the new look . I 'm sure that she will be a huge sucees and the best of luck to her !
 THE CD 'S IN THIS SET PROVES THAT NOT EVERYONE IN THE EARLY 80 'S WAS A ONE HIT WONDER.THIS SET IS THE BEST BRYAN ADAMS COLLECTION TO DATE.THESE ARE THE SONG 'S OF THE 80 'S THAT ARE PLAYED ON THE RADIO.JUST AS MUCH NOW AS THEY WERE BACK THAN . THE KIND OF SONG 'S THAT NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES YOU LISTEN TO THEM.THEY JUST SEEM TO NEVER GET OLD.IT IS HARD TO BELIEVE HOW OLD THESE CD 'S REALLY ARE 20 PLUS YEARS.BUT IF THEY WERE RELEASED TODAY THEY WOULD NOT SEEM OUT OF PLACE.FROM THE HARD TO THE SLOW SONG 'S ON THESE CD 'S IT ALL FLOWS TOGETHER.SO DO N'T JUST PUT ONE CD IN PUT THEM ALL IN.AND PLAY THE BACK TO BACK.THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT THERE ARE NOT ENOUGH SONG 'S ON THE CD 'S . ONLY 10 PER ALBUM , BUT YOU WILL NEVER SKIP OVER ONE . -LSB- ROME , NEW YORK : HOME OF WOODSTOCK 1999 -RSB-
 This set is the best Bryan Adams collection of all times ... I highly enjoy this man 's talent . He is a very talented artist .
 This albums spans alot of 80s synth-dance-funk stylings with updated rhythms and sounds . If you 're into really high high-hats and handclaps with plenty of varied vocalists , go for it . Stand out tracks include `` Music Makes You Lose Control '' with its infectious multiphonic bass guitar melodies and `` Sometimes '' as the end-all handclap slow-groove dance anthem of 1999 .
 This CD is on the same label that brought us Fatboy Slim and Air . If you like those acts , you should check out this CD , although this one has more of an 80 's sound . Love the use of Shannon on a track .
 Mr. Le Cont extracts only the kitchiest elements of modern dance music -LRB- disturbingly catchy bass lines , sweet synth melodies , dopey vocals -RRB- and slaps them together with tongue deeply in cheek.You will either be horrified or astonished at not the distillation of `` the 80s sound '' but the distillation of the collective memory -LRB- real or passed down through MTV retro afternoons -RRB- of `` the 80s sound '' . About half of it is bearable , but I am unable to stop playing that half . Help me
 this guy has done some nice 80s cheese worthy of that great decade , and hes only pretending to be french !
 This album jams ! Yes it is old school influenced but it is a lot catchy fresh techno-pop JAM !
 Jacques Lu Cont -LRB- aka Les Rhythmes Digitales -RRB- predates the electroclash movement , but gets lumped in Fischerspooner and Felix da Housecat just the same . Regardless of your opinions of electroclash , JLC was always obsessed with recapturing that special 80s sound and `` Darkdancer '' is his masterpiece . It 's the sort of album that you ca n't really repeat or it would be cliche , but on its own , it 's special . JLC revisits the 80s with a non-self-concious abandon . It 's not a `` wink wink - look how clever I am '' effort - not at all . One of the reasons 80s throwbacks can be so tedious is that they 're constantly reminding us that it 's okay for them to be cheesy because they 're being * intentionally * cheesy . JLC has no such pretensions . He 's simply happy to make fun music in his favorite style.There are a lot of great tracks here and only a few forgettable numbers . It 's happy , carefree , and fun . If you grew up in the 80s and you still secretly jam out to the classics , you 'll enjoy Darkdancer a lot .
 It was only obvious for me to do a review of Les Rhythmes Digitales Darkdancer album right after Madonna 's Confessions On A Dance Floor album.Les Rythmes Digitales 's Darkdancer album was way ahead of it 's time so people did n't know what to do with this excellent release from 1999 when it came out . Most anyone who was into electronica back when this was released they were either dancing to the euphoric beats of trance or chilling to a downbeat track in the backroom of a club.As I listen to this album today it still sounds very fresh . Every track is very nicely produced by Stuart Price aka Les Rhy . He even brings on Shannon of Let The Musi Play fame and the Would n't It Be Good musician Nik Kershaw on a couple of the tracks . The album sounds like the early 1980s dance music with the added electronic elements of today . None of these tracks sound tired at all . And when you listen Take A Little Time with Shannon on vocals it takes you back not to 1999 but to 1984 when Shannon had the big hit with Let The Music Play . Or the Nik Kershaw sung track Sometimes sounds like New Wave all over again.Darkdancer still sounds good today and it has many excellent tracks like Hypnotise , Dreamin ' , -LRB- Hey You -RRB- What 's That Sound ? , Brothers , Jacques Your Body -LRB- Make Me Sweat -RRB- , Music Makes You Lose Control and About Funk . So get it if you do n't have it already as it 's a masterpiece.SJwww.beatzblog.com
 I hated the 80 's with a passion -LRB- See the Human Leauge for Further Details -RRB- However , this album is unbelievably amazing !!! Im a DJ and Im into electronica , Ive progressed through various stages , starting off with Fatboy Slim and ending up with Aphex Twin . Darkdancer is a very welcome addition to the collection , it is an example of what 80 's music should have been . The synths are retro and the feeling generally upbeat . My favourite track has to be `` Hypnotise '' , that 80 's diso bassline sounds great out of a pair of 18inch subs !!! Forget anything else from the 80 's , buy this album !!!
 Darkdancer has quickly become my all-time favourite cd ever . I love what `` frenchies '' like Cassius and Daft Punk are doing , but the atmosphere of funk and nostalgia this album gives , is unbelievable ... unbeatable ! I bought it just three days ago , and ca n't stop listening to it . It 's one of those rare cd 's where you find yourself pressing `` repeat disc '' on your cd-player and just keep grooving along to it all day long ... every track is a classic ! Have to say that I really freak out when the track `` about funk '' comes on ... that has to be THE funkiest track ever !!! Finally a perfect album that defines funk , and what it 's all about ... in my opinion , anyway . Love it !
 LRD weaves an album that promises to fullfill the lost hopes of the early 80 's electro-pop bands like Heaven 17 , Depeche Mode around the time of `` Speak and Spell '' , early Erasure and New Order . This is a fanciful fusion of synth-techno and digital-pop that makes no excuses for some of the -LRB- in retrospect -RRB- horrors of the 80 's . Funky , soulful , and not an acoustic instrument in sight , I hope to party with this album like it 's 1983 !
 This album is awesome . I spin it at every party I DJ . It 's not as much as an 80 's throwback as the press would have you believe .
 This album takes you back to the 1980 's and rocks your world . This band are great live , and their music is well worth a listen , the odd cheesy track is on here , but it is supposed to sound like it 's from the 80 's . Good .
 As a friend of Jacques , I was lucky to be at one of the recording sessions for ` Sometimes ' and see his instrument setup . The album is full of Yamaha DX7/Roland Juno 60 sounds from start to finish . However , the best work I 've heard from Jacques was his remix for Cassius 's ` Feeling for you ' - Cassius R also worth checking out if you like LRD and electronica music in general .
 A lo largo de varios a & ntilde ; os he podido comprobar que Zoverstocks es uno de los proveedores mas serios en plazos de entrega , calidad del producto y estado del mismo
 This album is a great throw back to the 80 's electro-funk sound . Rather than messing with the style , this album is a continuous mix of thumpin ' basslines and catchy riffs that sound like the best of the mid 80 's . If you are wondering what kind of music must have inspired the sound of this album , consider the appearance of 80 's electro-funk diva Shannon -LRB- of `` Let The Music Play '' fame -RRB- on the record . She co-wrote her song on the album `` Takes A Little Time '' and it sounds like it could have been plucked from one of her earlier recordings . Bliss .
 I played this CD once for my friend eric and he hated it saying that it sounds like really bad 80s music , well obviously he did n't `` get it '' . That 's the whole point to this CD , it 's a retro 80s sound that harkens back to a more innocent time of electronic music when it was was n't called ` electronica ' but rather ` techno ' . I got into this CD after seeing the video to ' -LRB- hey you -RRB- what 's that sound ' . picture a parachute pant , Michael Jackson leather jacket wearing Jacques be-boping his way through the streets of NYC carrying one of those keyboard guitar things followed by a group of 80s fashion disaster clad people -LRB- we 're talking leg warmers , sweatsuits , terry cloth headbands and that god awful color combination of heather grey and pink -RRB- culminating with a breakdance contest and you pretty much get the feeling of this CD.It 's cheese but it 's good cheese and much fun to listen to . If nothing else buy this CD for the excellent song ` sometimes ' . It 's a dead ringer for soft cell and if you did n't know that it was les rhythmes you definitely would think that it was soft cell even down to the male vocalist who sounds remarkably like mark almond -LRB- although i do n't think it 's him -RRB- . Definitely my favorite track that has been set on ` repeat ' on my stereo.Buy this only if you can look back on 80s music fondly . If you hate the 80s and everything about it , then steer clear of this release .
 This is one of my favorite CDs that I 've heard in the last year . If you do n't end up loving it , you 're at least guaranteed to think it 's pretty funny.This is just one of those records you ca n't really intellectualize . You hear it , you love it or you hate it . It 's all about fun fun fun and , for me , took no work at all to enjoy or `` get into '' . For the late 90 's , this was a very bold album to produce . So much pressure is put on electronic artists to sound absolutely new and completely groundbreaking , and this record is n't only tinged with 80 's influences -- it often sounds like it was made IN the 80 's . Most of these tracks are wonderful , I only find two to be unlistenable `` Soft Machine '' and `` From
 Listen up kids ! This is the funkiest piece of music to come out of England in the past 6 or 7 years . It grabs you straight from the start , shakes you around and does n't put you down till the end ! The best pieces have to be Disco to Disco and music makes you lose control . HOLD ON , what am I saying , this album is brilliant all the way through . You know its got an 80 's feel to it , but its still got that fresh futuristic sound . I love it . I listen to it atleast twice a day , and i 've had since may 99 ! Go see them live , it 's a different experience altogether .
 Definitely one of the albums of the year . I listen to it non-stop . It 's basically very 80s music -LRB- synthesiser , keytar and Volkswagen GTI -RRB- with a definite 90s house twist . It sounds great especially track 4 `` Hypnotize '' where you feel that you 're back in 1986 and yet it sounds brilliant . Do not hesitate , buy this album , you will not regret it !
 I really like LRD 's remix of Cassius 's song Feeling for you and this CD is the same style . It does have eighties style digitized rythm and I think its sneaky for him to pose as a French guy -LRB- though maybe thats those badboys at Astralwerks -RRB- but its a cool disc . You could definitely do worse . Also , it is consistent . So if you like a song you heard somewhere by him , you 'll like the album .
 If you 're man enough to embrace your love of the 80 's and combine it with your -LRB- very possibly secret -RRB- love of bumpin ' house music , then you will absolutely LOVE Darkdancer . This CD is fantastic ! I have no idea how I stumbled across it , because no radio station in its right mind would play this stuff , but nonetheless , this CD gets you moving ! Money back guarantee right there . Pop this in at a party and watch people start to jam . Either that , or get your ass kicked , but you 'll have fun regardless .
 What I remember about eighties music was a few good singles here and there with a nice sound but rubbish albums . Darkdancer is like all the good bits of the 80s with better production and done by someone with some musical talent . Although there 's some good pop songs on this album , others unfurl subtlely , even majestically . Nostalgia aside , what makes the record good is the music itself . Now that I think of it , there 's loads of 80s compilations coming out at the moment . I hope this does n't mean a full-on revival is on the cards . The charts in the 1980s were poor . That 's that . It 's not clever to like it now ; at least Le Conte or whatever his name is has some skill so I 'll let him off . A good albom . Wel dun !
 To describe Les Rythmes latest offering Darkdancer as a simple retro step back to the early eighties is a huge mistake . Serious musicians and critics often rubbish this period despite the fact that it produced some of the most memorable pop songs ever recorded . Lu Cont 's desire was to pay homage to the melodic electro of this period and adapt it to the modern night clubs of Europe . The key to this albums stunning success is the use of classic analogue keyboards which result in Darkdancer 's rich and warm texture . It 's incredibly catchy in places and superbly produced and you will be hard pushed to pick a favourate track . Darkdancer is a perfect summer album and it will never fail to get you in the mood for a night out clubbing . 80 's diva Shannon makes a welcome return on a track that must have been written with her in mind called Takes a Little Time and it really cries out for a single release . Former 80 's teen hero Nik Kershaw also comes out of exile and provides the vocal honours on Sometimes aided by a classic analogue bassline . It 's the best thing he has ever done ! I was fortunte enough to see Les Rythmes perform live in the dance tent at Reading Festival last summer , and the crowd went absolutely manic to the catchy rifts of Darkdancer . If you own a copy of the Human League 's Dare or any of Depeche Mode 's Vince Clark singles , you will adore this album !
 I had never heard Fabian Gomez until I re-searched the song `` Y Como Quieres Que Te Quiera '' and found out he wrote and he had a CD . It 's a great CD and he puts a faster beat -LRB- which sounds really good -RRB- to the Jose Alfredo Jimenez songs .
 If you find yourself pining for the days when phrases like `` party down '' and `` we ROCK ! '' were spoken in reverent tones usually reserved for noble concepts like say , Liberty , Honor , Justice , the Pursuit of Happiness , etc -- then you 'll be headbanging your 80 's mullethead in quick fashion to this this CD . It is , all at once , an overly-ambitious , poorly produced , lyrically-cheesy masterpiece of terrific songwriting and beautiful musical vision.The CD 's production is it 's worst aspect . In the vernacular of musical recording , there is a term known as `` head room '' , meaning the amount of decibel `` space '' which is available as you saturate the tape with sound level before distortion starts to ruin the sound of the recording . If you think of the distortion occurring at `` 10 '' , you want to record the level as close as you can get to `` 10 '' without a big `` hit '' from the drum , or a scream from the vocalist pushing the level over `` 10 '' and causing distortion . If you do n't record a `` hot '' enough signal to tape , the recording sounds weak . I swear , on this album , it 's like they recorded the level at around 6-7 , so that they could leave room for ... huge `` gang vocals '' ; I kid you not . Whether it is simply the limitations of the recording gear used to produce it , or a conscious decision , the music seems extremely compressed and unwilling to `` jump off the disc '' -- until the big gang vocals `` WE CAME TO RAAWK ! '' almost blow out your speakers . In other cases , the mix of things like delicate acoustic guitar harmonics jump right out of the mix , as does a completely unnecessary and cheesy keyboard solo in one song.Having said thus , the outstanding songwriting makes this work stand out head-and-shoulders above many of its contemporary offerings . The chord changes and writing are simply visionary . Songs simple enough to be considered `` Pop '' , yet stunning in their melodic arrangement and execution . Though sometimes suffering from the overly-ambitious , cinematic keyboard-imitating-orchestra , the songs are virtual panoramas of stunning musical imagination and accomplishment . Chord changes are smartly written , not just I-IV-VI-V standard block changes so common in today 's insipid , repetitive offerings , but actual 7th chord variations off the tonic , such as m , mM7 , m7 , IV , etc -- all in all , beautiful melodic music to your ears.The vocals , while perhaps not in the range of a Dio or Coverdale , nonetheless carry formidable melody and pitch , and the guitar playing is competent to 80 's flavor and technique.A CD that should be listened to , if not purchased by every fan of the 80 's `` hair metal '' -- definitely one of the standouts .
 I can remember back in 1986 when Brighton Rock played a show in Saginaw Michigan at Drifters INN as an album release party . This was first released on vinyl back in 1986 . It is a good debut album and has a few good anthem tracks . Highly recommended !
 There 's nothing like getting an 80 's cd in mint condition , especially when it 's getting harder and harder to play cassettes and converting them is a pain . Thank You !!!
 This disc was played everyweekend at our parties , so much so it was almost a ritual . Not quite as good as Love Machine but still an awesome disc .
 A truly hard rocking Canadian Band . They play excellent ballads also . I 'm still looking for Take a Deep Breath , and having NO luck . I wish they were still around .
 Phat beats - a nice mix of organic and electronic textures . very musical . and the vocal performances are excellent . If you like creative dubhop , dubstep , latin hip hop/dancehall/reggaeton dnb mixed with world/pop music -LRB- i mean this in the most positive sense -RRB- . youre going to enjoy this cd.filastine is from the infernal noise brigade or somthing like that and is hella political - i dont follow that stuff too close but if you like to wear a blakc hoodie and chuck molitovs at gap stores - i would imagine this would be a acceptable soundtrack .
 I would consider myself a `` radio '' Damn Yankees fan , having only heard their radio hits like , `` Do n't Tread on Me , '' and , `` High Enough . '' After hearing this Essentials CD though , I see that there 's more than meet 's the ear . The only song on here that I ca n't seem to get into is , `` Come Again , '' but all the others are real rockers for me . From the milder , `` Silent is Broken , '' to the fast and heavy , `` Piledriver , '' this CD never stops ! The guitars , vocals , bass , and drums , all rock . I tend to give conservative ratings , so that 's why I gave this a 4 out of 5 stars , but otherwise , I would highly recommend it for any other `` radio '' fans like myself .
 This compilation is a pretty good mix of their best songs . I would have bought the original cds instead , but they do n't seem to sell `` Do n't Tread '' anymore . They are rereleasing it in May . The nice thing about this compilation is that it made me look at the songs from `` Damn Yankees '' again and I was surprised to find that I like more songs from it than I had originally had . If you like good rock 'n' roll , buy this disk . If you like it , buy `` Do n't Tread '' in May . It is definitely worth the money . There are some good rockers on it that are n't on `` Essentials . ''
 I must say ... instead of buying both Damn Yankees CDs ... save yourself some $ $ $ $ and buy this compilation instead ... all of their best are here . . High Enough , Come Again , Where you goin now , Runaway , etc. . I definitely recommend this for any `` Yankees '' fan !!!
 I really knew nothing about Damn Yankees until the last several weeks . I stumbled upon them while looking for Styx/Night Ranger/Tommy Shaw/Jack Blades items . I 've lived through the rock of the late 70 's through the present day and moved away from all of the rock scene for a while in the 90 's and some of the first decade of the 2000 's . This compilation is an excellent listen ; to me a great combination of the band/groups listed above , but yet different allowing for the Ted Nugent ` twist ' . Big guitar work , sweeping choruses ! The vocal combination of Shaw/Blades -LRB- and Nugent -RRB- is a great mix . Sweet !
 Great stuff , but come on they only had two disks . Just get them both for Pete 's sake . To act like this is all you need as some reviewers state makes me wonder how you 'll love all of these songs and still wake up feeling good in the morning knowing that you are missing awesome rockers like Uprising , Rock City USA , and Livin This Side of Hell .
 If Damn Yankees had a hand in getting Dennis DeYoung fired from Styx , then more power to them.Ted obviously had some influence on Tommy Shaw in the early ' 90 's and it was all for the best.These guys were the best thing that happened to the pop-happy decade of the Backstreets boys and the like.They rocked even harder live.Now if only we could get live DY cd to go with the overabundance of live Styx !
 If Damn Yankees had a hand in getting Dennis DeYoung fired from Styx , then more power to them.Ted obviously had some influence on Tommy Shaw in the early ' 90 's and it was all for the best.These guys were the best thing that happened to the pop-happy decade of the Backstreets boys and the like.They rocked even harder live.Now if only we could get live DY cd to go with the overabundance of live Styx !
 PRINCE songs like `` Sister '' , `` Sexuality '' , `` Delirious '' and `` Horny Toad '' and anything else similar are sounds of DEZ . DEZ did n't write them but the music touched PRINCE , he never had that sound before the DIRTY MIND album . But he did use it when DEZ left to do The MODERNNAIRES for `` Let 's Go Crazy '' . DEZ is no longer that wild man,Chinese-bandana wearing , axeman . He 's still the axeman , but a born-again one . 13 songs , all of them with heartfelt lyrics to make you think like `` Like A Merry Go Round '' he talks about the ups and downs that life brings us . `` Peacehopejoy '' maybe the heaviest song on the CD while most of the disc is mellow but great guitar work.At the end of the album , behind `` Real To Me '' he gives thanks to fans and JESUS CHRIST and asks you to come along . The CD does not bore , musically , lyrically and spiritually . DEZ would tell you , it 's just `` The Way I Feel '' . DEZ I feel ya !
 Ok , this is the debut album from a Ukrainian piano prodigy who signed with Shrapnel Records . Greg Howe is featured on guitar , and honestly I did n't know Howe was this good ! Solid melodic neoclassical ideas , at times soft and subdued , at times blazing away just like Malmsteen and MacAlpine , this is an entertaining album from start to finish . My favorite here is undoubtedly `` Symphony V , '' an 8-minute piece with an absolutely gorgeous piano interlude followed by Howe playing the solo 's theme on power chords and then a solo of his own ... what a great tune ! Buy the album just for this song if you are a real Shrapnel fan , okay ?
 I could n't believe my ears , when I heard ` Parallel In Time ' . It 's so tight , it 's hard to believe `` humans '' recorded it.I really like Greg Howe 's guitarstyle , using his tapping-legato-arpeggio skills to make some of the BEST Neo-classical Shred!Forget Yngwie . . And as for Vitalij Kuprij . . I think he 's from mars.Buy this album!I almost forgot to say the drums are great too . .
 Vitalij Kuprij is the only artist I 've come across who succeeds in performing intense shred with a major focus on keyboards . As you might expect , Kuprij 's keyboard skills are insane , and the hallmark of this release . Also , Greg Howe plays the guitar and serves as a great counterpart to Kuprij . No vocals here - just monstrous instrumental work . The technicality is impressive , and the compositions are very neoclassical and inspired . A must-hear for all fans of shred , neoclassical , Malmsteen , etc. .
 If you 're big on atmospherics & ambient , you will probably like this CD . If you like Nelson 's rock , you 're at the opposite side of the auditorium.All of 44:25 , it 's one of those `` endless introductions '' albums -- which is , of course , perfect for interpolative & background music that 's not really meant to be examined closely.Most enjoyable track
 This album was quirky enough for me to pick up and love to listen to!How would I compare this ... hmmmm ... I would probably say she is more like Tracy Bonham than anything . But PowerPop ? I would n't go that far . She is NOT Aqua -LRB- or is that quirky powerpop ? -RRB- or the spice girls.This is rather laid back kind of music , good stuff . It 's the kind of stuff you 'd listen to in a coffee shop . Good music , and a wonderful singer . The guitars are very good in this album as well , and I am looking forward to another release.My favorite tracks on this album have to be `` You Are the One '' , `` People In This World '' and `` Big Three Wheeler '' . `` People in this World '' has to be one of the heavier songs , along with `` Flyer '' . If you like Tracy Bonham ... -LRB- if you even know who she is , she did that amazing song , `` Behind Every Good Woman '' -RRB- , you 'll probably like this album as well .
 This album is great ; I just got a signed copy -LRB- available thru Tower.com -RRB- in the mail today . If you like the band 's song `` Free '' on the Empire Records soundtrack , this is more of the same . However , Joey Santiago -LRB- Pixies -RRB- does get to venture into more sonically inclined territory . -LRB- For a preview , check out `` Flyer , '' the album 's invigorating opener . If the Pixies are to return to the studio together , we 're all in for good times ! -RRB-
 This is a great album for fans of Joey Santiago and his work with the Pixies . If you love his guitar play , then I would definitely suggest buying this .
 Smitten is a PERFECT Indie Power Pop Gem !!! Linda Mallari is a true revelation as an artist , singer/songwriter , guitarist and classically trained pianist.Her voice is beautiful , powerful and shows so much confidence along with her Pixie husband Joey Santiago.Joey provides amazingly rich textures and once again shows his great ear for sweet tones on his guitars.Surfy and heavenly distorted and melodic soundscapes are found all over this sonic masterpiece.I truly ca n't decide which songs stand out , song after song I kept saying `` this is my fave , wait next one too '' , and so on.The Martinis have created the Greatest Indie Power Pop Record Of The New Milenium !!!!!
 The CD contains Wagner 's Preludio e Morte di Isotta -LRB- I 'm using the Italian titles because this is an Italian disc -RRB- , Mahler 's Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen -LRB- Vienna Phil and Fischer-Dieskau -RRB- and Strauss 's Morte e trasfigurazione -LRB- Death and Transfiguration -RRB- .
 Vastly underrated and underrecorded Texas soul and funkster 's 1960 's recorded output for Huey P. Meaux 's Crazy Cajun label . Medwick , was employed as staff songwriter for Don Robey 's Duke/Peacock label during the 50 's and 60 's where he penned several hit records for Bobby `` Blue '' Bland including , `` Further On Up The Road '' & `` Cry Cry Cry '' . Although , known less for his singing then his songwriting abilities , Medwick proves beyond a dobt that he 's got the vocal chops . Medwick , convincingly tackles everything from the guttiest of gut wrenching ballad 's to sanctified soul numbers , Texas funk and r & b . This disc is certainly worth it 's weight in soul , My only complaint would be the sometimes oppresive church organ which challenges rather than compliments Mr. Medwick 's efforts . A nice acquisition for lovers of no frills southern soul .
 Vastly underrated and underrecorded Texas soul and funkster 's mid to late 60 's recorded output for Huey P. Meaux 's Crazy Cajun label . Medwick was a staff songwriter during the 50 's and 60 's for Don Robey 's Duke/Peacock label where he penned several successful hits for Bobby Bland including , `` further on up the road '' and `` cry cry cry '' . Although , known less for his singing than his songwriting abilities Medwick proves well beyond a dobt that he 's got more than an average set of pipes , convincingly tackling everything from the guttiest of gut wrenching ballad 's to sanctified soul , Texas funk and r & b numbers.This disc is certainly worth it 's weight in soul , my only complaint being the sometimes oppresive church organ which challenges rather then compliments Mr.Medwick 's efforts . A nice find for lovers of no frills deep fried southern soul !
 Filled with emotion , this tribute to the memory of Basie is the perfect way to relax after a long day . I also find the mellow `` vibe '' great background music for creative work .
 John Lewis and Milt Jackson playing off each other while Percy Heath and Connie Kay provide solid and unobtrusive rhythm . Topsy II and Reunion Blues alone are well worth the price of the CD .
 I picked this out of the bargain bin at Amoeba Records , in San Francisco . For a buck , I thought , hey , why not ? I can still afford a couple of Crimson and Sabbath discs . Turned out that this record became one of my favorite listens . I ca n't even start to describe the genre , I just go with what I like . The ingredients include
 For those of you who do n't know the music of Knudaage Riisager , and who love the chamber music of Poulenc or Franaix , you have a treat in store . This music , played by some leading Danish musicians , is a delight from start to finish . Granted Riisager , who lived from 1897 to 1974 , and who wrote these pieces relatively early in his career , was no trailblazer . His language is very much that of Les Six - light , transparent , beautifully crafted , not freighted with great meaning . It is simply music for enjoyment , both for players and listeners alike . He studied with Albert Roussel and Paul le Flem ; his music is rather more like that of the latter ; there is little of Roussel 's bite.All the pieces here are serenades , whether labeled that or not . Since Amazon has n't , as of the date of this review , listed the contents , I will do so :1 -RRB- Variations , Op. 4 , for clarinet , viola and bassoon2 -RRB- Divertimento , Op. 9 , for string quartet and wind quartet -LRB- playing here are the Royal Danish String Quartet and the Scandinavian Wind Quintet ; individual members of these groups play in the other works -RRB- 3 -RRB- Sonata , Op. 15 , for flute , violin , clarinet and cello4 -RRB- Wind Quintet , Op. 165 -RRB- Serenade , Op. 26b for flute , violin , and celloIf I had any criticism of these works it would be that although his craft is impeccable , his materials are sometimes a little less than memorable and his phrases a little foursquare . Still , he can write a good tune , expertly manipulate little thematic fragments , write clever counterpoint , and keep a piece moving.I tend to reach for this CD when I am in the mood for unpretentious , undemanding , but saucy and uplifting music . Frankly , I reach for other recordings of his music for this reason , too . I particularly like two discs of his orchestral music as well . One on Chandos conducted by Gennadi Rozhdestvensky contains the delightful ' &Eacute;tudes ' based on , of all things , music by Czerny . The other , on Da Capo and conducted by the talented Thomas Dausgaard , contains ` Fool 's Paradise ' and a ballet based on Hans Christian Andersen stories , ` Twelve by the Mail . ' It features super-trumpeter Hakan Hardenberger.It appears that this CD is going for mid-price . Scott Morrison
 Containing 13 of the 15 tracks that appeared on Richard James ' early analog `` Joyrex '' series of EP 's , this collection demonstrates a mind that does n't worry about conventional dance-music structures or cliches . In fact , I doubt they ever even occurred to him as he was concocting these tracks . It 's mostly harsh music , and its less-than top-notch production values make it sound as raw as the `` Classics '' comp James released as Aphex Twin.The best tracks are also the hardest ones ; `` The Garden of Linmiri , '' -LRB- which was used in that Carl Lewis Pirelli tire commericial -RRB- slams you over and over with its driving , industrial drums while what sounds like a little metallic termite burrows its way into your brain . Next up is the incredible `` Fantasia . '' This music will send parents , dogs , and ` normal ' dance music fans running for the hills . Whirling , shrill synths fight to be heard above an absolute din of a rhythm section . This is head-banging music -- I would n't try to dance to it for fear of breaking any of several bones.Also worth mentioning are the robotic funk of `` Astroblaster '' the melody-driven `` Cordialotron , '' and the one track that contains shades of James ' ambient compositions , `` Joyrex J5 . '' Shades are all you 'll find , though , as this is as far from `` Selected Ambient Works 2 '' as electronic music can get .
 Richard D. James , the mastermind behind Caustic Window now has a collection of tracks from various Caustic releases that are very hard to find . With this disc , you can get a lot of what youre missing ! Bizzare , trippy , funny , and sci-fi worlds of electronika is what you fly into while listening to Caustic Window Compilation . Those with open minds about music , and have patience for the infinite world of electronika , then this album is a must add to your list . If you did n't know , Rich is also the Aphex Twin , Polygon Window , Gak ... hes a genuis . He is my # 2 all time artist , falling short only to Trent Reznor . Check out Aphex Twin 's Ambient Works 85-92 . Richard composed this album at the age of 15 . Also check out Ambient Works II for a more soothing abd relaxing feel rather than the raw energy emitted by Caustic Window . A definite reccomendation !
 I bought this album to compare the early works of Richard D. James -LRB- then known as Caustic Window -RRB- with his latest breakbeat stylings -LRB- under monikers such as AFX , Aphex Twin , Polygon Window , etc. -RRB- . What I found was a unique example of jungle music that seemed like no other sample I had ever experienced before . Moreover , it appears that Mr. James in fact pioneered the genre of drum and bass long before it became the commercial monolith as it stands today . Many of these songs share certain features with modern d' n ' b artists such as Goldie or Atari Teenage Riot but only the warped mind of James could possibly concoct these songs . Whether you 're a fan of James or Jungle , this album is definitely a must-have .
 These tracks were taken from back when RDJ and pals were throwing parties , etc. simply for a lack of things to do.I 'd say it is techno of the old-school kind , something I rather miss . Some tracks are a bit trancy , and I suppose the second track does have junglist elements , but all in all , this is music to dance to . IDM indeed .
 richard d. james is quite possibly the most talented & most brilliant musician working in the biz today , & a true artist at that . one who doesn t plaster themselves all over tv , magazine covers & mtv award shows . there is no one like him , & his music is unlike any other.if you dont already know anything about aphex twin aside from come to daddy -LRB- we can all thank band & his stupid cky cronies for that one -RRB- than get off this page , but fans of his already notorious Aphex Twin will absolutely drool over this magnificent album . it is not his masterpiece , nor does it come close , but any fan of richard d james should know that to even own one extra piece of the artist 's works is always worth relishing.I 'm still pacing in circles waiting for him to release the analord collection , respectively.i also recommend picking up chosen lords , another compilation of various songs from different collection of analord 1-10 -LRB- i believe there is an analord 11 as well -RRB- but whatever . if you 're already a fan & you get your hands on this album , you wo n't need one more word from me except `` enjoy '' and i know you will .
 It 's difficult to fault any of Khan 's work , with and withoutRufus but `` Chaka Khan '' is just incredible.The wide-open production is loaded with brittle synths and beats and Chaka hasnever sung more ferverantly.The opener `` Tearin ' it Up '' sets the tone for the rest of this set , as does it 's closer `` Pass It On `` and everything in between wins out.Of particular note is Chaka ` sinvention of `` cowgirl funk '' on `` Best In The West '' - complete witha shotgun blast to welcome you to the show.But most impressive isthe `` Be-Bop Medley '' - Chaka Khan and Arif Mardin lay out a long bassand vocorder-whipped groove over which Chaka sings , scats and jitters her way through a medly of 40 's jazz standards with a great beat.Hard to believe this was 1982 and that such nakedambition was then considered so cool , but it was.Sophisticated music you can get down to-what more can one say but Chaka Khan !
 Hate to brag but I have this on cd and it is one of my all time favorites !!! Incredible cd !! Why is it that Chaka 's best grammy winning album is out of print ?? Reissue with the tearin it up remix !!
 I just listened to this on vinyl . It 's amazing . It goes from a hot dance track -LRB- `` Tearin ' It Up '' -RRB- to a crisp duet with Rick James -LRB- `` Slow Dancin ' '' -RRB- to another cute dance number -LRB- `` Best In the West '' -RRB- to a beautiful version of `` Got To Be There . '' When originally released , I bought the single of `` Got To Be There '' after catching one of its all-too-few plays on the radio . It blows all other versions away , and makes Michael Jackson 's rendition sound like the mere novelty it was probably always intended to be -LRB- he was too young -- then -- and too immature -- still -- for the song -RRB- . The second side opens with the ambitious `` BeBop Medley '' of stuff I 'd mostly never heard of . Not many vocalists , R&B or otherwise , could pull off something like this on their records -LRB- Natalie Cole comes to mind as an exception -RRB- . It swings , it sways , and it 's not pretentious as the list of songs on the album cover had me fearing . Proof that Ella was still influential into the mid - ' 80 's . The rest of side two is also fine.As I type this , `` Chaka Khan '' is out of print on CD . Too bad , as I looked this up to check on its availability . Hopefully it will be reissued soon . It was n't Ms. Khan 's most popular album but it may be her best .
 Chaka Khan is still , even today in the UK , so underrated ... which is a shame because she is so consistently proving herself with every album release , never resting on her laurels , always pushing forward and through.This is the album which introduced me to her talents as a youth.I was mesmerised by her focussed vocal dexterity and her use of words ... the way she made them fit into the music in an always unique and fascinating way ... she cant JUST sing , she is a well-heeled vocal technician too , often arranging the vocal phrasings herself -LRB- listen to ` Got To Be There ' -RRB- Listen how she gets incredibly sassy and sexy at just the right moments on ` Slow Dancin ' - thats not just singing , thats feeling the moment and the emotion of the lyric to the ultimate and its just that which keeps Chaka head and shoulders above all her contemporaries-vocal dexterity and passion of delivery , she keeps you hooked on every syllable , true artistry of the hghest degree.I can also verify its for real , not just on recordings but also live in concert.I was lucky enough to see her live in Manchester UK in 1986 and the show just blew me away.When she asked for requests towards the end of the show , i shouted out ` Dont Go To Strangers ' , she asked me my name and then said , `` Steve , this is just for you , ` Do n't Go To Strangers ' . . '' and then launched into the song whilst still looking me straight in the eye ... my breath was elsewhere ... For me Chaka Khan will always be the epitome of a true vocal talent ... spectacularly able ... quite simply amazing ... This album is the one which holds most of my memories of ` finding ' her ... I 'm so thankful that i did ... NOW WHEN CAN WE HAVE IT ON CD ??????????????????????????????????
 Hello this album is the second best chaka has ever done , the first best being ` whatcha gon na do for me ' . play ` got to be there ' LOUD !!! and if you have ` whatcha gon na do ... . play ` we can work it out ' loud !!! this album should be available on cd without a doubt . i 've got every other chaka and rufus albums on cd but not this one , only vinyl , and i need it !!!!!!
 It is a shame that so far this excellent , amazing album has not been re issued on CD.Hey , Majors , please review your catalogues to re discover your gems !
 I was browsing through all the CK albums available and enjoyed the other two reviews of this album . This is just a quick and spontaneous shout out . I just want to say I own over 1,000 CD 's from many genres and this is simply , I think , the best one I own ... definitely a `` desert-island disc '' if there ever was one . You know , the music you would take if your were stranded forever on a desert island.I Love Everything About This Album . Songs , production AND CHAKA ! The initial single was `` Got to be There '' and it is just a gem and a half . For a real throwdown , however , there is the opening track `` Tearin ' It Up '' and it really does tear it up.If you can find this album JUMP ON IT ... believe it or not I got mine in a little used CD shop for $ 4.99 and it 's the Japanese Import version . It 's the same as the US release but it 's kinda fun to see the liner notes in 2 languages .
 This little album from 1982 was n't the big hit that it 's follow-up was -LRB- 1984 's `` I Feel For You '' -RRB- , but it did fairly well and won her two Grammy 's to boot , so why it 's out of print everywhere is beyond me . . There 's not one bad track on here . . The entire album was produced by Arif Mardin -LRB- Aretha , Dusty Springfield , Bette Midler , Roberta Flack and most recently - Norah Jones -RRB- , who always knows how to bring out the best in Chaka , and get the right amount of funk , pop , jazz and soul in the mix . . The first single `` Tearin ' It Up '' co-written by Philly soul man Bunny Sigler -LRB- the tight , busy arrangement has his signature all over it -RRB- did n't exactly set things on fire , but a remix by famed DJ Larry Levan got it some club play . . `` Slow Dancin ' '' is a smouldering groove with 80s Superstar Rick James on board . . `` Best In The West '' has got to be one of the best Chaka tracks that never hit , this probably would have been a better first single . . She also serves up a great , soulful cover of the Jackson Five 's `` Got To Be There '' which shows off a much more softer side to her voice . . The `` Be-Bop Medley '' is also a treat , showing off her jazz improvisational skills on tunes by Theolonius Monk , John Coltrane and Dizzy Gillespie among others . . `` Twisted '' is another great , hypnotic 80s groove record . . Overall `` Chaka Khan '' is an excellent , consistent record . It 's one of those albums that has great songs , but perhaps few that would have made great singles ... It 's definitely one album that fans should n't be without . . Perhaps not the best starting point , but if you already love Chaka , give it a try . . -LRB- 4.5 stars -RRB-
 All I will say is if record labels are wondering why they are failing , here is one reason . They ignore what the people want . There is no reason to NOT release a cd version of this brilliant recording by the Queen of funky soul . I still have this on vinyl , but rarely hear it . It had it transferred onto CD , but it does n't have the quality of sound I would like . Thus I am deprived of some of the best work of CK . This is a shame , because Chaka went out on a creative limb and produced one of her most diverse records of her career . Tearin ' It up , Slow Dancing , Got To Be There , Twisted , Best in the West , Pass It On & Be Bop Medley ... Did I miss anything ? Incredible musicianship and vocals . Warner Brothers
 This third solo album from Chaka Khan and producer Arif Mardin can be described as simply ... Inspiring . The musical arrangements were crisp and innovative ; check out `` Bebop medley '' , `` slow dancin '' and `` Best in the west . `` The vocals ; awe-inspiring listen to chaka 's range and how she works so hard against herself on tunes such as `` Got ta be there '' , `` slow Dancin '' , and `` Twisted . '' For someone who did n't grow up in the church , Khan proves time and time again that she is probably the most gifted innovative singer on the music scene with the exception of the Queen of soul.This disc is a classic from start to finish . And just like `` Whatch Gon na Do For Me '' , it sounds like Arif Mardin was having a blast playing with Ms Khan 's voice . Even today , some 22 years later , the disc is timeless , priceless , and is a true epiphany to those who have never heard it or `` Whatcha Gon na Do For Me ! One listen and you 'd think that the other female vocalists were only ... `` just kidding ! ''
 I just received this classic Chaka Khan cd in the mail and i must say it was a joy listening to it once again . Even though it cost me a pretty good penny , it 's still worth having in the archives . This is definitely one of Chaka 's greatest works and i ca n't understand for the life of me why Warner Brothers wo n't release this album on cd domestically . What are they waiting for . Music fans should not have to search high and low for such a good product . And we most definitely should n't have to rely on getting it from overseas as an import . I am proud to finally have it in my possession .
 Bought this the week it was released in 1982 . Three words
 I had the lp when it was first release I 'm a major fan of Chaka and I wish on day Warner Brothers or whoever would re-release this gem on cd
 Yup , add me to the list of those who wish they could have this title on cd as well . By far , it is definitely one of Chaka 's most underrated and underappreciated forgotten titles ! From the frenetic and fresh opening track Tearin ' It Up -LRB- one can actually see people on the dance floor working up a sweat to this one -- or working up a sweat some other way -RRB- to the very end of side two of the record -LRB- yes , I have the vinyl -RRB- each song has it 's own distinct style . The duet with Rick James Slow Dancin is an R&B cult classic slow dance jam . Best In The West indicates how playful and funky Khan can be without going over the top . Got To Be There , with it 's sheer silk-like production does put Michael Jackson 's version to shame . Be Bop Medley on side two shows the strong vocal versatility Chaka possesses in dabbling with some jazz laden funk ! ... I do wish I had the cd version . Maybe I 'll get lucky and see someone on eBay offer up their copy for bid at about 100 bucks a pop ! Then again , to make myself feel better on not having the cd I can convince myself that not all vinyl records released on cd sound good -LRB- poor mastering quality -RRB- . Trust me , I 've found this out to be true with a few that I own already ...
 My sister and I bought this when it was on an album for my mom for Christmas a long time ago and she loved it so did we.Well the album disappeared but I see I can get this on a CD , which I will soon . This is one of Chaka 's Best albums is jazzy and funky !!!!! I truly love this and will play it all the time .
 Over the years there 's been quite a little artist cult that 's developed surrounding this album . Many music review books I 've read name dropped it again and again as being a crownign achievment of her early career and the album even won her a grammy . All the same it would up being the most obscure Chaka Khan album during the CD reissue era . It 's never been issued domestically and even Chaka 's compilationEpiphany
 When I first bought this CD , I listened to the first few tracks only . I was only into the dance and ballad type of music . Now , many years later I am bowled over by the amazing Be Bop Medley . Riveting performance and slick production make this a must own for any CK fan . On a slightly negative note , I could do without the Rick James duet .
 I miss hearing the original track to Slow Dancin ' -LRB- with Rick James -RRB- on this album -LRB- my album is currently in protective skin , awaiting for the digital remaster -RRB- . Also , the tune
 When this Lp came out in 1982 , a Billboard ad stated ` The Most Powerful Instrument in Music Returns ' ... and it did ! This Chaka lp is one of her best and it shows how to use Power Vocals correctly ! I think this Lp was ahead of it 's time ... a Great fusion of R&B ; , Funk & Jazz . . Arif Mardin KNEW what to do with Khan 's voice ! 8 powerful examples of why Chaka Khan is one of the Greatest Singers ever !! I have this on vinyl & CD !!! : -RRB-
 I Have this on the original LP . contact me for details .
 Should I search for adjectives ? Am I being nostalgic for the Eighties ? This album just cooks ! Arrangements are top-notch . Chaka 's voice is as good as I 've heard it ; the duet with Rick James is groovin to da max . Oh man , there 's a gun shot on Best in the West and then the song takes off like a Mustang , the car or horse . Dizzy Gillespie may solo on A Night in Tunisia , the Melody Still Lingers On , and the playing is technically brilliant and funky , too . Drummer Stephen Ferrone , so musical , so groovin ' , so tight ! PUT THIS OUT ON CD FOR BABY BOOMERS AND FUTURE GENERATIONS!a fan
 In 1982 , Chaka Khan teamed with the late Arif Mardin for another artistic masterpiece with ` Chaka Khan ' -LRB- The Grammy Award winning follow up to ` What Cha Gon na Do For Me ? ' -RRB- , and for some reason , it 's the ONLY solo Chaka Khan album not available in the United States in CD format . This album includes Chaka 's legendary rendition of ` Got To Be There ' , and Michael Jackson can forget about it !! It 's Chaka 's song NOW , and the notes that she hits will blow your mind . Also included on this album is Chaka 's Grammy Award winning ` Be Bop Medley ' , which displays her skills at jazz improvisation , ` Tearin ' It Up ' , and ` Slow Dancin ' -LRB- a duet with the late Rick James -RRB- . If you 're blessed to own ` Chaka Khan ' on CD , consider remastering it with 3 bonus tracks ... 9 . Slow Dancin ' -LRB- Remix feat.Rick James -RRB- , 10 . Tearin ' It Up -LRB- The Extended Mix -RRB- , and 11 . Tearin ' It Up -LRB- Extended Mix Instrumental -RRB- . I 'm suprised that Warner Brothers refuses to release this CD in the United States , because it 's in such high demand , and Chakaholics deserve to have this CD ! If Chaka 's fans want this CD , they 're forced to pay over $ 100 for those overpriced Japanese imports , and that 's just not right ! Come on Warner Brothers ... open up the damn vaults!Peace , SD -LRB- of Chaka 's World -RRB-
 It is a crime that this cd is not available to purchase . People get the word out that Chaka Khan fans want this on cd ASAP .
 I 've had this on vinyl for years and since I no longer have a record player , have n't heard the album since the early 90 's ! I FINALLY had the thing professionally burned onto CD and am I glad I did . It sounded as fresh as the first day I heard it and now my band can finally cover some of the tunes!Track listing :1 . Tearin ' It Up -LRB- 6:43 -RRB- -LRB- Sigler/Lumibao -RRB- 2 . Slow Dancin ' -LRB- 5:25 -RRB- -LRB- Loz Netto -RRB- 3 . Best In The West -LRB- 4:03 -RRB- -LRB- Bugatti/Musker -RRB- 4 . Got To Be There -LRB- 3:53 -RRB- -LRB- Willensky -RRB- 5 . Bebop Medley -LRB- 5:26 -RRB- 6 . Twisted -LRB- 4:20 -RRB- -LRB- Campsie/McFarlane -RRB- 7 . So Not To Worry -LRB- 5:00 -RRB- -LRB- McMillan -RRB- 8 . Pass It On -LRB- A Sure Thing -RRB- -LRB- 5:05 -RRB-
 I had this album on vinyl when it was first released in 1982 and regretted the loss of it for years !! I 've been searching online for it and could only find it available for $ 250 + !! I finally found someone selling it for a reasonable price and I GOT IT !! This is by far one the most important musical purchases I 've made in years . This CD is astounding ... Chaka at her best !!
 Believe the hype about this album - because it really is * that * good . It is one of my all-time favorites . Why Warner 's have chosen to make it available only in Japan is completely baffling . I read one review that said that Chaka 's ` pop ' career was stalling around the time of this albums release - and yet that is the key to understanding why it 's so special . Chaka casts her net out far and wide - perhaps more so than on any of her other albums . It 's a work of art , a labor of love . Chaka has has some amazing musos around her -LRB- Steve Ferrone , Robbie Buchanan , Rick James , Arif Mardin -RRB- and sparks fly all over the place.Tearin ' it up is a killer track -LRB- why was n't this included on Epiphany ?? -RRB- and Robbie Buchanan 's synth arrangement is dead sexy . I love how the synth bass drives the track and how there 's no kick bass on the main beats ... gives the song an edgy , breathless feel . Slow Dancin ' is funky as hell - this is a duet with Rick James - Chaka and Rick are totally on the same page ... if you know what I mean . Best in the West is a beautifully constructed pop song but with a host of ironic touches -LRB- jew 's harp , hillbilly violin -RRB- . I just love how Chaka works the lyric in this , giving it plenty of sass and attitude . Got to be There is a Michael Jackson song - I wonder what he thought of Chaka 's version because I think it 's one of her best vocal performances PERIOD . It 's honest , heartfelt and she hits notes in this that are like fireworks going off . When she goes up for the high note on ` when he 's with me he 's HOME ' ... it just kills me every time . Chaka won a Grammy for Be-Bob Medley - it 's an electric performance and she sings these standards with ease and authority . Twisted is another great song with a fantastic arrangement . So Not to Worry is a song about infidelity and again Chaka finds just the right tone in her delivery to make every line tell the story . Pass it On is another vocal tour-de-force - raw , gutsy and real . There is no filler on this album , every track is a winner and it 's the sort of album that you have to listen to all the way through.While Warner 's might not be re-releasing it any time soon - do n't think twice about shelling out the cash - it 's worth every cent .
 This amazing record came out in 1982 ... 4 years before I was born . I was turned onto Chaka Khan by the masterpiece I Feel For You while going through my parent 's cassette case ... I loved her voice , and the music was first rate . I did n't think she could get any better . But I ended up being lucky enough to find a copy of this ... and am enamored with it . Easily the finest pop album in her catalog . And that 's saying a lot . All of her albums are good ... so if you can , find a copy of this brilliant music . The first 5 tracks alone are worth whatever you pay for it . Funky , sweaty , sexy ... Classic ...
 ... COPY THIS CD ! I 've seen this happen before with Teena Marie 's Lady Tee cd , it appeared on amazon for like $ 395 and slowly but surely over the months , more and more copies were available until it was at a more reasonable normal bargain basement price . As bad as I want this cd , I have to wait , I have every other chaka -LRB- and rufus -RRB- creation on cd , but I 'm patient and can wait . It wo n't be long before copies are made available . This is one of my alltime favorite Chaka albums . I remember as a kid in middle school in Wilmington , Delaware , a Philly station dj created a mix of Chaka 's Got To Be There and the Jackson 's original . It was awesome .
 Yes indeed this is one of Chaka 's best albums but it was so under rated . Chaka 's vocals on this project are so crisp and clear . She hits notes beyond the universe . Her versatility and vocal range has no cap . She can sing anything in any genre . She has to have one of if not the strongest voice in the music business . No other singer can hold a candle to her when it comes to this particular project . It 's a shame that the public does n't take her singing so serious as they should . Patti Labelle and Natalie Cole both said it themselves that there is no voice like a CHAKA KHAN voice . Please realize that this CHAKA KHAN album won 2 Grammy awards . One for Best R&B Female Vocal performance and one for Best Vocal Arrangement on Be Bop Medley . The Grammy staff knew this girl was second to none .
 I lost my mind for about ten years wanting this . Now I can sleep at night . Sounds so good . It is crisp and clear . Real music that is rarely found nowadays with all the screaming and whining on the radio . No booty shaking and gun toting -LRB- okay , Best In The West ! -RRB- . Chaka has great albums but some stand out as outstanding . This one and `` Chaka '' -LRB- The one with `` What ` cha Gon na Do For Me -RRB- .
 `` Stride '' and `` Love Mission '' are both FANTASTIC songs for playing when you 're with the one you love ... . chances are that they have n't heard of this album . It 's a real pleasure to listen to .
 I have turned at least 10 people on to this New England artist . I would buy anything she makes .
 Barbara Mason is a very underated singer . I never heard of her and purchased this cd by chance it really surprised me that this material wasnt recognized since Im always up on my music . the one song that really stands out is bed and board which is sang with depth . then there is the splendid song with the futures we got each other which really puts you in the mood for some good old soul music .
 This CD is great . A co-worker loaned me this CD and I ca n't thank her enough . I had to search the internet to buy it immediately . I enjoyed each track and I sure anyone who buys it will really aprreciate the message as well as the great music
 This cd serves up a little bit of everything . Traditional gospel , contemporary gospel and few toe tapping get your praise on songs and overall a enjoyable praise experience . Musically its so diverse , a little Coltrane here , a little Thomas Whitfield there , it 's got so many flavors you 're sure to find a song you really like .
 From the opening song to the end , this CD touches all areas of gopsel with a combination of hand-clapping , toe-tapping tunes , to contemporary tunes and they even drop some older tunes for the older people who do n't like all that `` bumping around '' . Overall , because this CD runs the whole gamut of gospel music , you wo n't be disappointed ... but inspired .
 We should always thank God in every thing we do . Things we take for granted , like waking up in the morning in our right mind , having the use of our limbs , and jobs that we complain daily about , are not always promised to us . Therefore , we should always say Thank You . The songs says , `` If I never live another day , If I never see another smiling face ... I wan na say THANK YOU . ''
 I think this is a `` Wonderful Cd '' . I 've loved the song `` If nothing else ... Thank You '' for a long time . It is very uplifting ! And during those hard times and even when they get better . We always seem to forget to tell God `` Thank You '' . I play it at lease two or three to times a day.Thank you God !!!!!!! Mylord40
 I recently stopped putting off purchasing the Triumvirat reissues that EMI put out in 2002 . My vinyl copies were in great shape and for years I could n't rationalize the cost . I 'm glad I finally caved -- with a few exceptions , Triumvirat 's output only seem to be available through Amazon Marketplace sellers , so when they 're gone folks , they 're gone for good . Fans of the band will appreciate the excellent remastering on all the albums , and `` A La Carte '' is no exception . While it 's certainly not my favorite , this record has some high points that I have gone back to on many occasions over the years
 This cd got panned but it 's full of great songs , melody and complex arrangements ... If you 're a fan of Supertramp or Camel this cd works for you ... Great stuff , full of heart , integrity , and passion ... Well recommended !!!
 - Waterfall-KILLER song , about too much rain . Good melodies - -LRB- Oh Im -RRB- Late Again-Nice tune man . Complex in arrangement , as far as pop is concerned . Who do you think does the best pop ? Ex proggers.-Jo Ann Walker-Might be my fav on the album . Tight pro quality playing , and not to mention mature professional composition . Even a hint of Disco on the bridge.-For You-Awesome long sappy song . Im such a romantic.-I Dont Even Know Your Name - I think Triumvirat -LRB- jurgen -RRB- tackled disco quite well . I like disco anyway , becuase it has awesome sound quality if its 70s , it usually has jazzy hints , and its usually funky as hell . They did a good job on this one.-A Bavarian in New York - Who the hell couldnt like this song ? `` triumvirat goes pop and fails '' . Please . Try and write a song comperable to this ! - Original Soundtrack Frome the movie OCSID-Another Awesome attempt at the new hip disco sound . Weird mastering job , someone should have backed off on the compression and threw a little noise reduction in here . Tight song anyway.-Darlin-I dont know why , but this song kinda grew on me . Because im such a barry palmer fan . But I dont really care , because its not a Jurgen Fritz song anyway.-Good Bye - Awesome rhodes , attempt at slow groovy disco jam.Basically , if you want nice concise prog/pop/rock with pro studio musicians and second to none sound quality -LRB- not to mention amazing yamaha analog synthesizers -RRB- buy this CD really quickly . -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- another 5 star album -RRB-
 My favorite Triumvirat album . A must have for any Triumvirat fan ! One of my favorite songs on it is Waterfall . Love it .
 Oliver Mtukudzi and crew blend a multifarious concoction here , full of rhythm and richness , some melodic splendor , some get up and jump infection . One of the best bands to see live , and a great album for your living room .
 Si eres un fan de Los Angeles Azules como soy yo , tienes que comprar este disco . El disco tiene un sonido maravilloso . La unica cancion que no me gusta es `` Tu primer beso '' porque suena como una cancion de los sesentas no es una cancion mala nada mas me parece como una cambia extrana.If you 're a fan of Los Angeles Azules like I am , you have to buy this disc . The disc has a great sound . The only song that I do n't like is '' Tu primer beso '' because it sounds like a song from the sixties , it 's not a bad song it just sounds like a weird cumbia if you ask me .
 with a brilliant blend of dazzling melodies -LRB- sometimes in the vein of early Split Enz but mostly 60 's pop , sometimes bubblegum -RRB- tony carbone -LRB- who is this fella ... i wan na meet him -RRB- puts together 13 cuts so cute and so impressive youd like to see BIKERIDE get a break . my fave cuts are 13 , 10 , and 4 ... but all are grand . synths find their place throughout the album giving it a very modern , almost avant-garde feel , fusing the nicest things about pop into some nice jams . granted , one must be sophisticated musically to apppreciate this.JEALOUSY HANGS ... dave cass
 This is the best CD ! Any age will enjoy the music . I know some of the band very well and they are SO nice ! I recomend it !
 Rockabilly fans have been enjoying Lew Williams ' recordings on Imperial compilations for years but this CD gathers all the released sides along with demos , alternate versions , and unreleased takes . If you like `` Something I Said '' , `` Cat Talk '' , `` Centipede '' , and `` Bop Bop Ba Doo Bop '' this CD will knock you out ! Lew 's version of `` New Pink Suedes '' would have been a killer if Carl Perkin 's Sun recording had n't made it to market first . The CD includes extensive liner notes too . Lew Williams is alive and well and living in the Dallas area . He will be headlining at Viva Las Vegas on April 22 , 2000 . This CD is a `` must have '' for any serious fan of 50 's Rockabilly & Rock 'n' Roll .
 My rockabilly band had been covering 4 or 5 of Lew Williams ' songs when , quite by chance , I was introduced to him through a friend just before this album came out . Lew is an absolutely delightful man and we have become good friends . It was a treat and an education to hear him tell of his experiences in the early days of rock 'n' roll . I was honored when Lew took the stage for the first time in 41 years and asked my band to back him.This CD includes the released recordings that have been wildly popular with collectors and rockabilly fans for decades as well as well unreleased demos of songs Lew wrote in the 50 's . All are lively and fresh today despite being recorded more than 40 years ago . Lew 's songs perfectly capture a bit of what it was like to be a Texas teenager in the days when rock 'n' roll was exciting and new.Some interesting trivia
 A Legendary rock 'n' roll performer . A lot of his songs were covered or plagiarized . This is dirty rock 'n' roll with a little jazzy feel . The collection is featuring 29 songs that were recorded between 1953 and 1958 . Some songs are issued here for the first time -LRB- `` My New Pink Suedes '' , `` Rock 'n' Roll School '' , ... -RRB- .
 Lew Williams has done a remarkable job of presenting in one CD his complete output as a rockabilly artist of the 50s . The sound reproduction and remastering of these super-rare tracks are state-of-the-art ! The liner notes tell his whole story from his early career to his life after leaving the music biz . I highly recommend this CD , it is cram-packed with tracks and would be worth it at twice the price !! I met Mr. Williams in 1992 , he is a classy gentleman indeed , and at that time he was not even aware that he had long had a cult following among rockabilly enthusiasts in the US , Europe and even Japan . What I like about this release , is that it is geared to both the casual listener like me , as well as the obsessive record collector type who wants to know exactly when and where every track was recorded and released . This shows Williams ' understanding of the modern CD buyer and his business savvy are razor sharp as he approaches the age when most folks would be content to sit in a rocking chair . Well , Lew is rocking ... rocking the house . Catch him live and in person if you can ! This music is the real deal , and therefore it is timeless ! Go cat , go !
 Clapton has said of The Band 's `` Music from Big Pink '' that it `` changed my life . '' `` No Reason to Cry '' may not be Clapton at his best , but if you like The Band -LRB- as I do -RRB- , then you 'll probably enjoy this compact disc.Many of the songs sound like they could be from The Band , except for Clapton 's voice . Robbie Robertson , Rick Danko and Richard Manuel play backup for Clapton , and members of The Band wrote two of the tracks
 No Reason To Cry finds Eric Clapton playing rustic , down home music in the vein of one his favorite bands , The Band . In fact members of The Band show up on the album as well as their mentor , Bob Dylan . Mr. Dylan plays on the shuffling `` Sign Language '' , but his influence is felt throughout the album . Songs like `` Beautiful Thing '' , `` Black Summer Rain '' and `` Hello Old Friend '' have a Dylanesque feel . Mr. Clapton is more like the ringleader on this album . setting the stage and then stepping back for other to step into the arena . His backup singers Marcy Levy & Yvonne Elliman have pronounced roles and sidekick extraordinare Ron Wood plays some vibrant licks . No Reason To Cry is a potpourri of sounds , but a satisfying listen .
 While many reviewers and fans neglect the albums between `` 461 Ocean Boulevard '' and `` Slowhand , '' 1975 's `` There 's One in Every Crowd '' and 1976 's `` No Reason to Cry '' easily equal the quality of the former masterpieces . No major radio singles , but plenty of mellow blues , funky riffs , moving ballads , and tasteful musicianship . And `` Hello Old Friend '' is a little slice of 70s country-rock heaven . `` No Reason to Cry '' belongs in best-of lists , not bargain bins !
 Eric Clapton at this time in his career was hanging out with members of the Band , and of course Bob Dylan.There are several songs of note on this CD.Sign Language is a duet with Bob Dylan . Over the years Dylan has offered several songs to Clapton . This is the only one they have collaborated on . Sign Language is not a great song , but I find it very interesting to hear Dylan and Clapton sing together.County Jail Blues is another strong effort and has slide guitar.At this point in Clapton 's career we had not heard much slide guitar . It has a Mississippi Delta blues flavor that I love.All Our Past Times is another duet with Rick Danko.Clapton at this time was listening to country music and it shows throughout the album.Double Trouble is another strong piece that appears on this CD.Clapton in my mind is at his best with slow blues and this is no exception.This is not his best , but a solid effort.If you have never heard Clapton before this would not be a good place to start . This is for people like me who are really into Clapton .
 I recently added `` No Reason to Cry '' to my Clapton discography collection . It was the last Clapton commercial release I acquired . I can only ask myself how I let this gem slip through the cracks . I agree with most reviewers that `` 461 '' and `` Slowhand '' are better recordings . However , the disappointment listeners feel with this album is a testament to Clapton 's brilliance . By any other artist , this recording would be getting far greater accolades . However , Clapton fans are used to over-the-top , superb recordings on a regular basis , rendering us spoiled . I submit that an `` average '' Clapton album is superior to many musician 's best work . My favorite song on the album , written by EC , is `` Hello Old Friend . '' Simple and beautiful .
 This album came along at a time when most fans were screaming for lightning guitar runs , and bluesy wailings , and in the process missing the intricasies of a real good recording . At this place and time , E.C. was playing music that was impacted greatly by The band ` s Music From The Big Pink , Delaney and Bonnie , and even Don Williams . He felt there was beauty in sparse languid music and this proves him right . The intensity is in in the laid back harmonics and writing , giving us a chance to really hear his singing , and playing . It ` s a lot harder to play like this without distortion and speed to hide behind , and give the songs greater impact emotionally.I spent many a night in the North Atlantic listening to this with another Clapton fan marveling at his ability to bring heartfelt emotions with what he does n`t play as opposed to what he does . This is a keeper .
 While many reviewers and fans neglect the albums between `` 461 Ocean Boulevard '' and `` Slowhand , '' 1975 's `` There 's One in Every Crowd '' and 1976 's `` No Reason to Cry '' easily equal the quality of the former masterpieces . No major radio singles , but plenty of mellow blues , funky riffs , moving ballads , and tasteful musicianship . And `` Hello Old Friend '' is a little slice of 70s country-rock heaven . `` No Reason to Cry '' belongs in best-of lists , not bargain bins !
 Fantastic ... I recieved my CD within 3 days and the CD was in great shape . Just AWESOME . Regards , Steven
 `` No Reason to Cry '' is certainly not E.C. 's greatest work , but there is an unassuming directness that deserves attention here . The album explores a variety of musical styles
 While many reviewers and fans neglect the albums between `` 461 Ocean Boulevard '' and `` Slowhand , '' 1975 's `` There 's One in Every Crowd '' and 1976 's `` No Reason to Cry '' easily equal the quality of the former masterpieces . No major radio singles , but plenty of mellow blues , funky riffs , moving ballads , and tasteful musicianship . And `` Hello Old Friend '' is a little slice of 70s country-rock heaven . `` No Reason to Cry '' belongs in best-of lists , not bargain bins !
 I would not rank this album -LRB- yes I own the vinyl -RRB- as one of Eric 's best work . Yet there are several interesting rhythms throughout the disc . The latin flavored Carnival is a highlight and as well as the fine soloing on the blues flavored Double Trouble . On this record , Eric regulated much of the instrumental solos to Ronnie Wood and members of the Band . Even on Innocent Times and Hungry , Eric lets Marcie Levy and Yvonne Ellman do the bulk of the singing . In general the material is good but somehow after hearing such songs as Layla , Wonderful Tonight , Lay Down Sally , Bell Bottom Blues , and Catch Me If You Can , I expect a little more from EC . This recording really gets a 31/2 star rating but because its Eric , I round to a 4 .
 Excelent songs among outstanding musicians such as the members of &#34; The Band &#34; and Bob Dylan . For the people who likes good music , this CD is indispensable .
 Clapton 's work with The Band and others earns these songs a place in the listener 's ear as to a definitive time of Clapton 's career . Guitar playing , singing and producing is all very pleasing . Remember this LP when it first came out . . the download brought every memory and sense back to life.Enjoy !
 This album was to have been a collaborative work of Bob Dylan and Eric Clapton . But Dylan just liked to play his music and get on with it , while Slow Hand was forever and a day refining and refining and refining . So Dylan , frustrated , laid down `` Sign Language '' and then just walked away from the project . That song happens to be the best track on an otherwise not-too-shabby effort in its own right , but the question always will beg to be asked ... what might have been?For some reason this work is never recognized for its intrinsic qualities , but in some respects it represents the best of what the various Eric Clapton personae were about . Dylan , of course , is Dylan . Good stuff !
 I bought this album for one reason , the Bob Dylan composition , `` Sign Language . '' And boy am I glad I did . The other songs are good too .
 I think this album/cd is the most under-rated project of Eric Clapton . It has a fine bunch of tunes and various styles and sounds very much like the fine material on `` Slowhand '' .
 Clapton just has so many great albums . No Reason To Cry is no exception . Every song on the album is great . Buy it .
 This is actually the second set of a concert on March 21 , 1960 . The album is the companion to what 's listed -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- as `` 03/20/60 '' -LRB- which would be the first set of March 21 , ' 60 -RRB- . People may consider getting the `` Complete Stockholm '' recordings , but this is the only set of cds that are actual recordings of the concert , in it 's entirety , as if you were there . This is the way these old shows should be listened to , in the order played , not in the order some producer thinks you should hear them!As for the music , this is Miles at his peak , to me . If you like the older , more direct , incredibley inspirational Miles , this is the album for you . The quality of recording is supurb for it 's age too . A must for any Miles fan that wants to collect some `` live '' performances .
 In the winter of 1960 , Miles Davis convinced John Coltrane to come on tour with him to Europe . Coltrane was itching to leave and form his own group , but agreed while letting Miles know this was going to be the last time.Several recordings of that tour survive , including this one . Miles 's repertoire at the time consisted mostly of standards , most of which his fans had heard on classic albums like Walkin ' , Relaxin ' and ` Round About Midnight . Miles 's playing could n't have disappointed them ; he takes more chances on the bandstand , but that spare lyricism is in full bloom . And the French audiences at this Olympia concert surely enjoyed the supremely groovin ' and swingin ' rhythm section of Wynton Kelly , Paul Chambers , and Jimmy Cobb.Their feelings on John Coltrane 's playing can be determined from the mix of boos and cheers on `` Bye Bye Blackbird '' . It 's an incredible solo , long and convoluted , mixing in his lyricism with a high level of intensity and all sorts of avant-garde sounds that were still novel to many jazz fans -- even those familiar with Trane 's playing on Milestones and Kind of Blue . -LRB- Not sure if Giant Steps was already out , but it would n't have offered much help either . -RRB- You can already hear Trane looking past `` My Favorite Things '' -LRB- which he would record seven months after this concert -RRB- to the tour-de-force explorations of `` Chasing the Trane '' and `` Impressions '' at the Village Vanguard . His playing on `` Walkin ' '' is equally electrifying.This release will appeal to all sorts of people . There is n't much of the structural experimentation of the 1964 and 1965 recordings , but those looking for something edgy will love Coltrane 's playing . Those who love 50s Miles will find a lot to love as well -- Miles 's playing and the swinging rhythm section .
 Mark Kmit 's ` Umilenye'is collection of music that could have been the theme music for nine different movies.Kmit seems to have a wide backround in music , judging by the range of styles displayed on this CD.From the triumphant , heroic opener ` Hurrah!For the Lost Paladins ' , to the nine-minute closing piece ` Rodina ' , the compositions range from the exotic and atmospheric -LRB- ` Dragons Dance ' , ` Yuruichi ' -RRB- to dark and foreboding -LRB- ` Progress ' -RRB- to the sublimely beautiful -LRB- ` Berceuse ' -RRB- . The compositions are clothed in a rich tapestry of instrumental color , the musical ideas well thought out and the recording quality is superb.Engaging , yet accessable.A CD that conjures up visions of imaginary places .
 Five WONDERFUL Stars ! This DVD is a visual and aural double pleasure
 Uchida 's interpretation and playing of this Beethoven piano concerto is brilliant ... one ot the best , if not the best , I 've heard .
 Concerto for Piano and Orchestra No. 4 op. 58 G major by Ludwig van BeethovenRosamunde D 797 Overture No. 1a by Franz SchubertConcerto for Oboe , Violin and Strings No. 9 by Johann Sebastian BachPulcinella -LRB- Suite 1922 -RRB- by Igor Stravinsky
 Mitsuko Ushida is one of the great , great piano players in actuality and that 's why i 'm trying to complete a full discography of hers .
 ` First Under the Wire ' is a very consistent and pleasing record . Assuming you like the LRB sound -LRB- I do , very much -- but they inspire loathing in some , a mystery to me unless those people hate melody , killer harmonies , and strong songwriting -RRB- . I find it to be essentially a reworking of their previous album ` Sleepercatcher ' , with lots of ` matching ' tracks . Cool Change = Sanity 's Side , The Rumor = Shut Down Turn Off , Middle Man = Light of Day etc. . That 's not a problem for me though , because I love Sleepercatcher . I have to take issue with the reviewer who panned Mistress Of Mine , though ... I think it 's one of Glenn Shorrock 's finest moments.Definitely one of LRB 's high points .
 I have been looking for this album in CD form since my turntable died and never could . This is one of my all time favorites and I was devistated when I could n't listen to it . It brings back some very pleasant memories and I always long for them when I hear this great album . I hope everyone gets a chance to listen to the great vocal qualities of the members of LRB . They blend in a way few bands ever have . The words of Cool Change are powerful and speak of a point in my life when I knew it really was time for a change . What a great album !
 i ca n't believe that this album not reissued yet . capitol records must be out of there heads not to put this classic album on cd , with all these killer tracks on both sides i 'm scratching my head in amazement that they deleted it in the first place , if you can find it , it 's worth the $ to get it . i do hope it will get reissued someday with the catchy harmories & guitar work it 's winner . highly recommended !
 `` First Under the Wire '' # 10 -LRB- 1979 -RRB- .4 th studio release . Get this back in print , great pop-rock and the harmonies are amazing . Great tracks in , `` Lonesome Loser '' , # 6 , `` The Rumour '' , `` Cool Change '' , # 10 , `` It 's Not A Wonder '' , # 79 , the great `` Hard Life '' and `` Man On The Run '' .
 This version is an excellent japanese reissue of the original , as it was in 1979 -LRB- no bonus tracks , no nothing else -RRB- . Quality sound is pretty good -LRB- I do n't want to repeat excellent !!! ... -RRB- . Booklet is complete with lyrics -LRB- in English -RRB- , preface and info in japanese.Excellent album . If rating could have 1 + star , I 'd rate it so !
 PRINCE songs like `` Sister '' , `` Sexuality '' , `` Delirious '' and `` Horny Toad '' and anything else similar are sounds of DEZ . DEZ did n't write them but the music touched PRINCE , he never had that sound before the DIRTY MIND album . But he did use it when DEZ left to do The MODERNNAIRES for `` Let 's Go Crazy '' . DEZ is no longer that wild man,Chinese-bandana wearing , axeman . He 's still the axeman , but a born-again one . 13 songs , all of them with heartfelt lyrics to make you think like `` Like A Merry Go Round '' he talks about the ups and downs that life brings us . `` Peacehopejoy '' maybe the heaviest song on the CD while most of the disc is mellow but great guitar work.At the end of the album , behind `` Real To Me '' he gives thanks to fans and JESUS CHRIST and asks you to come along . The CD does not bore , musically , lyrically and spiritually . DEZ would tell you , it 's just `` The Way I Feel '' . DEZ I feel ya !
 CD is in mint condition and arrived within a few days . I had been looking for music by Big Walter and had no luck locally . This CD has many of his well-know hits .
 It 's only February , but I can state without fear of later contradicting myself that this album is going to be on my top ten list of recordings in all genres of music for the year - and very likely at the top of all of 2007 's jazz releases . It 's that good . It 's absolutely stunning.Enrico Rava has , over the course of his career -LRB- 40 + years -RRB- , continued to solidify his reputation as one of the most vital , innovative jazz players and composers in the world . His sense of melody , harmony , timing and mood have grown and matured over time to an incredible degree - his compositions flow with a natural , living spirit , possessing a life of their own . This current band , more than any other that he has had , plays with a unity of purpose and vision that elevates it to a plateau that few ensembles ever reach - it 's a complete joy as a listener to encounter music that is composed and performed on this level.The personnel on The words and the days is the same as Rava 's impeccable 2004 release Easy living -LRB- which marked his return to the ECM fold after working with various other labels for a number of years -RRB- , with the exception of Andrea Pozza replacing Stefano Bollani on piano . Bollani is a wunderkind , but Pozza has absolutely no trouble stepping into his slot . If anything , Pozza 's style might even make the band 's sound even closer , more empathetic than before . I got a little taste of him working with Rava and trombonist Petrella in a DVD of Rava 's performance at the 2006 Montreal Jazz Festival - his work in that performance -LRB- along with everyone in the band -RRB- was amazing.It 's almost as if the five musicians are in touch with each other telepathically - the mark of a great ensemble in any genre , but especially in jazz . The interplay sounds too natural and spontaneous to be completely rehearsed -LRB- although some of it is no doubt arranged and charted -RRB- - I would go so far as to characterize it as ` conversational ' , the musical equivalent of a group of close friends talking , attentive but relaxed.Rava 's trumpet work is , as always , as close to perfect as you 'll ever hear . Every player has his or her own style on whatever instrument they choose to employ - their personality and spirit flows through their playing into the ears , mind and heart of the listener . The notes flow from Rava 's horn at times like honey , or perhaps the first sunlight at dawn - other times there 's no escaping the fire at their heart - but his tone is never brash or harsh , and always controlled . I 've read that he started out as a young self-taught musician playing the trombone , then heard Miles Davis and Chet Baker , causing him to switch instruments . He has taken that inspiration as a foundation and built a musical vocabulary that is uniquely his own , a sonic voice that is instantly recognizable.The exchanges between Rava and Petrella are especially invigorating - listen to the incredibly beautiful lines they exchange on ` The wind ' -LRB- a Russell Freeman composition -RRB- - it 's lovely to the point of making the heart ache . Pozza 's piano alternately accents , harmonizes , leads and mirrors the other two - his work on this recording leaves no doubt standing about his place in this group . Bassist Rosario Bonaccorso and drummer Roberto Gatto - each of whom contributes a composition to the set here - put in their usual stellar performances as well . Their playing is too intelligent and spiritually in tune with the rest of the group to ever be considered as ` merely ' sidemen - they 're an integral part of this musical organism and play vital roles.There 's not a weak track in the lot - any one of them could be cited as a standout , depending on one 's tastes and perceptions . ` Art deco ' , written by the great Don Cherry , is given a breathtaking duo treatment by Rava and Petrella - the two horns issue melodies that offer the listener quite a treat
 Enrico Rava is jazz royalty in his native Italy . In the more than four-decades since he gained his initial acclaim in the then burgeoning avant-garde scene as part of Argentinean saxophonist Gato Barbieri 's band , he has not only mentored two generations of his homeland 's aspiring jazz musicians but also become one of its most valued and valuable musical exports.With his most recent ECM release , `` The Words and the Days , '' Rava picks up where ` 04 's gem `` Easy Living '' left off . Featuring the same group - with the exception of pianist Andrea Pozza who replaces Stefano Bollani , the quintet once again showcases their unique brand of nimble , empathic interplay.Buoyed by a strong group aesthetic , much of the strength and charm of this collective comes from the quality of the material they work with . Eight of the twelve tunes are Rava originals . A craftsman in the truest sense , the trumpeter 's trademark sonic sketches expertly capture and convey a mood while also providing an ideal backdrop for interaction and improvisation.The title track opens the disc with the trumpeter delicately delivering the wistful longing of the theme over the rhythm section 's hushed accompaniment . The twice-recorded `` Secrets '' follows and finds trombonist Gianluca Petrella joining the front-line . Building to a breezy , gentle gait , effective solos by Rava as well as bassist Rosario Bonaccorso , Pozza , and Petrella serve to formally introduce the band.The terse swing of `` Echoes of Duke '' is anchored by Pozza 's piano and propelled by Gatto and Bonaccorso . Rava solos with gleeful abandon and considerable aplomb while Petrella 's plunger-muted solo evokes the playful musicality of the finest Ellington ensembles and would surely make the tunes ' namesake proud.Petrella may be thirty years Rava 's junior , however while listening , one ca n't help but be struck by the notion that they are kindred musical spirits of the highest order . Don Cherry 's `` Art Deco '' is splendidly cast as a playful duet which features the twosome engaged in an animated dialogue . Elsewhere `` Bob the Cat '' opens with the brass engaged in a spirited musical march while Gatto 's `` Traps '' shines additional light on their strong rapport with its whimsical theme and an extended section that finds them soloing in tandem.Taken together `` The Words and the Days '' and its previously mentioned predecessor `` Easy Living '' compliment one another like two sides of the same glorious , preciously minted gold coin.Fans of Rava 's music will find this new CD essential while those just looking for something exceptional to experience and savor need look no further . This is highly recommended listening .
 An impressive album from an impressive Italian quintet . Rava plays the tunes with relaxed feeling and subtle strength , while the band follows him with inventiveness and depth . Petrella on trombone is just as good , Bonaccorso on bass delivers mellow lines and Gatto on drums is the most sympathetic partner one can think of . If you wonder whether you are going to miss the incredibly gifted Stefano Bollani on piano , you 'll be surprised to discover Andrea Pozza as a valid replacement .
 I like this album a lot , but it has to really grow on you . This album is very mellow and blue . But is is perfect for playing after a long day as kind of a background sound . I also posses Tati , by Rava which is very similar . Very , very nice and extremely mellow . Rava has been setting the standard for non-American jazz for sometime . For those of you who yearn for something off the beaten track , check him out
 I think one of Rava 's best recent albums . Flowing and gorgeous , & amazingconsidering many new members of the group . I think this ensemble works even better than his recent ones with Stefano Bollani.Elegant and interesting jazz ideas throughout . I play it a lot and do n't tire of it .
 What a splendid jazz piece by the master trumpet player Rava has introduced a unique style and warmth and this is further development of his earlier piece , enjoy !
 Listening to this album is the aural equivalent of a Salvador Dali painting . You never quite know what this musical magician is going to pull out of the hat next but when it comes it sounds just so right.Trumpet / trombone horn make-up is favoured by Rava and each subsequent release just gets better.I have him in my collection as duo -LRB- with piano -RRB- plus a quintet with the same instrumentation as Words & Days.At times Rava uses economy and then suddenly emotive outbursts in the best of jazz tradition . A nice balance in the program also enhances this album and repeated playings just make it better .
 I knew nothing about Ms. McWilson other than the fact that producer Dave Alvin would be joining her onstage the night I went to see her play at a local club ... and what a great show it was ! I immediately went out and purchased Bed Of Roses and liked the CD even better . McWilson has a wonderful voice -- she reminds me a bit of Marti Jones -- and the album kicks off with several excellent tunes in a row , especially `` Serpentine River '' and `` Lila Jean '' ... The title track is excellent as well , and `` Ca n't Stop A Train '' may be my favorite song on the disc . Most of the cuts were written or co-written by McWilson , though `` Darkness Darkness '' is a Jesse Colin Young composition -LRB- which is just a little TOO dark for my taste -RRB- ... Overall , an excellent slice of modern roots rock/alt . country -- the kind of stuff you simply ca n't find on commercial radio any more . Highly recommended .
 I first heard Christy McWilson sing `` The Serpentine River '' while I was driving my truck around the Seattle area one morning . The song was so amazing that I had to write it down and check out this singer on the web . I promised myself that someday I would buy this CD . Once I picked it up , I could n't believe just how amazing it was . If Christy McWilson were a painter , her canvas would stretch a city block ! Her songs are so strong and powerful that they seem to make the stories contained within them seem enormous in depth and scale . They empower their characters and the themes centered around them . The only question I 'm left with is why is n't this talented woman a major recording artist ? I 've heard so much music over the years , but rarely have I ever listened to anything as amazing as the songs on this CD .
 McWilson has a strong , clear voice with a country tear -LRB- as in teardrop -RRB- . Her band , headed by roots rocker Dave Alvin , has a driving , tight Bakersfield sound with fuzzed guitar rock edges instead of fiddle ; it kicks butt . With the catchy tunes and generally melancholy lyrics , it 's a powerful bittersweet mix that cuts right through me.Most of the songs were written by McWilson , who 's been writing , playing and singing since the early 80s , mostly around Seattle for much of her career . -LRB- I 'm on my way to look up her 90s work with The Picketts . -RRB- She slowed down to raise her daughter after this CD was released , but she 's got a new self-released album here at Amazon -LRB- Martini 's Mansion -RRB- , and she 's back to touring and recording with Alvin , as one of The Guilty Women . On `` 8:05 , '' originally a Moby Grape song , Alvin takes the lead vocal , a deep soulful one , and McWilson adds the sweet harmonies . They 're well matched.Some songs make people think of early Linda Ronstadt ; `` True Believer '' in particular has some `` When Will I Be Loved '' vibe in it . But this album has less of a pop feel . On more relaxed numbers like `` The Serpentine River '' and `` The Sheep Song '' McWilson recalls Judy Collins . `` Ca n't Stop a Train , '' among others , makes me think especially of Laura Cantrell.Alvin produced the album and plays -LRB- mostly -RRB- electric guitar ; Don Heffington is on drums -LRB- up front in the mix , in the old Bakersfield way -RRB- ; Rick Shea is on acoustic guitar ; Scott McCaughey -LRB- McWilson 's husband at the time and frequent sideman for R.E.M. -RRB- along with Tony Marsico and David Jackson trade off on bass ; and Peter Buck -LRB- of R.E.M. -RRB- plays several exotic electric guitars and electric sitar -LRB- ! -RRB- . Greg Leisz -LRB- who by coincidence I just saw playing lap steel guitar on a more jazz-oriented Joni Mitchell DVD -- he gets around -RRB- , Eric Danheim and Brian Kenney add more guitar sounds . Chris Gaffney plays accordion on three cuts . Leroy `` Blackie '' Sleep , who was with McWilson in The Picketts , and Jennifer Potter chip in backing vocals on one song each.This CD 's a steal at the prices you can get it for used and even new from other sellers through Amazon -LRB- less than a couple bucks plus shipping as I write this -RRB- . If you like rockin ' alt-country women , you can hardly miss .
 Seattle singer Christy McWilson gives us a strong set for her second release . While I never knew her band the Picketts who released 3 recordings , Dave Alvin polishes the arrangements here to produce an excellent collection . Don Heffington 's drums thunder on the opening track `` Life 's Little Enormities '' as McWilson 's strong voice comes across a bit like Linda Ronstadt . One of the best tracks is the midtempo `` The Serpentine River '' with Dave Alvin 's solo electric guitar reverbing like classic Johnny Cash over McWilson 's wistful melody . `` 805 , '' a Moby Grape track , has Alvin 's deep duet vocal blending with Christy , `` I ca n't go on ; it 's useless to try . '' The other cover tune is Jesse Colin Young 's `` Darkness Darkness '' where McWilson shows herself to be an excellent interpreter of this somber elegant melody . The title track is a toe tapper with McWilson 's strong vocals floating airily over the musical commotion . Christy goes a bit retro on `` Ca n't Stop A Train , '' sounding like a classic pop song . My favorite track comes at the end , `` I 'm going to spend my days staying up all night '' she sings as the guitars crunch on `` Tightrope . '' `` Bed of Roses '' is a strong set with Christy 's voice and strong instrumental support . Her songwriting does n't have great distinctiveness , leading to a somewhat faceless feel for the set . However , the strong performance points certainly make this a pleasant set , well worth the time . Enjoy !
 The Seattle-based McWilson -LRB- formerly of the Dynette Set and the Picketts -RRB- re-teams with producer/guitarist Dave Alvin and several supporting musicians -LRB- including Rick Shea and Peter Buck on guitars , Don Heffington on drums , and Chris Gaffney on accordion -RRB- for her second solo release . Familiarity has deepened everyone 's confidence , enhancing McWilson 's comfort as the album 's star , and expanding Alvin 's ideas for framing her voice.The album uses wah-wah , fuzz and baritone guitar , jaw harp , accordion and psychedelic production touches to create a punchier sound than McWilson 's debut . But whatever the instrumentation , McWilson 's voice is at each song 's center . Though compared to Patsy Cline in her press -LRB- and she certainly evidences a good helping of twang -RRB- , her intonation brings to mind Connie Francis , but drawn with the melancholy of Franoise Hardy 's early-60s sides , and a vocal waveryness akin to Kelly Willis . There 's a fragility and sadness in McWilson 's voice that extends well beyond the written lyric.The album opens with a superb quintet of songs , encompassing rock , folk , ballads and country two-steps , propelled by hook-filled melodies and clever instrumental touches . `` Lila Jean , '' provides a chiming epiphany about stagefright , and `` The Serpentine River '' matches McWilson 's aching vocal with an underline of baritone guitar and accordion . `` True Believer '' sheds a ray of hope and hammers home the melody with a double-tracked chorus vocal . Moby Grape 's `` 8:05 '' is served up as a duet with Alvin , intertwining McWilson 's delicate vocal with Alvin 's bottomless bass voice.The remaining seven tracks include a harrowing contemplation of depression -LRB- `` The Sheep Song '' -RRB- , mid-life crisis -LRB- `` Bed of Roses '' -RRB- , and a cover of Jesse Collin Young 's `` Darker , Darker '' whose intro threatens `` The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald , '' before settling into a more Youngbloodsian groove.While many of her contemporaries are settling into non-musical lives , McWilson is accelerating her juggle of family and career . Rather than pining for youth , McWilson draws upon the complexities of mid-life , marriage , motherhood and career to develop a lyrical perspective not often represented in pop music . She sings her mix of rock , folk , country and rockabilly with talent and conviction , backed by a superb group of players .
 Like her past releases , this one radiates . Her voice is hypnotizing . This is one of those albums that you listen to in bed or while laying on your back flat on the floor with the lights out . Its beautiful , its depressing , its ... just buy it .
 While not the best collaboration between these two tenor giants of the 1950 's , this small group swing session is first rate and features some fine performances by both Sims and Cohn . 16 tracks including alternate takes , this session was recorded in 1956 and includes the rhythm section of Osie Johnson , Milt Hinton , Dave McKenna/Hank Jones -LRB- alternating on piano -RRB- and not to forget Dick Sherman on trumpet . Good , solid swinging jazz . My only criticism is that the arrangements here are somewhat uninspired -LRB- or at least not very clever -RRB- when compared to some of Cohn 's other sextet outings of the period . Recommended and well worth the price .
 Al Cohn and Zoot Sims team up to provide a tightly woven , well-orchestrated album that will keep your toes tappin ' and your face grinni n'Their collective ability to show a lighter side and sense of humor on this album has made it one of the favorites in my collection , alongside Zoot 's collaboration with Clifford Brown .
 This CD -LRB- reissued by Savoy in 1994 -RRB- has tenor saxophonist Al Cohn 's first two sessions as a leader . Cohn , who was very influenced during the era by Lester Young , is in fine early form with a 1950 quartet that also includes pianist George Wallington , bassist Tommy Potter and drummer Tiny Kahn , and with a 1953 quintet that has trumpeter Nick Travis , pianist Horace Silver , bassist Curley Russell and drummer Max Roach . All but two numbers -LRB- `` How Long Has This Been Going On '' and an excellent version of `` Let 's Get Away Ffrom It All '' -RRB- are Cohn 's inventive originals ; best are `` Infinity , '' `` That 's What You Think '' -LRB- heard in two versions -RRB- and `` Ah-Moore . ''
 This 1956 studio session is a tasty sample of the memorable collaboration between tenor saxophonists Cohn and Sims . The 12 tracks from the original album -LRB- supplemented by four alternate takes -RRB- are short , ranging from three to four-and-a-half minutes , but still manage to include some nice improvisations . There 's also some good small ensemble work on the tracks where the two tenors and rhythm are joined by Dick Sherman on trumpet . The rhythm section is Osie Johnson on drums , Milt Hinton on bass , and Dave McKenna and Hank Jones splitting the piano duties.Maybe it 's my bias as a saxophonist , but my favorite tracks are the ones without the trumpet , allowing more room for the tenors to engage in the back-and-forth musical conversations that they always did so brilliantly , and seemingly effortlessly . These include the up-tempo tunes `` From A to Z , '' `` Somebody Loves Me , '' and `` Tenor for Two Please , Jack , '' plus the smooth and relaxed `` East of the Sun . `` This is an excellent jazz flashback to the 1950s rendered by two of that era 's most notable sax men . The original liner notes are included .
 Really classic tenor saxs from the mid 1950 's , with the same mood and swing of `` The Brothers ! ''
 Do n't listen to the other reviews . 1 -RRB- Sam Gopal does not ` pound the drums ' , he is a highly skilled tabla player from India . 2 -RRB- This was not a hastily conceived novelty act , but a follow on to the prior Sam Gopal 's Dream . What you will find are 11 great tracks of heavy moody psych with an eastern slant . Other memebers included Lemmy later of Hawkwind and Motorhead and Andy Clark later of Clark-Hutchinson -LRB- and currently working with Gopal again -RRB- .
 Originally released in 1969 . I remember it taking awhile for me to land down a copy of this disc , and I do n't mind telling you that it was well worth the trouble . When I showed a friend of mine this CD , he quipped , `` that 's ancient '' . He apparently recognized Lemmy RIGHT AWAY on the cover . ` Escalator ' is a darn good sounding reissue of the short lived UK band . Best described as psychedelia with plenty of tabla being supplied by group founder Sam Gopal . It 's noted that Lemmy is on lead vocals as well as lead guitar and bass . Very nice scratching post for the future infamous Hawkwind / Motorhead mainman . The tunes that stood out are `` Cold Embrace '' , the very cool `` The Sky Is Burning '' , `` Grass '' and their cover of Donovan 's `` Season Of The Witch '' . Personnel
 Amazing drumpounding by Sam , mixed with Lemmy 's Whiskey-drained vocals makes this album one of my top 5 favorites of all time.Buy It Today !
 Sam Gopal is best known for its singer/guitarist Ian Willis , who was on his trajectory from the Rockin ' Vickers to becoming Lemmy Kilmister , bassist for Hawkwind.In his autobiography , Lemmy devotes a couple of pages to this chapter of his career . The band -- unique in having tabla instead of regular drums -- developed an enthusiastic following , even though it was hard to amplify the booming percussion . The band broke up when it became clear that this indie LP was not going anywhere . ` Escalator ' is a real period piece , and stands alongside the recent ` Cries from the Midnight Circus ' as a chronicle of the psychedelic era as it evolved in the UK between 1968-70 . The tracks are relatively short and urgent , although many of the lyrics display a ` downer ' vibe that Lemmy would carry over into his work with Hawkwind . Those looking for clues to his evolution as a bass player will though be stymied as he was recruited here explicitly as a singer/guitarist ; and before his voice was roughened up by the occasional cigarette , he displays the higher register that was featured later on ` Silver Machine ' . This is far from a ` must-have ' but its way more than something for maniacal collectors only -LSB- but for them -- this is a nicely packaged reproduction of the LP and also has A/B sides of the band 's only single -RSB- . If you liked what you heard from this on ` Midnight Circus ' and/or ` Damage Case ' you should go ahead and give this a listen .
 The factor of the 100th power
 I 've had this album since it was released . It was unusual then , and it 's unusual now - but still good . Like a dark Tindersticks with distorted guitar . If you want to hear something different , try this .
 Sam Gopal was brought back from obscurity by his connection to Ian Fraser Kilmister -LRB- b. 1945 -RRB- - the famous Lemmy of Motorhead , who was guitarist and singer of the first incarnations of Sam Gopal 's band , which feature other two stars - Mick Hutchinson on guiatr and Andy Clark on keyboards - of the future Clark Hutchinson -LRB- Free to Be Stoned-Complete Anthology , A = Mh2 -LRB- Exp -RRB- , Gestalt -LRB- Dig -RRB- -RRB- ... Years after Gopal returned to co-operation with Andy Clark , and in 1990/1991 recorded two solo projects - `` Soap Opera '' and `` Not For Sale '' -LRB- as far as I know , available on vinyl only - sorry , if I am wrong -RRB- . The early bands of Gopal were managed by Robert Stigwood and , later , - by Peter Grant -LRB- as `` Cosmosis '' Sam Gopal recorded several tracks for Led Zeppelin label in 1971 -RRB- . Sam Gopal was born in Malasia and studied and played tablas -LRB- not bongas or congas - tablas , tradition percussion of the Northern India -RRB- since the age of 7 . In 1962 he came to London and by 1965/66 his `` Sam Gopal Dream '' became an element of growing London psychedelic scene . If Ravi Shankar revolutionized sittar , Sam Gopal did the same for tabla -LRB- or tablas -RRB- , with which he replaced traditional percussion section of the rock-band . That was excellent innovative music - psychedelic , underground , avant-grade - is irrelevant.In 1967 the band performed in London Alexandra Palace next to Pink Floyd , Savoy Brown , Arthur Brown , etc , etc , - needless to say that Sam Gopal was more convincing and mature than shy and naive ventures of other bands into meditative oriental music.In mid-70s Gopal worked in France with Didier Malherbe -LRB- sax -RRB- and Patrice Lemoine -LRB- piano -RRB- . He spend further 7 or so years in Nepal studying tabla and theory of music , which brought his skills further up - almost to impossible perfection - and broaded his composing horizon - Sam Gopal 's music was based on 12-tone table with new over-tones and rhythms -LRB- in 1999 he recorded the first blues performed on tablas - `` Solid Water Blues '' . Although staying somehow in the shade , Sam Gopal is an iconoclastic personality in the history of music and an institution himself - buy this album ! Hopefully other solo projects will be available on CDs as well
 This CD is a very nice and comfy collection of hymns , well done with melody and harmony . Featuring Butch Baldassari on Mandolin , Aubrey Haynie on Fiddle , Robert Bowlin on Guitar , Dennis Crouch/Mike Bub on Bass , and occasionally John Mock on Concertina , Stuart Duncan on Banjo and John Mock on the Accordian . The mandolin , guitar and fiddle trade off on the melody and harmony parts taking turns , bringing their unique sounds and feeling into each hymn . All the hymns are traditional and can be played as background music or featured at an Old Fashioned/Country Sunday service . Highly recommended and quite a unique collection of instruments , especially featuring the mandolin with its beautiful tremelo.Finally , I see this album as a tribute to Butch Baldassari , who is suffering from inoperable brain cancer and the effects of chemotherapy . Please buy this album and support Butch and keep him in your thoughts and prayers .
 I have many CDs from some pretty amazing musicians but this one is my absolute favorite ! These men are incredible . The songs in this collection were interpreted with such heart and such impeccable skill . It 's a joy to own and live with . I am a professional oil painter and love to listen to Mr. Baldassari 's work while I work , I never get tired of it . I also have his CDs , Cantabile , and Appilachian Dulcimer and Mandolin and would recommend them heartily too . I would recommend anything he does.Mr . Baldassari is in a big battle with cancer , an inoperable brain tumor . Purchasing his CDs would be a great show of support to him and his family . Band together for Butch !
 This is an outstanding CD . Playing is masterfu . Cut # 5 , `` Down To The River To Pray '' is the best arrangement of that piece that I have ever heard .
 This is by far one of the most well designed renditions of Christian music played on the mandolin.The artistry is fenomenal . The quality of the recording is magnificent.I enjoyed every piece interpreted by Butch Baldassari . He demonstrated he is a big maestro in his field.I recommend every lover of string music to acquire this product . Listening to it might make you feel closer to Heaven .
 I received this item as promised and enjoy this type of music by mandolins with hymns and it is very relaxing
 This cd is uplifting and beautiful . The lyrics and the music remind me that I am a daughter of God .
 this album has not left my car . i ca n't drive without it . the tribal beats , smooth rhythems and hipnotic sounds keep me going 80mph . Party People rings in my hear and reminds me that i can change the world!finally something other than the same old house music . Hawke is definitly the creator of new sound !
 this album has n't left my cd player ... high on the sea leaves me feeling like i 'm floating in love and salmome 's last chance is one of my all time favorites.i love it , the packaging & the vibe ... keep em ' coming hawke !
 Soo happy Hardkiss put out another gem from San Francisco . Gavin Hardkiss knows how to subtly tweek the usual . Different than Namaquadisco , less experimental with a postive groove . My parents and my nephew like this one . Listen to this when getting ready for a Party , having a party , cocktails after 9pm , getting back from the club or just driving in your car , Party People gon na change the world and leave the 20th century with no regrets .
 this cd has n't left my cd player ... high on the sea leaves me feeling like i 'm floating in love and salome 's last chance is one of my all time favorites . i love it all , the packing & the vibe !
 You can listen to this b4 a concert , party , while getting ready or just driving in the car ... finally one of the Hardkiss boys put something out from San Francisco besides just the SF House we 've been hearing . Party People gon na change the world .
 On this CD they do a lot of powerful -LRB- blues ? -RRB- . The lead singer has a great , rich voice . Live they are even better if you can believe that ! Get this CD . You 'll love it !
 i am a sort of fan of limp bizkit have no albums because only 4 songs out of evrery 12 songs are good on bizkit albums so i thought this would be great this is the track list source -LSB- ... -RSB- 01 - `` Counterfeit `` 02 - `` Faith '' -LRB- George Michael Cover -RRB- 03 - `` Nookie `` 04 - `` Break Stuff `` 05 - `` Re-Arranged `` 06 - `` N 2 Gether Now `` 07 - `` My Generation `` 08 - `` Rollin ' `` 09 - `` My Way `` 10 - `` Boiler `` 11 - `` Take A Look Around `` 12 - `` The One `` 13 - `` Eat You Alive `` 14 - `` Behind Blue Eyes '' -LRB- The Who Cover -RRB- 15 - `` Why `` 16 - `` Lean On `` 17 - `` Home Sweet Home '' -LRB- Motley Crue Cover -RRB- lots of people would buy this album if bizkit promoted it plus 3 new trax !
 that guy beforeme has a point only about 3 songs out of 12 are good in limp bizkit albums so thats why im buying this cus its got thier greatest i think it will sell well .
 This is by far the biggest surprise album I have purchased in a very long time . I like others was reluctant seeing as many Crimson side projects tend to be not as creative as they should be.At first listen is seems to drag a bit but really it is just leading you down the road to some really great playing especially by Tony Levin . Not that Mr. Oteri and the others are not playing masterfully here . Oteri may be unknown to many but he should not be as his playing is at the top of his game and creative as well sounding like keys and guitar at the same time . Take a close listen with headphones.The 23 min . jam titled First Light is amazing and is apparently the very first jam Oteri , Levin and Mastelotto did after meeting in the studio.The production and mixing by Ronan Chris Murphy , who has worked with Crimson on several albums , is superb for what I am assuming is a low budget project.Mr.Oteri deserves more attention than he seems to be getting from Crim fans as well as fans of jazz and rock .
 This album is a great throw back to the 80 's electro-funk sound . Rather than messing with the style , this album is a continuous mix of thumpin ' basslines and catchy riffs that sound like the best of the mid 80 's . If you are wondering what kind of music must have inspired the sound of this album , consider the appearance of 80 's electro-funk diva Shannon -LRB- of `` Let The Music Play '' fame -RRB- on the record . She co-wrote her song on the album `` Takes A Little Time '' and it sounds like it could have been plucked from one of her earlier recordings . Bliss .
 I played this CD once for my friend eric and he hated it saying that it sounds like really bad 80s music , well obviously he did n't `` get it '' . That 's the whole point to this CD , it 's a retro 80s sound that harkens back to a more innocent time of electronic music when it was was n't called ` electronica ' but rather ` techno ' . I got into this CD after seeing the video to ' -LRB- hey you -RRB- what 's that sound ' . picture a parachute pant , Michael Jackson leather jacket wearing Jacques be-boping his way through the streets of NYC carrying one of those keyboard guitar things followed by a group of 80s fashion disaster clad people -LRB- we 're talking leg warmers , sweatsuits , terry cloth headbands and that god awful color combination of heather grey and pink -RRB- culminating with a breakdance contest and you pretty much get the feeling of this CD.It 's cheese but it 's good cheese and much fun to listen to . If nothing else buy this CD for the excellent song ` sometimes ' . It 's a dead ringer for soft cell and if you did n't know that it was les rhythmes you definitely would think that it was soft cell even down to the male vocalist who sounds remarkably like mark almond -LRB- although i do n't think it 's him -RRB- . Definitely my favorite track that has been set on ` repeat ' on my stereo.Buy this only if you can look back on 80s music fondly . If you hate the 80s and everything about it , then steer clear of this release .
 This is one of my favorite CDs that I 've heard in the last year . If you do n't end up loving it , you 're at least guaranteed to think it 's pretty funny.This is just one of those records you ca n't really intellectualize . You hear it , you love it or you hate it . It 's all about fun fun fun and , for me , took no work at all to enjoy or `` get into '' . For the late 90 's , this was a very bold album to produce . So much pressure is put on electronic artists to sound absolutely new and completely groundbreaking , and this record is n't only tinged with 80 's influences -- it often sounds like it was made IN the 80 's . Most of these tracks are wonderful , I only find two to be unlistenable `` Soft Machine '' and `` From
 Listen up kids ! This is the funkiest piece of music to come out of England in the past 6 or 7 years . It grabs you straight from the start , shakes you around and does n't put you down till the end ! The best pieces have to be Disco to Disco and music makes you lose control . HOLD ON , what am I saying , this album is brilliant all the way through . You know its got an 80 's feel to it , but its still got that fresh futuristic sound . I love it . I listen to it atleast twice a day , and i 've had since may 99 ! Go see them live , it 's a different experience altogether .
 Definitely one of the albums of the year . I listen to it non-stop . It 's basically very 80s music -LRB- synthesiser , keytar and Volkswagen GTI -RRB- with a definite 90s house twist . It sounds great especially track 4 `` Hypnotize '' where you feel that you 're back in 1986 and yet it sounds brilliant . Do not hesitate , buy this album , you will not regret it !
 I really like LRD 's remix of Cassius 's song Feeling for you and this CD is the same style . It does have eighties style digitized rythm and I think its sneaky for him to pose as a French guy -LRB- though maybe thats those badboys at Astralwerks -RRB- but its a cool disc . You could definitely do worse . Also , it is consistent . So if you like a song you heard somewhere by him , you 'll like the album .
 If you 're man enough to embrace your love of the 80 's and combine it with your -LRB- very possibly secret -RRB- love of bumpin ' house music , then you will absolutely LOVE Darkdancer . This CD is fantastic ! I have no idea how I stumbled across it , because no radio station in its right mind would play this stuff , but nonetheless , this CD gets you moving ! Money back guarantee right there . Pop this in at a party and watch people start to jam . Either that , or get your ass kicked , but you 'll have fun regardless .
 What I remember about eighties music was a few good singles here and there with a nice sound but rubbish albums . Darkdancer is like all the good bits of the 80s with better production and done by someone with some musical talent . Although there 's some good pop songs on this album , others unfurl subtlely , even majestically . Nostalgia aside , what makes the record good is the music itself . Now that I think of it , there 's loads of 80s compilations coming out at the moment . I hope this does n't mean a full-on revival is on the cards . The charts in the 1980s were poor . That 's that . It 's not clever to like it now ; at least Le Conte or whatever his name is has some skill so I 'll let him off . A good albom . Wel dun !
 To describe Les Rythmes latest offering Darkdancer as a simple retro step back to the early eighties is a huge mistake . Serious musicians and critics often rubbish this period despite the fact that it produced some of the most memorable pop songs ever recorded . Lu Cont 's desire was to pay homage to the melodic electro of this period and adapt it to the modern night clubs of Europe . The key to this albums stunning success is the use of classic analogue keyboards which result in Darkdancer 's rich and warm texture . It 's incredibly catchy in places and superbly produced and you will be hard pushed to pick a favourate track . Darkdancer is a perfect summer album and it will never fail to get you in the mood for a night out clubbing . 80 's diva Shannon makes a welcome return on a track that must have been written with her in mind called Takes a Little Time and it really cries out for a single release . Former 80 's teen hero Nik Kershaw also comes out of exile and provides the vocal honours on Sometimes aided by a classic analogue bassline . It 's the best thing he has ever done ! I was fortunte enough to see Les Rythmes perform live in the dance tent at Reading Festival last summer , and the crowd went absolutely manic to the catchy rifts of Darkdancer . If you own a copy of the Human League 's Dare or any of Depeche Mode 's Vince Clark singles , you will adore this album !
 This album jams ! Yes it is old school influenced but it is a lot catchy fresh techno-pop JAM !
 Jacques Lu Cont -LRB- aka Les Rhythmes Digitales -RRB- predates the electroclash movement , but gets lumped in Fischerspooner and Felix da Housecat just the same . Regardless of your opinions of electroclash , JLC was always obsessed with recapturing that special 80s sound and `` Darkdancer '' is his masterpiece . It 's the sort of album that you ca n't really repeat or it would be cliche , but on its own , it 's special . JLC revisits the 80s with a non-self-concious abandon . It 's not a `` wink wink - look how clever I am '' effort - not at all . One of the reasons 80s throwbacks can be so tedious is that they 're constantly reminding us that it 's okay for them to be cheesy because they 're being * intentionally * cheesy . JLC has no such pretensions . He 's simply happy to make fun music in his favorite style.There are a lot of great tracks here and only a few forgettable numbers . It 's happy , carefree , and fun . If you grew up in the 80s and you still secretly jam out to the classics , you 'll enjoy Darkdancer a lot .
 It was only obvious for me to do a review of Les Rhythmes Digitales Darkdancer album right after Madonna 's Confessions On A Dance Floor album.Les Rythmes Digitales 's Darkdancer album was way ahead of it 's time so people did n't know what to do with this excellent release from 1999 when it came out . Most anyone who was into electronica back when this was released they were either dancing to the euphoric beats of trance or chilling to a downbeat track in the backroom of a club.As I listen to this album today it still sounds very fresh . Every track is very nicely produced by Stuart Price aka Les Rhy . He even brings on Shannon of Let The Musi Play fame and the Would n't It Be Good musician Nik Kershaw on a couple of the tracks . The album sounds like the early 1980s dance music with the added electronic elements of today . None of these tracks sound tired at all . And when you listen Take A Little Time with Shannon on vocals it takes you back not to 1999 but to 1984 when Shannon had the big hit with Let The Music Play . Or the Nik Kershaw sung track Sometimes sounds like New Wave all over again.Darkdancer still sounds good today and it has many excellent tracks like Hypnotise , Dreamin ' , -LRB- Hey You -RRB- What 's That Sound ? , Brothers , Jacques Your Body -LRB- Make Me Sweat -RRB- , Music Makes You Lose Control and About Funk . So get it if you do n't have it already as it 's a masterpiece.SJwww.beatzblog.com
 I hated the 80 's with a passion -LRB- See the Human Leauge for Further Details -RRB- However , this album is unbelievably amazing !!! Im a DJ and Im into electronica , Ive progressed through various stages , starting off with Fatboy Slim and ending up with Aphex Twin . Darkdancer is a very welcome addition to the collection , it is an example of what 80 's music should have been . The synths are retro and the feeling generally upbeat . My favourite track has to be `` Hypnotise '' , that 80 's diso bassline sounds great out of a pair of 18inch subs !!! Forget anything else from the 80 's , buy this album !!!
 Darkdancer has quickly become my all-time favourite cd ever . I love what `` frenchies '' like Cassius and Daft Punk are doing , but the atmosphere of funk and nostalgia this album gives , is unbelievable ... unbeatable ! I bought it just three days ago , and ca n't stop listening to it . It 's one of those rare cd 's where you find yourself pressing `` repeat disc '' on your cd-player and just keep grooving along to it all day long ... every track is a classic ! Have to say that I really freak out when the track `` about funk '' comes on ... that has to be THE funkiest track ever !!! Finally a perfect album that defines funk , and what it 's all about ... in my opinion , anyway . Love it !
 LRD weaves an album that promises to fullfill the lost hopes of the early 80 's electro-pop bands like Heaven 17 , Depeche Mode around the time of `` Speak and Spell '' , early Erasure and New Order . This is a fanciful fusion of synth-techno and digital-pop that makes no excuses for some of the -LRB- in retrospect -RRB- horrors of the 80 's . Funky , soulful , and not an acoustic instrument in sight , I hope to party with this album like it 's 1983 !
 This album is awesome . I spin it at every party I DJ . It 's not as much as an 80 's throwback as the press would have you believe .
 This album takes you back to the 1980 's and rocks your world . This band are great live , and their music is well worth a listen , the odd cheesy track is on here , but it is supposed to sound like it 's from the 80 's . Good .
 As a friend of Jacques , I was lucky to be at one of the recording sessions for ` Sometimes ' and see his instrument setup . The album is full of Yamaha DX7/Roland Juno 60 sounds from start to finish . However , the best work I 've heard from Jacques was his remix for Cassius 's ` Feeling for you ' - Cassius R also worth checking out if you like LRD and electronica music in general .
 A lo largo de varios a & ntilde ; os he podido comprobar que Zoverstocks es uno de los proveedores mas serios en plazos de entrega , calidad del producto y estado del mismo
 This albums spans alot of 80s synth-dance-funk stylings with updated rhythms and sounds . If you 're into really high high-hats and handclaps with plenty of varied vocalists , go for it . Stand out tracks include `` Music Makes You Lose Control '' with its infectious multiphonic bass guitar melodies and `` Sometimes '' as the end-all handclap slow-groove dance anthem of 1999 .
 This CD is on the same label that brought us Fatboy Slim and Air . If you like those acts , you should check out this CD , although this one has more of an 80 's sound . Love the use of Shannon on a track .
 Mr. Le Cont extracts only the kitchiest elements of modern dance music -LRB- disturbingly catchy bass lines , sweet synth melodies , dopey vocals -RRB- and slaps them together with tongue deeply in cheek.You will either be horrified or astonished at not the distillation of `` the 80s sound '' but the distillation of the collective memory -LRB- real or passed down through MTV retro afternoons -RRB- of `` the 80s sound '' . About half of it is bearable , but I am unable to stop playing that half . Help me
 this guy has done some nice 80s cheese worthy of that great decade , and hes only pretending to be french !
 Made in JAP in 2000 , Serial # TECW-20902 , Playing Time 71:05 What a strange , strange selection of material ... At first glance , most DP fans will easily recognize the titles ; however , the sources are a bit unusual!Covering the band 's career from `` Shades Of Deep Purple '' -LRB- track 1 -RRB- to `` Abandon '' -LRB- tracks 2 +7 -RRB- , one might think this package is somewhat of a greatest hits
 If your ' e reading this then you already know you like these three CD 's . You 'll like it better knowing you 're getting such a great deal from Amazon . Three CD 's for the price of one . Need I say more ?
 AEROSMITH WILL FOREVER AND ALWAYS WILL BE . ONE OF THE BEST ROCK GROUPS OF ALL TIME . `` DREAM ON '' IS JUST AS GOOD A CLASSIC AS `` STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN `` AEROSMITH SONG 'S WILL BE PLAYED ON THE RADIO UNTIL THE SUN BURNS OUT!THE LATE 80 `` S AND EARLY 90 'S : THE CD 'S IN THIS SET.ARE THE ONES THAT MADE AEROSMITH THE MOST MONEY.THESE CD 'S IN THE SET MADE THEM A GROUP THAT COULD DO NO WRONG .3 HIT ALBUMS IN A ROW MADE THE TROUBLES IN THE PAST.BE PUT TO REST AND ONLY LEARN FROM THE WRONG!THESE WERE THE THE CD 'S THAT AEROSMITH MADE VIDEO 'S TO.AND MADE THEM A LEADING GROUP TO A WHOLE NEW GENERATION.THEY TOURED TO SOLD OUT CONCERTS EVERYWHERE BECAUSE THESE CD 'S WHERE HIT MAKEING MACHINES . -LSB- AND THESE CD 'S PROVED THAT GRUNGE/ALTERNATIVE COULD NOT STOP A REAL ROCK GROUP -RSB- -LCB- THESE CD 'S ARE ONLY A SAMPLE TO AEROSMITH 'S MUSIC COLLECTION -RCB- `` BUT WHAT A PERFECT SAMPLE TO THE WORLD OF MUSIC : AEROSMITH '' -LRB- ROME , NEW YORK : HOME OF WOODSTOCK 1999 -RRB-
 Intriguing and excellently written music paired with delightfully surprising lyrics and an engaging , intimate style make this album a must-buy . If you like John Mayer , Josh Kelly , you 'll adore Andy !!!!
 This song used to be played at club Europa in Atlanta , Georgia back in 1998 and 1999 and it shook the club , everyone loved it . The people that clubbed there were from all over the world . This song rocks . I bought it back in 1999 and I still play it . Worth every penny and it is extremely rare , a genuine collector 's item .
 This album is absolutely amazing . Alternating music pieces between the two artists was just brilliant ! Antonio Bribiesca 's guitar solos simply sing to the heart . His guitar playing meshes heavenly with Chavela 's profound voice . Both artists are definitely in sync with one another . They are true artisans of their chosen medium . I could listen to them until the end of time . Simplemente Divino !
 These 3 guys are the best ! They are so talented they deserve more than what they 're gettting . They 're an intro to a new era of Christian music ! Go Squirt !
 This album is definitely a must-have for all music lovers ! Squirt have a lot of talent , and this c.d helps spread a great message to people all over ! And besides having a great message , the music is just awesome ! Great lyrics , and really catchy tunes ! Squirt Rocks !
 Squirt has been an inspiration . They 're young and talented , the best thing about them is they 're on fire for God by such a young age . Go shien for Him !
 This is another outstanding disc from one of the top Cuban musical groups around . The disc begins with a lively , rich in percussion and horns song entitled '' La Caminadora '' where the chorus is as captivating as the lead vocals by Alberto Virgilio Valdes . As in many Cuban songs the subject of the song is almost secondary because anything can be turned into a song . Check out the included bilingual lyrics if you do n't believe me . An interesting feature of this disc is the diversity of vocalists that make for a disc that sounds like many different artists all bound by a cultural Cuban thread . There are heavyweight guest vocalists featured like BVSC alumni Ibrahim Ferrer and Omara Poruona who lend their exceptional talents to the project . The disc is a celebration of life and would be an exciting addition to any serious collector of Cuban music 's library . The longevity of the group speaks to their excellence although the personal featured is different from some ot their other discs . The addition of `` new '' blood keeps the sound as fresh today as in it 's inception twenty five years ago . This is a nice mixture of musical styles that features son , rumba , salsa and boleros . `` Camino como Chencha '' features two vocalists , as in several other songs , in which their is a beautiful interchange between Luis Barzaga and Omara Portuondo , who sounds surprisingly like the late great Celia Cruz . The collaboration by all of the musicians is a sheer delight and one to surely make you happy and put you in a festive mood . This is a highly recommended disc . If by some chance you have not heard of Sierra Maestra or are new to Cuban music than look no further for a disc as near to perfection within it 's genre as possble . This is authentic , exuberant Cuban music . This is vital music that is needed in any collection of World music . The booklet is outstanding with complete lyrics in Spanish and English , complete musical credit and good color photographs of the members are also included . Buy this now for a happy musical experience ; no Spanish language profiency is needed to get your feet and body moving to the wonderful tropical sounds of Cuban music .
 La m&aacute;s reciente producci&oacute;n de Sierra Maestra , ampliamente conocidos entre la musica cubana demuestran porque se han mantenido 25 a & ntilde ; os entre las preferencias de todos los fanaticos de musica cubana en el mundo . La version con los duetos con Omara Portuondo e Ibrahim Ferrer es magnifica . `` Convergencia '' y `` Llora como Yo llor&eacute; '' , con su solo de guitarra , son de las mejores del disco . Lo recomiendo totalmente .
 This release is quite different from the first two . I think this CD would be a good one to become acquainted with this largely talented band . The reason being is that the sound is throttled - down from the all - out intensity of their earlier works , which may freak some people out if they 're not used to aggresive , highly - diverse , unpredictable song formats . This is more atmospheric , mainstream progressive music with MELLOTRON aplenty . The distorted `` Thick Rick '' bass sound has been polished , but is still upfront , and the overall sound is more digestable for novice listeners . It 's still dark , complex , awesome music that you will never hear on the radio , but it 's freakin ' GREAT ! I really am excited about this band , as you may notice by my recently purchasing all of their work . They rank right up there with Porcupine Tree , King Crimson and some of my other favorites . Highly recommended !
 This album was taken from the metal section of my usual store but it is n't metal -LRB- maybe they were before this album but I never heard any other compositions from them -RRB- . I would say they are rock psychedelic and ambient.It an easy listening album , not really focus on lyrics which are kind of poor to my point of vu -LRB- words are cold and without feelings -RRB- . My favorite track `` The war is over '' , is a very pleasant accoustic guitar song . Second favorite is `` Gravity '' , I like the distortion parts and the space genre it becomes . Check out the cello on song `` What should but did not die '' . A good album
 Here is the Beach Boys ' third Capitol album , at least in America . After scoring a handful of hits from their first two albums SURFIN ' SAFARI and SURFIN ' U.S.A. , they score more from this late 1963 release . There 's the # 1 title track , CATCH A WAVE , another # 1 , LITTLE DEUCE COUPE , another # 1 , and another # 1 , IN MY ROOM . Jan & Dean recorded a song with the same music from Brian Wilson 's CAW -LRB- sorry , I do n't know the title -RRB- . IMR is based on Brian 's written thoughts -LRB- the lyrics were what he was thinking of at the time of composition -RRB- . Two other tracks that I love are HAWAII , which was a minor hit and another Brian Wilson composition , YOUR SUMMER DREAM which sounds so beautiful . Hey , what would this California band want with Hawaii when they have all they need and want in California ? Also , Alan Jardine returned to the group after a brief absence . I even love the instrumental BOOGIE WOODIE which was probably inspired by BOOGIE WOOGIE , a hit song from the swing era of the 1930 's and 40 's .
 the best by this band to date
 1989 's Take a Deep Breath was the second album from Canadian hard rockers Brighton Rock . Unlike some of the high quality melodic rock bands active in Canada at the time -LRB- April Wine , Honeymoon Suite , and Triumph for example -RRB- , Brighton Rock played fairly straightforward Hollywood-style hair metal . Gerry McPhee 's abrasive vocal style gave the band a Cinderella/Britny Fox sound.Apparently record company pressure forced the band to `` water down '' their sound on this album . I know that has been the downfall of some bands , but to my ears it seems to have worked in the band 's favor . Take a Deep Breath seems much more polished and refined than the band 's first album -LRB- 1986 ` sYoung , Wild and Free -RRB- , and has an almost AOR feel . It still rocks ; it 's just easier on the ears . In fact , the album reminds me a bit of Autograph , which is not a bad thing.Record company interference or not , Take a Deep Breath is probably Brighton Rock 's best album . It 's certainly their most accessible . Their third album -LRB- 1991 ` sLove Machine -RRB- would take the band back to square one , sounding a lot like their debut .
 With ADF 's accomplishment of producing one of the 1990s best albums with `` Rafi 's Revenge '' , their follow-up `` Community Music '' was sure to be under the microscope of critics and fans alike . In ADF 's typical underdog-determination fashion , they more than struck back . How ? By changing the game of course . Instead of producing `` Rafi 's Double Revenge '' they pushed their musical boundaries even further than before . Sounds and textures that one would never associate with ADF abound throughout this album , but instead of standing out , they blend in to provide even greater depth and insight into ADF 's global vision both musically and lyrically . `` New Way , New Life '' bigs up England 's `` local '' South Asian heroes that helped our first generation parents to survive and consequently give us the courage to strive and succeed . `` Rebel Warrior -LRB- Ami Bidrohi -RRB- '' is a re-recorded version of the classic Nazrul Islam influenced track that appeared on their debut in 1995 's `` Facts and Fictions '' . Musically it is very similar to the original , but a slightly older Deeder -LRB- he was only 15/16 when the original was recorded -RRB- spits it out with even more aggression and conviction , still ending with a sincere cry to unity between Hindus and Muslims . The late great Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan graces `` Taa Deem '' , while Assata Shakur 's spoken word on `` Committed to Life -LRB- Reluctant Warrior -RRB- '' galvanizes ADFs commitment to the cause . The album ends with the mesmerizing and appropriately titled `` Scaling New Heights '' which is an instrumental as musically diverse and moving as ADF has ever ventured into . With `` Community Music '' ADF have triumphed in taking their vision across musical , political , and social boundaries that have rarely been crossed before .
 Perhaps the U.S. music press/supplicants of the recording industry 's advertising largesse have overlooked this bunch , but the Brits have not . The UK 's `` New Musical Express '' gave it a rare 10/10 rating.If you 've read only the reviews on this page -LRB- no disrespect to any of the other reviewers intended -RRB- , you may get the sense that ADF are a provincial , acquired exotic taste . They really are n't . I am not of South Asian background . My reaction
 Well , what can I say ? A new ADF album , and they definitely have matured a great deal since Rafi 's Revenge . This time around they really bring the dub to the name `` Asian Dub Foundation . '' Most of the tracks are set at a skankable reggae/ska/dub pace , with breaks , beats , samples , and plenty of asian flavor thrown in for good measure . Missing , unfortunately , are the furiously mashed up `` amen '' jungle rhythms of Rafi 's Revenge . The fury of tracks like `` Black and White , '' `` Charge , '' and `` Culture Move '' -LRB- great Navigator collaboration -RRB- from the last album are greatly missed . Instead we get some more subtle jungle flirtations like `` Taa Deem '' and slower -LRB- but funky -RRB- breakbeat experimentations like `` Riddim I like . '' Not bad at all . Politically conscious lyrics AND excellent rhythms . What more can you ask for ? Ca n't wait to see them live here in the US .
 Though few critics seem to have noticed , this CD delivers on the potential seen in earlier ADF releases to create a potent mix of ragamuffin rhyming , tight dub/jungle beats -LRB- with sounds produced mainly by ADF 's incredible live players -RRB- , and 2nd gen. South Asian conscious lyrics . -LRB- Maybe if there were more Desi rock critics , there might have been greater awareness as to the brilliance of ADF -RRB- . `` Community music '' not so much geared towards the club dancefloor as it is in making you think and react.My favorite track on the lyrical tip is `` New way , new life . '' ADF have become storytellers for the South Asian immigrant experience , telling our story of struggle and survival in a hostile and alien environment . In a way , the song also justifies the whole mainstream Desi Bollywood entertainment industry -- for our parents at least , it was a link to community and culture without which they would have had an even tougher time .
 Something new is happening here . Organized and dedicated the ASF bring to us a new world of political activism and musical experiment . Finally a group -LRB- besides Goldie -RRB- that lives up to the promise of jungle music being the next big thing in musical development . ASF combine the best of Public Enemy and Primal Scream blended in a Asiatic sauce . Here 's a group that wants to arouse something in the human soul , which so many groups have tried to avoid by not understanding that the means are more important than the ends .
 I picked this CD up in spain and upon coming back to the united states was surprised that ADF 's CDs were nowhere to be found in american record stores . But after a listen to Community music you can understand why . This album has grooves that infect your mind and some of the most powerful anti-capitalistic lyrics around . If your a fan of reggae , dub , indian music , techo , or just meaningful music , this cd is a must buy .
 The best `` dance '' CD I 've heard since Leftism . Excelllent lyrics , kicking ragga and bhangra bass ; good , trippy guitar work , fat riddims and skankin ' dub . This record completely captures the political mood of the new century . I am extremely impressed and shall be buying other ADF soon !
 awesome ! the cd its great , amazing music that i wanted to have for a while , one of my fav music band of all times !
 The title 's all you need to know ! FREE STAPAL RAM !
 Track Listing :1 . Sinfonia n. 40 in sol minore K 550 , I. Molto Allegro -LSB- 5:50 -RSB- 2 . Sinfonia n. 40 in sol minore K 550 , II . Andante -LSB- 9:08 -RSB- 3 . Sinfonia n. 40 in sol minore K 550 , III . Menuetto -LRB- Allegretto -RRB- eTrio -LSB- 4:24 -RSB- 4 . Sinfonia n. 40 in sol minore K 550 , IV . Finale -LRB- Allegro Assai -RRB- -LSB- 4:50 -RSB- 5 . Concerto n. 20 in re minore per pianoforte e orchestra K 466 , I. Allegro , Cadenza , Tempo I -LSB- 12:59 -RSB- 6 . Concerto n. 20 in re minore per pianoforte e orchestra K 466 , II . Romanza -LSB- 9:13 -RSB- 7 . Concerto n. 20 in re minore per pianoforte e orchestra K 466 , III . Rondo -LRB- Allegro Assai , Cadenza , Tempo I -RRB- -LSB- 6:47 -RSB- Yvonne Lefebure
 Let 's draw the Sword of Solomon from it scabbard and divide this CD in half
 Great songs ! Words you really want to remember and tunes you really want to sing . No cliches here though - This CD avoids the formulas of the hook heavy rock world . I really liked the unusual instrumental parts . When 's the last time you heard electric guitar , trombone , violin and jaw harp on the same record ?
 I saw this band live in Nov. 98 . They are truly an alternative to alternative . Bassist Larry Klein was my favorite to watch . They write very catchy songs that remind me of a twisted version of Lou Reed mixed with U2 . I enjoyed them very much . Larry , what ever happened to the Things ? I used to see them play in L.A. and wish they were still around . They were great too .
 If Water Baby does n't grab you by the *** and make you shout with joy , the storyline and cut of Runaway Beautiful World will . The rest of the tracks only add to the `` beautiful mess we 're in . ''
 Well , this record really gives a great vibe and I think considering the other reviews on this page you can see this is a record to own . I love the acoustic -LRB- porch -RRB- type feel and the brilliant imagery , which is true of most K-records bands . The Lips relation is there , but the Little Wings have something of their own . Also , check out Little Wings ' pal -- Phil -- The Microphones . Good Stuff .
 a friend of mine used to play this album non-stop . it was the background music , or theme music of his house for quite a while . finally the little wings bug bit me , and i broke down and bought wonderue . after listening to this album , im convinced that the flaming lips wrote yoshimi with an influence on `` do be '' , song 9 . -LRB- i could be wrong . who knows -RRB- . it just seems like this is the hidden gem band that influences the bigger fish . such brilliant lyrics with an interesting and original musical accompaniment . you could buy this album or any of the others . their all good . just keep an open mind and feel the soul .
 I saw Little Wings -LRB- Kyle -RRB- a few weeks ago and bought this album from him . It 's one of my favorite cds and is soo awesome . Lots of pretty acoustics and soulful singing . Great album , Buy now !
 When I heard `` Faith Children '' I nearly cried . It has such a haunting complexity to it . Like it 's hinting at how simple things can be so frightening . I do n't know , but it is lovely .
 Hey , Cash Money , is good , but No_Limit is better,c-murder and snoop r the reallest Gangstas of No_Limit WOOF , WOOF.Master p got the Hook up!Sillk is cool The Movie HOT BOYZ was good!No _ limit is my favorite rap group.I like when mystikal is raping.No _ Limit is The Best Level of The World , I LOVE THE TANK , I would Like to have it too , but i ai n`t got no Money !!!!!!!!!!!!!! NO_LIMIT Make ya all say UUHHHHHH !!!!! NOLIMIT for Life !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Peace
 silkk the shocker has always been the greatest rapper of all time ! and he hit it right on the spot with this cd also ! the only reason i give this 4 instead of 5 is that this cd is not as hot as made man ...
 OK ALL I GOT TA SAY ` BOUT THIS CD IS THAT IT IS ONE OF THE BEST NO LIMIT CD 'S I HAVE EVER HEARD , AND I HAVE EVERY NO LIMIT CD EVER RELEASED ! SILKK 'S FIRST ALBUM `` THE SHOCKER '' WAS VERY WACK , WACK BEATS AND WACK RHYMES , HIS SECOND EFFORT `` CHARGE IT 2 DA GAME '' I THOUGHT WAS ALSO WACK , HIS THIRD ALBUM WHICH SOLD ENOUGH COPIES `` MADE MAN '' HAD MAYBE 2 OR 3 TIGHT SONGS , BUT THIS ALBUM IS JUST OFF THE CHAIN !! I NEVER REALLY LIKED SILKK 'S STYLE BUT HE IMPRESSED ME SO MUCH ! MY FAVE SONGS ON THIS ALBUM ARE `` FUNNY GUY '' , `` WHAT 'S HEAVEN LIKE '' , `` UH HA '' , `` HE DID THAT '' , `` BEEF '' . . THIS SONG HAS A REAL TIGHT BEAT ! MAN , ALL SONGS ARE TIGHT ! U WILL DEFFINITELY NOT BE DISAPOINTED ! THIS IS N'T THE WACK SILKK CD 'S WERE ALL USED TO HEARING , THIS WILL BLOW YOU AWAY !! THE BEATS ARE MILLIONS OF TIMES BETTER ! HIS FLOW AND HIS RAPS HAVE IMPROVED ALOT , AND THEM BEATS DAMN . . THEY JUST OFF THA HOOK , ALSO GET THE MR.MARCELO ALBUM WHICH DROPPED ON NO LIMIT RECORDS BACK IN JUNE 2000 , THAT ALBUM WAS BANGIN TOO ! ALSO , C-MURDER 'S `` TRAPPED IN CRIME '' WAS TIGHT , GET `` GHETTO POSTAGE '' , AND WELL . . GET EVERY NO LIMIT ALBUM , THEY ALL TIGHT !! BUT BUY THIS ALBUM FA SHO !! YOU 'LL BE GLAD U DID ! PEACE ...
 Yes let a tru no limit fan write a tru review this cd is hot man i love no limit and silkk is one of my favorite people i got all of his cds The Shocker Charge it 2 da Game and Made Man even though made man could have been better he came back with fire this cd My World My Way is so hot almost every damn song is hot the stand outs are NA NA NA WITH MASTER P and D.I.G doing the hook Run is hot He did That with Master P and Mac Thats Cool with that hot girl Trina Pop Lockin with Snoop and Goldie Loc Uh Hah with Slay Sean Funny Guy Haters with Samm Them Boyz with Mystikal My World My Way Go down with Master P and Erica Fox Beef with C-Murder abd Krazy D-Game remix with Master P Krazy and Terror What i 'm Looking For and Executive Thug with Slay Sean and Short Circuit and everything else is decent No Limit always will be number one in the south believe that all yeah and to you haters DO N'T YOU KNOW THAT THE TANK DO N'T STOP
 I think that sillk should be number 1 Bcaused i like all 23 tracks i recommded to cop this album ?
 Silkk drops his new album `` My World My Way . '' Its notas good as I hoped . I mean 4 stars is good but no limit usually dropsbetter stuff . This is the first no limit record I got and maby theonly . Theres 23 tracks but only 3 that are decent . The track `` HeDid That '' was hot and the track `` Thats Cool '' featuringTrina is the best on the album . And `` Seem like a thug '' isgood . I really would n't get this ...
 On My world , My Way , Silkk the Shocker -LRB- who , along with Juvenile are the best rappers in NO -RRB- finally derlivers on his promise of becoming one of the best MC in the game . I have to admit even though I have always enjoyed Silkk 's delivery , I only liked four or five songs on Made Man and Charge It To The Game , and this is because of the beats and the less-than-creative choruses . On this disc , their is a plethra of hot joints to choose from . Gone are the slow down , low rider beats of No Limit -LRB- which appear succesfully Run and the very hot Them Boyz and ruin Beef and Na , Na , Na -RRB- and in are the bouncy and infectious beats of He Did That , Haters . Silkk has also toned down on the violence in his lyrics , showing that he is amturing . Other bangers are the title track , D-Game -LRB- the best no-limit cut since It Ai n't My Fault -RRB- the ultra - funky-west-coast cut Pop Lockin ' -LRB- with the S-n-double o-p -RRB- and Uh Ha . Another track to mention is What 's heaven like , were Silkk delivers his most insightful lyrics ever . On I wish , he , Snoop and P warn the lil ' ones about ther dangers of hustling . While i am a fan of that `` other New Orleans label , '' i have to be honest . If No Limit keeps making discs like this -LRB- and P 's very solid Ghetto Postage -RRB- , then the so caleed beef will be over , cause Silkk really brought the heat for this one .
 I did n't hear any of Silkk 's other CD 's , but I have heard select tracks , but that does n't mean I do not know anything about him . I got ta admit when he started he could n't rap worth anything , he was weak and tried to act gangsta , but with this CD it is better than I could have ever imagined . With people like Mystikal , Trina , Snoop Dogg and his brothers Master P and C-Murder he is going to go far . Now this CD was a BIG improvement over ` The Shocker ' and ` Charge it to da game ' . Made Mann was better than those also , but My World , My Way surpassed all of Silkk 's other CD 's . In this one he does n't nearly rap as much about gang related things as he did in any other CD . With 23 tracks on this CD and tight beats . You WILL NOT be disappointed if you buy/burn this CD . I hope that Silkk will come out with more CD 's like this .
 I sure do hate how amazon seems to put all the negative comments of this album in the front for everyone to see , well maybe thats the order the reviews were placed , I do n't know . Anyway this album is great and worth every penny !
 silkk the shocker 's fourth album `` my world my way '' really surprised me . first of all , when i saw NO LIMIT written on it i immediately thought it would be a waste with one good song and like 25 filler . but silkk really came out swingin with his 2000 release . `` beef '' is an exceptionally hot song with c-murder showing more lyrics than normal and `` pop lockin '' with his eastsida guests that was cripped out crazy . also , check out the other surprises `` seem like a thug '' with that hot erica fox girl -LRB- or was it porsha ? -RRB- and `` na na na '' which uses silkk 's hot line from `` make em say uh '' . frankly , i 'm not even including the 2 hit singles in this review and the album is already quite hot . the sad thing is , in my opinion , no limit will never put out a hot album that does n't have silkk 's name on it . but hey , `` my world my way '' has kept me bouncin since 2000 !
 This is Silks best album ever because it has over 20 songs and they have finally made a song with someone that is n't in no limit so ifyou buy this album you are getting your money 's worth
 Who 's Cash Money ? Yea thats what you be sayin after you hear this CLASSIC cd . First of all more than half of the songs are the best . Thats Cool is off tha hook so is Nah Nah Nah , He did that , haters , D-game Remix , Uh HA , Run , Executive thug , Them Boyz , and alot more . Silk the shoker is for real and a great rapper . Pop Lokin is a nother great song feat . Snoop and the Eastsidaz . No Limit is The # 1 rap lable in the world . If you dont agree than ur a hater . Master P , Silk the Shocker , C - Murder and the whole army is the realest rappers on tha planet . Its a No Limit year ya heard . If you dont have this Album go scoop it up . This shocker has skill Ya Heard . UUUHHHHHHHH ! its No Limit 4eva . GET THIS ALBUM ITS ON FIRE YA HEARD ME > NO LIMIT FOR LIFE UUuHH !
 this is a good album , only a few songs that i dont like , thats y its a 4 ! buy it if u dont got it though !
 Yo this album is definitly an improvement over Made Man , but he calmed down on his lyrics . But in my opinion it 's his best to date ! I can listen to it without skippin ' . Best songs are Na Na Na ft. DIG , Run , He Did That ft. Mac , That 's Cool ft. Trina , Pop Lockin ft. Snoop & Eastsidaz , Haters , MYMW , Beef ft. C , Krazy and Executive Thug ft. Slay Sean & Short Curcuit . Get this !
 silkk the shocker has always been the greatest rapper of all time ! and he hit it right on the spot with this cd also ! the only reason i give this 4 instead of 5 is that this cd is not as hot as made man ...
 This album is the best silkk 's great songs and phat beatz on the tracks on this album
 uyytui gyuh k ! &egrave;yui hjuyuy ihuhui jhihui jhuiytfrty rere ddszq edss ezqf gdret trdredtr drez e d
 THIS CD IS HELLA DOPE . SILK IS THE MAN . HIM AND SNOOP ARE GREAT ON THE CD . MASTER P IS ALSO GREAT HE IS BOUT THAT . C MURDER IS THE TOP SOLDIER AND HE IS BOUT BOUT . EVERYONE SHOULD BUY THIS CD
 Silkk the Shocker retunrns with his fourth album , and I must say , he is better than ever . One of the better things about his delivery on some of his songs , is that he has slowed down . This only helps , as you can understand him better . Anyone that is a fan of Silkk knows that sometimes he mumbles when he raps . If you read the liner notes , you notice that Myke Diesel produced 14 of the tracks . This is a good thing , and I hope he produces more tracks for other No Limit artists in the future . Sure , nothing can top the sounds created by BBTP , but the Tank keeps rolling and I like how they have altered their sound somewhat , with catchy hooks -LRB- Haters , Uh Ha , Pop Lockin ' , and especially He Did That -RRB- . No Limit East makes another strong offering , as they did on C-Murder 's `` Trapped in Crime '' and Master P 's `` Ghetto Postage '' . I ca n't wait for No Limit East come out , especially with the skills of Short Circuit -LRB- previously Freedom from The No Limit Soldiers Compilation -RRB- .
 This cd contains 23 tracks of Southern Rap . Wich can be sometimes annoying but Silkk Comes through with this one .
 I did n't like Silkk 's previous albums and I thought this was going to be another wack one . But I was wrong . This album is tight . Almost all of the tracks are bangin ' . The bangin ' tracks are `` Funny Guy '' , `` He Did That '' , `` That 's Cool '' , `` Dem Boyz '' -LRB- reminds me of `` It Ai n't My Fault Part 3 -RRB- , `` Beef '' , `` D-Game -LRB- remix -RRB- '' , `` Uh Huh '' , `` My World My Way '' , and `` I Wish '' . You should buy this CD today . You finally wo n't be dissappointed by this NL album .
 Silkk should have named his cd after his ever popular song , `` He did that . '' The Cd is off the chain . The first single was just a preveiw of the great songs that awaited you on this cd.Popular cuts such as , '' He did that '' , `` That 's Cool '' , `` Seem like a thug '' , & `` Theme boys '' make this cd a hit.And keeping in the same Silkk tradition , Silkk always offer a song on his cd that touches the heart . On this cd that song is `` What 's Heaven Like '' . In This crazy mixed up world It 's good to know that rappers can relate to God , even though they always appear to be bad guys . That just goes to show the media is not always right , they have feelings just like everyone eles !!!
 u know , as i sit back while listening 2 this cd as i type this review i can not help but think about how far his rapping has improved , thats why he is my favorite rapper with no limit , even when i had the cd back in january bootleg the cd was jammin but he added and changed some songs since that time . my favorite track is # 18 with the little kids singing thats tight i recommend if u is a no limit fan get this cd .
 Silkk drops his new album `` My world My Way . '' This album is n't as good as I hoped . I mean 4 stars is still good , but No Limit usually does better stuff . This is the first No Limit album I bought and maby the only . Theres 23 tracks annd only like 4 decent songs . `` He did That '' is a awesome track and `` Thats cool '' featuring Trina is the best on the album . Also tracks 2 and 12 are good . Snoop , Mystikal , Master P , and Erica Fox are featured on the album . If your looking for some really good rap I would prefer the Millionaires or wait until Eve 's new album drops .
 this cd is the bomb . all the song are hot . the no limit camp is bad and bigger then ever . what happened to them punk nigg ** cash money click ??? tell them haters to back off and the real to step up and buy this cd . you heard ?
 this album was off the hook !!! NOLIMIT is back in the game fo sheezy . every track on the album is bumbin ' , cept fo track 18 is a little corny . Silkk has definitly matured by his fourth album , and his flow keeps getting tighta & tighta all the time . go pick up this album and support your NOLIMIT SOLDIERS . DO N'T be a little punk and download it off of the internet !
 I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT ALL SILKK FANS GO OUT AND BUY THIS ALBUM . ON THIS CD SILKK BRINGS BACK THE ROUND OFF THE TANK FLOW . HIS LYRICS ARE BETTER THAN EVER AND THE BEATS ARE TIGHT . HE HAS MATURED AND CAME A LONG WAY FROM HIS SIGNATURE MOVES AND ACTS . NO LIMIT IS BACK IN THE DRIVER SEAT AND IF THEY FOLLOWUP WITH MORE PRODUCT LIKE SILKK THEY WILL TAKE OVER AGAIN .
 Almost two years have gone by since no limit has realased somthing thats stands out as a classic . This is not a typical no limit cd by any means neccesary the cd starts out has gangsta as it gets . With the song Na Na Na and then the club anthem He did that . And littearly all the songs could be on the radio . And then the rowdiest song ever Shocker is just somthing not to sleep on . This cd is worth every cent . I have no regret what soever in buying this cd . Its a classic . Stop dont be ignorant and actually listen to this cd . Look past the tank and relaize that silkk 's got skills
 This album was recorded in 1973 with a very similar line-up to the later releases Dark Magus , Agharta , and Pangaea
 The track list on the CD is TOTALLY wrong . Of course it can be hard to tell one tune from another in Miles ' fusion era , but they are undoubtedly separate performances ! Here is the revised list :1 . `` Turnaroundphrase '' -LRB- 14:20 -RRB- 2 . `` Tune in Five '' -LRB- 10:37 -RRB-
 This disk capture a very innovative and powerful set from a great line up ! Al Foster , Mtume and Michael Henderson lay down a very solid bottom , with Miles , Pete Cosey and Dave Liebman doing their thing on top . This band blended jazz and rock in a way that has never been heard again . Recorded relatively early in the 73 tour , the material comes off as fresh compared to some of the other 73 later shows I have heard . The sound is a little troublesome in the beginning , but over the quality is great overall considering ... a definite buy !
 Though this cd can not live up to the awesome power of Pangaea or Agharta it still is a powerful cd . This is heavy music powered not only by jazz funk but by an otherworldliness that only Miles Davis could create . This is heavily influential on anyone from DJ Spooky to Tortoise . As for the album itself , Dave Liebman ca n't compare to Sonny Fortune as a saxophonist and the sound is a little iffy but hey this is 70 's Miles and that said you ca n't go wrong .
 This concert was recorded not too long after Pete Cosey joined the band and the material took a distinctly funk direction rather than the jazz-rock that proceeded the On the Corner album.The band comes out swinging with Turnaroundphrase , which sounds closer to James Brown than other versions I have heard , though the sound is marred for a few minutes the bass and drums lock in around a swirling pool of funk . The second song I believe , is Tune in 5 with great funk guitar intro and Miles spacey trumpet , moving towards Ife with it 's heart beat bass , brilliant guitar soloing , and percussion .
 This disk capture a very innovative and powerful set from a great line up ! Al Foster , Mtume and Michael Henderson lay down a very solid bottom , with Miles , Pete Cosey and Dave Liebman doing their thing on top . This band blended jazz and rock in a way that has never been heard again . Recorded relatively early in the 73 tour , the material comes off as fresh compared to some of the other 73 later shows I have heard . The sound is a little troublesome in the beginning , but over the quality is great overall considering ... a definite buy !
 This disk capture a very innovative and powerful set from a great line up ! Al Foster , Mtume and Michael Henderson lay down a very solid bottom , with Miles , Pete Cosey and Dave Liebman doing their thing on top . This band blended jazz and rock in a way that has never been heard again . Recorded relatively early in the 73 tour , the material comes off as fresh compared to some of the other 73 later shows I have heard . The sound is a little troublesome in the beginning , but over the quality is great overall considering ... a definite buy !
 It may not be an `` official '' release -- not from Sony at least ... but wow -- this CD SMOKES !!! You often have to be careful with those bootleg-y CDs -- a little hit or miss -- but this one -- wow . And whatever this one guy said about Liebman not being as great as Sonny Fortune -- hey , pal -- Liebman is KILLING on this record ! So committed and fired up , as is the whole band . Great set of music , too . Listen to how creative Al Foster is with some SERIOUS breakbeat style grooves in `` Turnaroundphrase . '' Get this one -- Miles at his baddest .
 the music here is on point.the band is in fine form but the sound is n't always on.still if you enjoyed Miles 's 70 's fusion & concert 's you gon na really dig this it 's in tradition another enjoyable set .
 Rebecca Lomnicky is 15 years old , and already on fire . She is the 2005 Scottish Junior Champion and definitely has more great things ahead of her . Her fiddling is informed by Alasdair Fraser , Natalie Macmaster , Bonnie Rideout , etc. , but she plays in a style all her own . Her violin training brings her a clear tone and impressive technical ability , yet her interpretation of the Scottish style is very truthful and accurate . Highly recommended !
 To the Wow person
 I actually got to enjoy listening to Rebecca in person last month . She is a joy to hear . For being so young she certainly has a presence about her . Even my husband - who is n't necessarily `` into '' Celtic type music truly enjoyed the concert . I purchased her CD at the concert which she graciously signed for me . It is wonderful ! ! Something that I will be listening to for a long time to come . I will also be looking forward to her next CD to see how she has grown with her music . I hope that people will give her Cd a try . She truly shines as an artist .
 It 's wonderful to hear such a hodge-podge of influences and personal style in such a young fiddler . Yes , I hear Cape Breton and Scotland in this music , but also a distinct American flavor . There is a specific Celtic/Old Time/Around-the-Campfire style created in the Pacific Northwest that could only be carried off by a native of this area who has learned and jammed with the local talent , and Rebecca evokes this quality beautifully . I also admire her ability to avoid falling into the traps of `` traditional '' music so early in her career . Even in the accompaniment , she does not compromise her taste ; she steps outside the box and creates something unique . This is a very unabashedly personal album that could only have been created by someone as young and on fire for her instrument as Rebecca . I eagerly await her next effort .
 This is actually a re-issue of FOREVER IS FORGOTTEN 'S ep brought to us by the growing with leaps and bounds Thorp Records . Props goes to Thorp Records for recognizing talent yet again even if it is through a re-issue . As some of you may or may not remember , FOREVER IS FORGOTTEN 'S `` The Architecture is Still Burning '' received high praise at the romper and even made it into the esteemed `` record of the year '' category for 2003 . So a little backtracking for a talented and innovative band is accepted with open arms . Their audacious sound is and has been unchallenged since their full-length debut . This ep provides insight into their beginning stages as a imaginative metal unit pushing the envelope of musical creativity with explosive time changes and erratically blazing vocals . In addition to the four tracks there are two live songs with their new singer . Not only do you get to hear what they sounded like during the inception of the band , you also have a chance to hear what changes have been made with the newest recruit . If you were smart enough to pick up `` The Architecture is Still Burning '' last year then there is no reason why you should n't open your wallet -LRB- or purse -RRB- for this one .
 Big Bill Lister ranks as one of the finest honky tonk singers of the 1950s . Closely associated with Hank Williams Sr , Lister has a hard honky tonk sound with a classic backing group of fiddle , steel guitar , and strong dance rhythm . Not as well remembered today as he should be , Lister shines in this collection . A must for all honky tonk collections .
 DAMIA had a long career -LRB- 1911-1956 -RRB- , with the theatrical antics always on top of her voice.She also started with ROBERTY who was at the time FREHEL 's husband.Her style is more inclined toward the dramatic , although she tried to live it up a little once in a while.Her live persona influenced PIAF and JULIETTE GR&Eacute;CO among others.This is a worthwhile collection of her material.EN MAISON and LES DEUX M&Eacute;NESTRIERS who demonstrates accurately the two sides of her are missing.LES GO&Eacute;LANDS written by LUCIEN BOYER is unmistinkly hers ; the same thing can be said about LE GRAND FRIS&Eacute; , LA CHAINE and JOHNNY PALMER.I have special affection for LE GUINGETTE A FERM&Eacute; SES VOLETS and C'EST DANS UN CABOULOT , both charming.Undoubtely , there is a DAMIA style , not as strong as FREHEL , but nevertheless there.She is often considered the prelude to PIAF .
 Kirk Whalum is truly the Michael Jordan of Jazz . His worst music is better than most artist 's best . This is a very good CD , but not really the Best of Kirk Whalum . From hearing his new CD , I have a feeling that the best of Kirk Whalum is still coming . Still , I would definitely buy this CD again .
 The other reviews are wrong ! I am a serious jazz fan . . and I think the other comments are completely rediculous . I LOVE this album ! I 've listened to Kirk for years and I relate to the tracks on this album . A DEFINITE album for the collection .
 The CD was okay , but not what I expected .
 Kirt Whalum was woundfull this isa great cd my fav song of all time The Promise was on it you cant go wrong with MR WHALUM !!
 I originally heard the music on this CD via a modern dance performance by the Twyla Tharp dance company called `` Roy 's Joy '' a few years back . It blew me away so I went in search of this CD on Vogue and it has been one of my favorites ever since . This is Roy in a small group setting at his best , swinging and wailing to some original compositions , standards and a few ballads thrown in . Recorded in 1950 in Paris Roy is joined by Zoot Sims and both Ed Shaughnessy -LRB- former Tonight Show drummer -RRB- and Kenny Clarke on drums as well as a few other top line sidemen . These sessions really swing and showcase Roy in his prime at his inventive best . Do n't miss it .
 Nice video but the quality was not as good as I was hoping . It is not really much better than what I already have . It is just a slight upgrade for me . But , I am still glad to get the video . And , it is nice to have some old footage of Red Foley and some others along with Brenda Lee which is the reason I purchased the DVD.As for the seller , it was a good transaction and the DVD was received in less than a week after purchasing . I would purchase again from this seller .
 These tracks were fantastic when they were released back in the 80s . No-nonsense full-on-metal from Scotland . I 'm so glad they 're still being released , I wanted to spread the word as I get the feeling ya 'll enjoy your rock bands . Give this a try , you wo n't regret it .
 I love this CD . The songs are great and the title song Feelin on yo booty , is a song you can play over again and just sit back relax and listen to . The main reason for buying the CD was that one particular song . Makes you think about you and another on the dance floor ready to get a bit wild and freaky.If you 've listened to it and you liked it , wait till you hear the remix . I think it 's even better .
 this song is already catchy & leaves a cool impact now you throw in the Re-Mixes something that R.Kelly does n't get enough credit for & you have a strong Winning formula on your hands.get your Groove on off this Number & the Re-Mixes .
 Well , after months of hearing about it , my most anticipated DVD of 2008 finally arrived and I have mixed feelings . From a performance standpoint , this is an AWESOME show featuring guest appearances by ex-Scorps Michael Schenker , Uli Jon Roth , and Herman Rarebell . The addition of these great musicians for a one-night reunion is a blessing for those of us who listened to the Scorpions long before Rock You Like a Hurricane took the mainstream rock world by storm in the early 80s . All musicians are at the top of their game , and enjoying themselves on this special night.Unfortunately , as is often the case with DVDS these days , this suffers from the dreaded MTV-video style editing throughout , causing even non-epileptics to go into seizures after awhile . Special guest guitarists Roth and Schenker deserve more camera time during their brief appearances , but their amazing solos were caught only momentarily in the unyeilding flashing of images.Camera shots changing every second is fine for a 4 minute video , but it gets really annoying on a concert that stretches over two hours . Someone needs to string these video editors up by the gonads and let them hang for a week on CNN Updates to get the point across . It virtually ruins my ability to just sit and watch the concert all the way through -LRB- unless I 'm really drunk or multi-tasking -RRB- . I also have some issues with the audio . On my 5.1 computer system speakers , the volume is very low and I have to max out all controls to get it to sound anywhere near a rock concert . Also , the bass end is lost in the mix and I had to really boost up both my EQ and subwoofer to get some PUNCH out of this show . When I did that , the bass guitar was just a rumbly drone.In contrast , on my television 's old-school tower speakers with a modern subwoofer , the over-all volume level is fine -LRB- probably because of the amplifier -RRB- , but again the bass guitar is distorted when I tune the subwoofer to kick me with the drums . A legendary concert of this magnitude deserves a better mix in my opinion.I do have to give the audio engineers credit on the 5.1 surround mix though , it is a fantastic use of the technology . Really cool stereo/front-rear effects , and they are featured throughout . Hearing it on my tv 's stereo system just does n't do it justice compared to the surround.With the video/audio flaws setting this DVD at 3 stars , the nearly perfect musical performance brings it up to a solid 4 STARS and is still worthy of purchase for any long-time Scorpions fan . My recommendation
 This is it ! long wait finally ending ! , this is a reunion dream show , 26 tracks ! all eras covered here ! awesome track list :1 . Coming Home2.Bad Boys Running Wild3.The Zoo4.Loving You Sunday Morning5.Make It Real6.Pictured Life7.Speedy 's Coming8.We 'll Burn The Sky9.Love 'em or Leave 'em 10 . Do n't Believe Her11.Tease Me Please Me12.Coast To Coast13.Holiday14.Love1drive15.Another Piece Of Meat16.Kottak Attack17.Blackout18.No One Like You19.Six String Sting20.Big City Nights21.Can ' t Get Enough22.Still Loving You23.In Trance24.Bolero25.Ready To Sting -LRB- Appearance of the Scorpion -RRB- 26 . Rock You Like A HurricaneRead what the band has to say about this magic night at wacken -LRB- 2006 -RRB- SCORPIONS : Wacken 2006 -- this was a very special concert for us , exciting and challenging and -- most important of all -- a family reunion.We wanted our fans to participate , so in summer 2006 we put a set of 50 songs on our homepage for the community to vote . Many of the songs chosen we had on our setlist anyway , but there were also many surprises.Together with Michael Schenker , Uli Jon Roth and Herman Rarebell this show at Wacken gave us a great platform to journey through time -- 35 years of SCORPIONS history ! `` A Night to remember '' it was indeed , a night to remember with an audience of 60.000 die hard metal fans who celebrated with us that the SCORPIONS got the sting and rock you like a Hurricane!Thanks to everybody ... Enjoy the Show!Musicians on Stage : Klaus Meine -LRB- vocals -RRB- Rudolf Schenker -LRB- guitars , backing vocals -RRB- Matthias Jabs -LRB- guitars , backing vocals -RRB- James Kottak -LRB- drums , backing vocals -RRB- Pawel Maciwoda -LRB- bass , backing vocals -RRB- Special Guests : Uli Jon Roth -LRB- guitar -RRB- on tracks 6,7,8 and 22,23 , 24Michael Schenker -LRB- guitar -RRB- on tracks 12,13,14,15 and 22,23 , 24Herman Rarebell -LRB- drums -RRB- on tracks 17,18 and 24Tyson Schenker -LRB- guitar -RRB- on track 24
 A brilliant concert , beautifully filmed at the Wacken Music Festival in 2006 , showcasing one of the world 's truly best and enduring rock bands - SCORPIONS - `` A Night to Remember / A Journey Through Time '' , with special guests
 I 've been collecting the body of work from SCORPIONS for the past 25 years and this particular DVD is my most valued item in my collection . I do n't care where it was imported from , -LRB- mine came from Germany -RRB- , I 'd rate it 7 stars , if I could . You need to be a REAL ` fan ' to appreciate how the current members of the band managed to collaborate on stage for this DVD , former & founding members of the band . They put aside any and all differences and pride ; Matthias shows grace and finesse when on stage , playing along with Uli Jon Roth . The songs were selected by members of the fan club who were given a choice of 50 to choose from . The songs that made this concert are truly a `` Journey through time . '' Some songs played have not been played in recent years -LRB- live -RRB- or at all , so it 's a treat for them to pull out all the stops and return to their roots . I feel , as usual , Klaus ' voice is not mixed very well within the sound and that he 's a little drowned out by such LOUD -LRB- but awesome riffs -RRB- . The photography angles are good but you can tell the footage was edited quite a bit by quick changes in the focus . These are production issues , not quality of the content problems . They 're performances are MASTERFUL , full of renewed energy , and they all appear very happy on this `` Night to Remember . '' I had a sense of having gone to a live performance when it was over , it gave me the chills . Even band historians , such as myself , saw new things and the thrills kept coming . Buy one for yourself AND a friend , there 's no doubt you 're not the only one who will want this level of pure enjoyment .
 The first Scorpions release I ever bought was the Album - Fly To the Rainbow , and I 've been hooked ever since Then I bought the 8-track version of Tokyo Tapes , and it completely blew me away . Ulrich Roth -LCB- as he was known then -RCB- , put on a guitar clinic as fas as live shows go . My favorites were Backstage Queen and Pictured Life . I was sad to see him leave the band after that magnificent performance.Fast forward 17 years , and I took my 12 year old daughter to see her first ` Rock ' concert ; Scorpions and Mister Big at Irvine Meadows Ampitheatre , during the Crazy World tour , which Klaus said was being recorded . To say the least , she was blown away by them as well.Now here it is 20 years later , and I purchased Live at Wacken . I am totally impressed by the show , especially seeing Uli John Roth , Michael Schenker , and Herman Rarebell being invited to play with them . It was a very good mix of old and new tunes . I was happy to see them play Speedy 's Coming , Pictured Life , and In Trance . It gave Uli a chance to shine . And a particular great feature was when they played Ravel 's Bolero , and Rudy got to do his head stand . The look on Matthias and Michael 's faces when Uli kicked out the song was worth the price of admission . Matthias , Rudolph , and Pawel really were tight on every tune . This band seems ageless ! And the energy that Rudy shows is what I believe has kept them going all these years . And it does n't hurt having a front man like Klaus ! This show was well worth the money I put down for it.I am hoping that when they finally come to the US , they do a show here in Arizona , and maybe invite the old guys along . I 'm thinking of taking my daughter and 12 year old grand-daughter when I go . Keep on rocking guys .
 This release has been available on Best Buys website for a few weeks . Awesome it is , very powerful sounding and not overly polished sounding . I was disappointed when I read in other reviews that some great songs have been omitted , but it is still a `` must have '' if you like those hard rock groups that were big in the 80 's and beyond . And if you 're like me , anything with Michael Schenker is a `` must have . ''
 I got mine from Amazon yesterday and even though Amazon listed it as NTSC , it was PAL . It had a sticker that said `` import '' and said it was from Thailand on the back . I was wondering if there is an NTSC version available . If not , I will hold on to this even though it does n't work with my television . If anyone got the NTSC version , I would like to know where I could get it .
 If you are a fan of Scorpions , or just a fan of great music , you will LOVE this DVD concert . This show includes some great classics and memorable moments that include several previous members of this amazing band . I was totally blown away from beginning to end .
 This is a very cool dvd . I had forgotten how great alot of the songs are on this dvd . The song selection is great - alot of great , classic songs . The performance is great ! You do n't get the sense that this is a bunch of old dudes trying to recapture something that is n't there anymore - very solid , respectable performance . Great vocals , great musicianship . Very good retrospective !!! Sidenote
 I bought this DVD through Amazon Canada almost one year ago because it was not yet released to the USA . Although there are no special features on this DVD the show itself was remarkable . The setlist was chosen by a vote of fans on the Scorpions website . I 've been a Scorps fan since about 1982 and have seen them live 10 times since 1987 . They are one of the best live rock bands in the world and they still play shows all around the globe throughout the year.One of the great parts of this show was the addition of some songs I 've never seen live and the collobaration with three former Scorps band members from long ago to play on stage . The audio quality is good , I can turn it up loud and enjoy the vibrating of the entire house . Although not top notch audio quality the previous live performance DVDs I 've purchased by the Scorpions have all been less than adequate in that regard.The show was shot at the Wacken Open Air Festival , a long-running four day heavy metal festival in northern Germany , about two hours from the Scorpions original hometown of Hannover . The Scorpions entertained the crowd of 60,000 people as the headliner of the opening night of the festival . Most European rock crowds that I 've seen on video lack the enthusiasm of their United States brethren but this crowd was good , of course they were heavy metal fans just looking for a reason to mosh . : -RRB- Excellent concert performance , very good video and audio quality . A Scorpions fan must have for the collection and a GREAT way to introduce young people to the musical performance these guys offer nightly around the world ! Long Live Scorpions !
 Very clear vocals , that may need to be turned down a bit when you are crankin ' it , & the bass too , but excellent sound for live.The director incharge of the visual content needs to learn that more cameras & shots , does not make it a better show , as we do n't get much coverage of the special performers in the gig.A must for all scorpion rockers .
 All I can say is this is a great look at the Scorpions live and well worth the money . It is filmed extremely well and the sound is excellent . It pretty much covers their whole career with guest appearances from Uli Jon Roth and Michael Schenker . If you 've ever seen the band live you will enjoy this DVD .
 GOOD CONCERT , LOTS OF THE HITS . WISH I KNEW WHAT HE WAS SAYING IN GERMAN THOUGH . OVERALL GOOD CONCERT . GREAT TO SEE FORMER MEMBERS . GREAT DVD FOR THE MONEY .
 Great concert , they play a lot of classics from the 70 's that I have never seen performed live before .
 Of all the Scorpions concerts that have been captured on film , this one is the absolute best . All of the guys in the band look very fit , very happy , and very capable from the very first song . The music sounds great , and the huge crowd of 60,000 German fans are in high spirit throughout the performance . As an added bonus , there are guest appearances by Uli Jon Roth , Michael Schenker , Herman Rarebell , and Tyson Schenker . The show rolls on for over two hours , as the band performs a gigantic playlist of songs that span three decades of Scorpions music . Believe me , this is a really great live show that you will want to watch again and again . I have been lucky enough to see the Scorpions play live in Rotterdam , Holland . It was a such a great show , and this new DVD brings back a lot of memories for me . The Scorpions are still Rocking , and doing it WELL !
 Scorpions
 As a die-hard Scorpions fan , I am thrilled with this DVD . How fantastic is it to see 60,000 fans rocking to one of the most long lived bands ever ? The sound is great , the video is great , and it is cool to see ex-band members joining in the `` reunion '' , playing old hits , going back over three decades . The packaging is a bit cheesy , but other than that , I highly recommend it !
 Yes , this DVD has been out a long time , and yes , I just got it as I continue to round out my concert DVD/Blu-Ray library . Not sure why it took me so long to order this -LRB- I LOVE the Scorps ! -RRB- , but it may have to do with the fact that they have several concert DVDs . I struggled with which one to get . Finally settled on Wacken AND Acoustica -LRB- complementary shows -RRB- , and I am not disappointed . Wacken is incredibly well-performed , as the guys do seem to be enjoying themselves . For volume of songs itself , this is a great collection . But , the song choices are great , too , spanning a broad range of years as they should.I am with other reviewers , however , in disliking the frenetic camera angle switching . It 's cool to have tons of angles , but focus longer than 2 seconds on each shot , please ! It almost gives me motion sickness -LRB- not really ! -RRB- . One last visual gripe is the overall darkness of the stage . Not sure if this was the show or how it was filmed or edited , but it 's just really dark except the sharp spotlights . Not a big deal at all , but seems like it 's unintended . The audio is great except the bass is really pumping compared to other concerts I have . No big deal , I just back off on the subwoofer a touch.All in all , very happy and wishing I would have bought this years ago !
 to bad they are retiring . this is a must have video of them in concert . once thier gone this is all that will be left . great concert well done . but like they said . we look one way but feel different in another way . hell we all get old so i know the feeling .
 This has become my favorite DVD in my collection - and that 's saying a lot !
 one of the best live dvd 's i have ever seen . Pink Floyds pulse being my favorite . It is long , it sounds fantastic , and it is great to see some former members with them for this show .
 Overall great concert . Klaus ' vocals seem a little week here and there , but for how long these guys have been around , they still do great live . One of the few beefs I have with this is what 's with the guy near the end randomly standing on his head , and just leisurely doing some yoga . It really does n't add to the concert , I 'm just wondering `` Why is he doing that ? '' . But that aside , it was great !
 I bought this along with their Gold 2CD set and found Live at Wacken Open Air a little off with the sound . It could have been the placement of the microphones when it was recorded . But if you love the Scorpions you 'll still enjoy this DVD .
 The whole concert is awesome . The guests , Uli Jon Roth , Michael Schenker and Herman Rarebell are a treat specially when Roth joins Mathias and Rudy in their classics.Michael is a little tame , but it is always great to see him join his brother . I highly recommend this DVD to hardcore Scorpions fans , specially if you 've been listening to these guys since the late 70 's . Rudy and Mathias look good and sound great , and of course the man behind the microphone ... Klaus Meine still has a great voice .
 I bought this DVD because it features a few songs with Uli Roth performing again with the Scorpions . I was n't let down , though Uli could have been up in the mix a little more and it would have been nice to see him perform on more of the songs . His playing is as awesome as ever . It was also nice to see Herman Rarebell return to play drums on three songs . My biggest disappointment was the songs that added Michael Schenker back into the mix . He kinda butchered ` Coast To Coast '' and his playing on the other songs that featured him was pretty lack luster . This bummed me out because I 'm also a huge Michael Schenker fan . Klaus Meine , Rudolph Schenker and Matthias Jabs all deliver solid performances , as they usually do . All in all it is a must have for all diehard Uli-era Scorpions fans .
 First of all , I ca n't stop listening to this DVD!I love live shows DVDs and I have quite a few of them in my DVD library.Scorpions Live at Wacken is probably one one the best live DVDs I came across in awhile.The song selection is great ,26 of them with special appearance of Herman Rarebell , Uli Jon Roth and Michael Schenker.First thing you notice about this DVD is great sound ; heavy and hard , just as it should be.The next thing is that the band is really tight and every song is performed well.It seems that Scorpions really benefit here from having younger guns James Kottak and Pawel Maciwoda , delivering rhytm section while original masters Rudolph Schenker , Mathhias Jabs and Klaus Meine deliver their magic.The performance of opening 3 tracks Coming Home , Bad boys Running wild and The Zoo are best live recording of these 3 tracks ever and are worth buying this DVD for.The rest of DVD spreads nicely in their earlier and later work with speacial appearance of the above mentioned musicians.Every member of Scorpions shines on this DVD and thats a nice break from other live DVDs in my library.I listen to many different styles of music , and have attended many different music genre concerts but Scorpions concert which I attended two years ago was probably one of the best hard rock concerts I have seen!Do yourself a favour and go see them next time they come to your town , you will be happy you did !
 I thought the DVD was great from a song list and line-up standpoint . The Uli Roth era songs -LRB- with Uli -RRB- were great as well as seeing the brothers Schenker playing together.I agree with other reviewers - the way the DVD was shot was very 80 's MTV -LRB- I guess its no coincidence since the Scorps were the biggest in the 80s -RRB- . Too much jumping around from band member to band member without focusing on the guest axe men.I give the DVD a 4 out of 5 rating .
 Monumental concert -LRB- line-up , songs , show , crowd , band energy and performance -RRB- and a real classic pure rock show . Very good editing this time . With `` Live At Wacken . . '' and `` Amazonia ... '' , we have two excellent Scorpions products , very professional and two reference points about what quality music means . Rock on together with the best rock band ever - SCORPIONS !
 One of the longest running acts in heavy metal , the Scorpions , celebrate both their long history , and some of their most beloved past members , in this 2006 performance at the famed Wacken outdoor arena in Hamburg , Germany . Billed as ` A Night to Remember , A Journey Through Time ' , the 138 minute performance features guest appearances by past members Uli Jon Roth , Michael Schenker and Herman Rarebell . The set list was partially based on input from the fans , and features many of the classics , with a few surprise selections.The departure of Ulrich Roth in 1978 , was a turning point in the band 's history , and under the creative direction of singer Klaus Meine , and guitarist Rudolf Schenker , and with the contributions of Mathias Jabs on lead guitar , Scorpions found commercial success in the 80 's . Given the past , the presence of Roth is one of the highlights of the evening . The Scorpions open the show alone , and then bring Roth onstage for ` Pictured Life ' . ` Speedy 's Coming ' takes you back to Roth 's earliest times , and he really cuts loose on ` We 'll Burn the Sky ' . The sound of Roth 's Sky guitar is at times rather thin , and is n't always well heard . The sound mix is good but not great . At times , the highs do n't seem to cut through like they should , and Klaus 's vocals are sometimes drowned out.Roth departs , and after a few more songs , Michael Schenker is brought on , doing a very slowed down version of Coast to Coast , where Klaus also joins in on guitar . Big brother Rudolf shows off his skills on an acoustic flying V , on a very resonant version of Holiday , where the guitars really are heard . The editing style that is characterized by cuts every few seconds , gets annoying after a while . Although the presentation includes a wide variety of views , the video is often not that sharp . Again good , but not great . Lovedrive , and Another Piece of Meat finishes Michael 's featured portion of the show , during which , due to the editing , he really is n't seen very much . When the guitar player is n't given appropriate screen time when soloing , there 's an issue.It 's very cool to see Herman Rarebell join the band to play drums on Blackout and No One Like You . For Blackout , Rudolph dons a mask with forks in the eyes , like the Blackout album cover , and plays a guitar that emits smoke through exhaust pipes . Give the man some credit for showmanship , as the rest of the band is does n't do too much to spice things up.Matthias Jabs , solid throughout the performance , with his signature screams , squeaks , and squeals , then takes the stage for a short guitar solo , before taking the band into ` Big City Nights ' . Rudolph 's classic guitar solo is lost in the editing . ` Still Loving You ' is almost magical when performed live , with more emotion from Rudolph 's guitar in the outro.Uli , Michael , and Herman all return for two more numbers . ` In Trance ' , is an another journey way , way back , and features some impressive work by Roth and Jabs . Probably the most curious number is ` Bolero ' , which not only features lots of Uli 's guitar , but also Rudolf performing a headstand onstage . The performance winds up with the appearance on a mechanical scorpion on stage , followed by a rousing version of ` Rock You Like a Hurricane ' . The special guests , and songs from the 70 's and 80 's , are excellent reasons to check out this performance . The choppy editing detracts from the enjoyment , and the sound mix could have been better at times , but the performance is still well worth seeing , as the Scorpions are very much in synch , playing for over two hours . Klaus Meine 's voice is still one of the finest , and the evening is a marvelous journey through the band 's long history .
 This is would have to be without doubt one of the best live concerts on DVD . Buy it , put it on and turn it up full blast . You wo n't be disappointed , I assure you .
 THIS IS ONE GREAT `` WHOLESOME '' , `` HARD ROCK '' , `` HEAVY METAL '' CONCERT DVD !!! THESE GUYS ARE FROM GERMANY -LRB- THIS DVD WAS FILMED IN HAMBURG , GERMANY -RRB- , AND THESE GUYS HAVE BEEN ROCKING SINCE THE EARLY 1970 'S . THIS BAND AND THIS CONCERT IS `` HARD ROCK '' , AND `` METAL - GUITAR '' ROCK AT ITS VERY BEST !!! THE SCORPIONS ARE Klaus Meine on vocals and guitar , Rudolf Schenker on guitar and backing vocals , matthias jabs on guitar , James Kottak on drums and Pawel Maciwoda on bass . Then you get guest musicians of Uli Jon Roth , and Michael Schenker and Herman Rarebell.The concert consists of 26 songs , all performed extremely well . Note - this is high-powered rock and roll !!! High Energy rock from some old pro 's . Germany loves Southern Rock , both Molly Hatchet and Lynyrd Skynrd have recorded concert dvd 's in Hamburg . And this `` Southern Rocker '' likes the Scorpions . I 've been a fan for years , they are a good solid hard rock and roll band who put 100 percent Plus energy and effort into their performances . They are not vulgar , or evil or any of that kinda stuff , they are just a good `` wholesome '' hard rock band.THIS IS A REAL HARD ROCK CONCERT , VERY WELL PERFORMED , AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 A great band always give you excellent music . A good review of their best hits , including their previous players . I just hate the camera moving . You ca n't see nothing . Every take last half second . When they are doing solos the camera is taking everything but the player . In spite of this , good video .
 This was an incredible show . Ulrich Roth , Michael and Rudolf Schenker as well as Mattias Jabs kicked butt . No doubt about it . Klaus was great too . My PAL formatted DVD played well . It skipped very quickly about 4 times but it did n't interfere with the entertainment value . Whoever cut this show up though , did a very poor job . Too many 3 second close ups and then going from scene to scene . Too many crowdshots also . All these great guitarists and their solos were so poorly put together by the producers . Bad job . I still have to give it a 5 star because of the songs and energy . It 's worth the -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This was an awesome concert bringing together old band members and family members and they play a variety of old and new songs . It ROCKS !!
 I just watched this DVD for the first time , and what a show ! The Scorpions prove again that they are the BEST LIVE BAND EVER ! I have been saying that for 30 years now and this DVD proves it again . The band is awesome . And with guests Uli Jon Roth , Micheal Schenker , and Herman Rarebell this is truly a must have for any Scorpions fan.It was shot during the tour for the Unbreakable album , and the track list covers all era 's of the band 's extensive record catalog.From Speedy 's Coming and Pictured Life to Love 'Em or Leave 'Em . This show ROCKS ! Crank up the surround sound and enjoy !
 I am completely speechless after watching this fantasitc dvd . I was blown away by this performance -LRB- especially Uli Roth 's performance , which I thought stole the show , I wo n't ever bag on his singing ever again . -RRB- And it is always great to see Michael Schenker play with them as well . It is a shame that four tracks were omitted from the show -LRB- one being `` In Search of the Peace of Mind , from my favorite Scorps album `` Lonesome Crow '' -RRB- , but this dvd is definitly a keeper . This show will blow you off your feet.And it 's great to see them cover songs from RCA days .
 This is by far the best Scorpions DVD ever !! Amazing Sound/Video quality.Michael Schenker , Uli John Roth and Math&iacute;as Jabs . . Ca n't get better than this .
 I 've been collecting concert DVD 's for some time now and I 'd have to say that this is one of the best concerts I 've seen and it is now one of my favorites ! I 've been watching it over and over again . Being a child of the 80 's , I always enjoyed the Scorpians especially back in the day . I remember rocking out all summer to Love at First Sting . These guys still rock , better than ever ! It 's great that they played all of the oldies . The video and sound quality is excellent . Klaus 's voice is still very good . James Kottak and Pawel are great , not to mention Rudolf and Matthias . I love watching Rudolf , here 's a great rythum player and is very funny onstage . It 's really cool to see Uli Roth , Michael Schenker , and Herman Rarebell too . These guys are great !
 I 'm a huge fan of the Scorpions , I 've got just about everything they have put out , From LP 's , CD 's , VHS.S and more.And when I got this DVD Live at Wacken . It blew me away . Great stage performance like always I rate it the highest one DVD you have to get
 I have n't gotten my concert video of this great Scorpions concert yet ... I WAS AT THE SHOW !! Wacken , Germany 2006 !! The Open-Air Concert weekend was awesome . The Scorpions ` family ' event was the Thursday night of a three-night event . Dead center , 30 body-widths from the barricade or so ... I enjoyed the entire show . The weather held and the Scorp 's took the stage . I 've not yet seen the DVD of this concert though , so I 'm counting on sound tech 's and camera work to make it come to life.I 'd seen The Scorpions in the USA in the early years ... on the `` Bad Boys Running Wild '' - Tour with Iron Maiden as the opening act . In Germany playing to their homeland the show is incredible . Of note however , the band is getting older , Klaus has a few pitchy moments ... the stage presence no longer harkens to crazy-rockers ... although Rudolf and the boys do perform their trademark flying-guitars , pyramid , etc. . . The Wacken Open-Air Event is a hard metal , annual 3-day event . With a crowd of younger metal fans in attendance , ie . fans who did n't grow up with The Scorpions , in comparison with the rest of the Wacken Event , The Scorpions were considered a pop band . So , the crowd was responsive , in admiration of the ` old rockers onstage ' but reserved for the harder acts to follow.If the technical aspects of the show do n't disappoint you 'll enjoy a classic performance !! I know I clapped , sweated , cheered , and sang along to all the songs I grew up with .
 Truly is the Scorpions at their most power DVD concert performance . . twice better than Live in Vienna and 3 times better than the Crazy World tour DVD . . 26 songs covered here from their classic era until the unbreakable album and the best thing is also perform together with former members Uli Jon Roth , Herman Rarebell and Michael Schenker ! Wonder why former bassist Francis Bulcholz is not there ... anyhow Live At Wacken 2006 DVD is a must for Scorpions fans and Classic Metal fans alike ...
 this is an amazing video of the Scorpions filmed live at Wacken Open Air Festival . with guest appearences from Uli Jon Roth , Herman Rarebell & Michael Schenker . from start to finish this dvd delivers . looks and sounds great on a home theater system.the only ones who wo n't like this dvd is your neighbors cause you can not listen to the Scorpions and not crank it to 11 .
 I waited a while before buying this DVD . I always liked the Scorpions , and this is a real cool show with Uli Roth and Michael Schenkner joing the band . Definetly worth buying .
 I just finished watching the new Scorpions live @ Wacken 2006 DVD and was totally-totally blown away !!! Great production , sound quality and camera work . The band and song selection was top notch and Klaus Meine 's Vox are clear as a bell and stronger than ever ! I 've seen them live 5 times over the last 25 + years and they 've never EVER sounded or been better than this !!! The only disappointment I have is that I really wish they had turned up the levels a little more on Uli Roth 's songs and solos . *** Spend the dime because this is an absolute MUST for your DVD concert collection ! Trust me , you 'll thank me for it !!!
 Klaus and the boys welcome back Uli , Herman and Rudy 's brother Michael ! It 's a dream concert ! I just wish they did `` Steamrock Fever '' !
 This was a great set and feast for Scorpions fans , featuring all their guitarists joining them throughout the night , but after seeing the track list compared to the original webcast , a big star deduction because four songs have been removed
 This is a great dvd , All the hits plus many forgotten rockers from the past .
 This is by far one of my favorite dvd concert from my collection.The scorpions deliver an amazing show . They really know how to work with the audience , something you do n't see much of anymore . If your a scorpions fan you will love this dvd . Get this dvd concert!The video quality is very good . Uli Jon Roth and Michael Schenker on stage were great !
 The Scorpions are one of those groups that Rock harder live than in the studio !!! If you have n't seen them live , this will give you a taste of what you are missing !
 What a great set list/concert . I do agree with everyone about the multiple camera angles . It makes no sense.If you want to see a great Heavy Metal Concert ... I would highly recommend the new CD release of Judas Priest 's Screaming Vengeance . It includes their 1983 show at US Festival on DVD . Awesome !
 great dvd by the scorpions with special guests uli jon roth , michael schenker , and herman rarebell . the setlist is superb and the performances are an allout sonic assault , highly recommended for all fans of classic hardrock !
 Love , Love , Love it !!! A ton of hit songs performed on this dvd . Uli John Roth , Michael Schenker , Herman Rarebull all join the current members of Scorpions at this performance in Wacken Germany . Great images and sound
 Well , I must say that this is one of the best live DVDS that I 've seen in a while !! Great to hear the hit songs , but also good to hear some that are n't played that often . I enjoyed seeing Michael Schenker and Uli Jon Roth jam with them !!
 If you like the Scorpians , you have to get this for your collection . I bought this for my husband and he has listened/watched it every day since .
 If your a Scorpion fan , this is the one to add to your collection . Awesome concert !
 Amazing performance captured live , what else could we expect by the Scorps ? a friends reunion , nice watching former band 's members of the 70 's and 80 's line up , the playlist is more than 80 percent of the World Wide Live CD , a good oportunity to listen and whatch old hits from the peak era of scorpions in the 80 's , the sound is great as well as the cameras work , over 60.000 fans screaming at waken , no doubts at all five stars for this DVD .
 There is a reason why the scorpions remain at the apex of rock music . From their inception in the 60 's to present day they have continued to evolve and grow and consistantly put on concerts that are pure energy and fun.Yes they are older now and their original drummer and bassist are no longer with them but it has n't stopped them from remaining the consumate professionals that they are . It has n't stopped them from bringing forth great music and live shows that everyone can enjoy . Younger musicians coming up in the ranks should sit up and pay attention as these german rockers long ago mastered the secret of longevity in a dog eat dog profession.I 've had the great pleasure of seeing the scorpions play live on several occasions and 13 years ago I also had the great fortune to spend an entire day with these kind gentleman . They love to share their music and they love and respect their fans.If your looking for good music and non-stop energy then this is the dvd for you .
 After waiting for years to get Triumvirat on CD , I finally get my chance . Purchased Pompeii , Old Loves Die Hard , and Illusions on a Double Dimple.All sound great.All have ... copy protection ! Which means I ca n't put in my 12 hour work days and enjoy them from my computer . Thanks a lot .
 The song title listing posted for this cd are for another album , Old Loves Die Hard . Check elsewhere for the real song listing for this cd . It is a very good cd , as all Triumvirat music is , and highly recommended .
 I have to differ with those who prefer the older albums over this one . The older albums are great , but when it come to pure GROOVE this album jams above the rest ! Let 's be frank
 What the other reviewers fail to mention is the contribution of guest drumer Curt Cress . If you are a fan of fantastic drumming , you will be amazed at Mr. Cress 's contribution on this album .
 Well I ca n't deserve the maximum rate , as for the presence of a typical british progrock-like musical breakthrough , including the choice of the sounds , too much similar to `` Brain salad surgery '' by ELP and some `` Emerson-like '' pompous style as well . Naturally They are german , but it does n't seem ... anyway track no 3 , track no 4 and the major part of the following compositions as well , are well worth checking out -LRB- listen to their splendid piano intro and the following insert of their rhytmical sections as well of track no 3 , where the time signatures and also a lot of magical interplay create a splendid symphonic `` wall '' . The recording was quite good and make this album recommended to all the fans of the best classic symphonic prog , based upon a keyboard oriented trio !!
 The name `` New Triumvirat '' was the result of legal action taken by former members Dick Frangenberg and Hans Bathelt , who left the band after `` Old Loves Die Hard '' . Fritz and Barry Palmer recruited drummer Curt Cress -LRB- an amazing musician who played at the German jazz-rock outfit Passport -RRB- and bassist Dieter Petereit and recorded another concept album dealing with the Roman empire . `` Pompeei '' is not as good as `` Spartacus '' , but still deserves careful listening today . Good music , good lyrics and -LRB- pardon me , Grand Funk !! -RRB- , good singin ' , good playin ' .
 Triumvirat , a German Prog Rock band from the 1970s , was every bit the rival of Yes , Emerson Lake and Palmer , Genesis , and King Crimson . It did not get the press or the following of the other bands , however . Listen to &#34; Pompeii , &#34; the mid-70 &#34; offering from the re-formed &#34; New Triumvirat . &#34; It features some of the best Hammond C3 , Yamaha CS80 -LRB- brand new instrument , at that point -RRB- , Fender Bass , and drums that _ any _ prog band committed to tape in that era .
 Pompeii is an excellent CD . The music is in the vein of `` Old Loves Die Hard . '' This CD , however , is a bit lighter overall and even more prominently features B. Palmer 's somewhat flowerly yet pleasant vocals.In my view , the 2002 re-master of this CD is just plain poor . The bass is too heavy and dull , and the sound lacks brightness . Increasing the treble , manually , will help the music to shine . Also , the bonus track is merely an edited version of the last tune on the CD , so its inclusion is hardly of value .
 I 've had toa chance to see -LRB- and hear -RRB- Jorge Luis Prats in a live concert in Mexico City . The repertory in this DVD is mostly varied and interesting for piano music lovers . In addition , the bonus live conversation -LRB- about one hour long -RRB- is a real `` class '' on several piano subjects that sometimes without real appreciation by the concert goers . It is a must to have this product in your collection .
 This recital given by the Cuban pianist , Jorge Prats , in Miami in 2007 is wide-ranging in its repertoire , breath-taking in its virtuosity , beguiling in its charm , infectious in its joy , generous in its spirit and altogether without parallel in my experience.All of this can be summed up during the bonus interview as Jorge Prats describes his ` trick ' when doing the glissandi in one of his encores ... . You need a bit of damp or wetness on your hands he remarked as he demonstrated a single note glissando up and down the keyboard ... then another in 3rds ... . then in 6ths ... followed by 5ths , then octaves and then 3 notes at once -LRB- 1,3 and 5 -RRB- ! Of course , he goes on , some pianos are a bit more difficult so then you just use palms and he smilingly whizzed up and down the keyboard with palms sounding just as good!However , he remarks , the piano is just a ` tool ' with which he is able to express emotions or style . The 60 minute documentary is filled with countless examples of style , emotions expressed and his total joy in music making based on the international experiences he has gained over a lifetime . All of this is related to his approach to his programming as he sits at the piano giving a constant flow of practical examples with hardly a glance at the keyboard . An absolutely riveting interview.The concert is even better with piece after piece given the sort of performance you would be lucky to hear in a lifetime - and here they are all at once ! The Bach-Liszt opening Prelude & Fugue has a tremendous range of sonority and sensitivity . This prepares us very well for the exotic world of the Scriabin Preludes Op. 11 . The Cuban music of Cervantes follows where Prats is clearly on home ground . Ravel 's Gaspard continues this range of textures and imagination concluding with one of the most exciting renditions I have ever heard of Scarbo . La Valse is orchestral in its textural scope and concludes the official program . About 20 minutes of wonderful encores follow with much emphasis on Cuban derived music but ending with Wagner-Liszt 's Liebestod.The extensive illustrated interview is one of the best I have ever seen with Jorg Prats effortlessly compelling total attention with his charm , knowledge , skill and sheer musicianship.The visual recording is rather basic with lighting that can be doubtful . It is presented in letterbox format . The sound is fortunately in very good stereo and gives finely wide-ranging reproduction of the piano timbres from the smallest pianissimo to the greatest fortissimo.On a desert island and short of a piano , this could well be one of the most rewarding discs of piano music that you could take . My personal opinion is that while this is well worth 5 stars as a musical grade , because of the recording compromises , 4 stars is probably a safer all-round guide for most purchasers .
 Ganesh lounge is an excellent example of the blend of electronic music and indian , arabic , and oriental sounds.DJ Raja takes this a step further than your Buddah Bar or any other compilation of this sort.Best tracks are the politically `` Kashmir '' with a sample of the prime minister of India , `` Ganesh '' by West Indian Cartel and Krishna Beats.Highly recommended for those who want something in the style of Buddah Bar , but a little harder .
 This is great stuff . In my book , you just got ta root for someone with a name as goofy as this guy , on principle alone . One of Canada 's hopeful hillbilly stars , Prophet rode onto moderate fame in the wake of Hank Snow 's 1951 US breakthrough , even going down South to record a bunch of sides with a crew of hot-shot Nashville pickers in the Decca studios . He shared Snow 's soft-edged Canuck grumble , but it 's combined with a mousy warble that was a fairly comedic reflection of Mac Wiseman 's more accomplished tenor . -LRB- What is it about Canadians and their voices ? Did Neil Young hear Prophet 's records when he was a lad ?? -RRB- Anyway , despite his vocal shortcomings , Prophet had a lot on the ball , mostly the strength of his sentimental , old-fashioned material . If you like Hank Snow , this fellow is well worth checking out as well ... Also included on here are a handful of rock-era teenpop-ish tunes recorded under the pseudonym `` Johnny Six '' ... Cool record .
 I am a huge country music fan at 16 years old and Orval Prophet is truly one of my favorites ! I am a totally blind boy and I have always been a huge fan of Orval . I live in Canada and that is how I became a huge fan of his ! I am delighted that I found a CD of his , but what I want to know is what songs are on this CD ? If anyone of you know , please inform me so that I can buy it .
 I 'm a huge Brian Mcknight fan and never loved any of his albums the way I love this one . He has so many cuts on here that are hot verses his other albums which may only have 3 songs but this ENTIRE album is it . He always blesses God to so that 's a bonus .
 I actually owned this CD a couple of years sgo & not a day went by that I didnt play it . I moved and could never find it . . i heard a song from the CD several days ago and it reminded me how much I loved it and I just had to buy it AGAIN !!!
 Much in the same league as Miles Davis , Prince , Paul McCartney , Ramsey Lewis and other unpredictible musical talents who scare the same astrological sign Brian McKnight is also a soul artist . That means that by the very essense of the music he has two sides to his creative personality . In his case , one side wants to say ... appease a female companion or purely be himself . Usually the former element wins out , both musically and lyrically . So the title of albums is very appropriate as duality IS the theme of this album . Both of duality of himself as a musician and that of his general personality as well . In the end they both often work hand and hand . Brian McKngight has always had just a little too soft a touch on the romantic end of things , taking only that element generally from his influences and not their sense of irony and multi faceted outlook on the topic . Not only that he chose one of the most appropriate influences to draw on with this final release for him on the Motown label.One of the major clishes of the last couple of decades in the R&B ; world is what I refer to as `` the next Marvin Gaye '' syndrome . Often enough this departed talent is used as a measuring stick by which almost all emotionally naked modern neo/retro soul influenced music is measured . In this case , as if it was n't present in a huge way already McKnight takes the Gaye influence to the next level . More in the groove with a heavier bottom than the previous albumU Turn . In fact on the defiant hearted `` Grown Man Business '' and `` She '' they grooves and melodies are downright hard-the bass line brooding and pumping in particular on the latter for two of the funkiest numbers McKnight ever laid down . Even more midtempo shuffles such as `` What We Do Here '' and `` Stay '' feature a similar type of flavor . Some songs such as `` Everytime You Go Away '' and `` Here With You '' explore McKnights already well explored weaker emotional side , again ready to cave into denying his true emotions to fawn over and weakly beg to his lover.Now it 's on the final four songs that the Marvin Gaye influence comes on the strongest . Strong funky soul grooves `` Come Back '' and `` Watcha ' Gon na Do '' as well as the breezy , spare jazz style of `` Your Song '' all come purely out of theWhat 's Going Onschool of cinematic Motown soul/funk . The last tune `` Me & You '' takes on the flavor , both musically and lyrically of the `` other '' famous Motown male solo star -LRB- we all know who that is -RRB- in looking at the analogy of Jesus 's crusifiction along with McKnight 's own racial identity struggle as a possible reason why he along with so many others in the black community in America turn to the Christian faith as a means of inner salvation . So many of these tracks have great grooves , great meaning and the concept hangs well together as an album . Being that the few weaker and stereotypical McKnight tunes fit so perfectl into this concept this is one Brian McKnight album that is actually very consistant . And because it showcases his abilities at their best it also qualifies as one of his strongest full lengh album releases .
 B McKnight is still the man . I 've been listening to his stuff for years and I keep waiting for him to have the `` one '' album that 's just ghetto . I 'm still waiting . His vocals are literally flawless . My favorite track is `` What We Do Here '' and `` Stay . '' Definitely worth the cost and then some ... if you 're looking for some smooth groove for your groove .
 I 've always been a Brian McKnight fan for a long as I can remember . All the way from his self titled album to Ten . This particular LP shows McKnight going back to his smooth ballads which he has become famous for . Songs like `` What We Do Here '' , `` Grown Man Business '' and `` Everytime You Go Away '' stand out while `` Here With You '' , `` Stay '' and `` Your Song '' are fresh album songs . I would definitely encourage R&B soul lovers who do n't have this album to go out and purchase it . It 'll be worth your while
 Brian , he is UNTOUCHABLE . He is UNIQUE . Despite his divorce , he has still managed to re-direct and produce yet another masterpiece of lyrics .
 THIS IS THE BEST CD 'S OF THE YEAR ALREADY !!! And it 's Brian 's best CD since his 1st one !!
 Mcknight always delivers a good project , generally with very little or no filler and this time around is no different . He 's a seasoned vet that knows what his audience wants and loves and he consistently gives it to them ! Though there are a few songs here and there that are merely okay , it still does n't hurt the overall production and quality of the entire CD ! As always , you can cruise the highway , cook a meal , or clean your house with this CD and never miss a beat or be distracted . Yes , he 's that smooth . . you 're listening to a master and you know it !
 I 've always liked brian mcknights music , ever since I heard anytime i was hooked . The man writes and composes his own music , i respect that . Not the typical brian mcknight which is probably why some knight fans have turned away . This is probably knight 's most personal album , heance the title `` gemini . '' Every song I feel like I 'm sitten in a club just zonin out and feelin this R&B vibe . Kind of the feeling you get with Marvin Gaye or Luther Vandross , beautiful music . Usher and these wanna-be R&B legends better stand aside , Mr. Mcknight has entered the building .
 Brian gets a 4 for DIVERSITY although the CD actually gets a 3 . This is , however , one of the first times I have heard the versatility of his voice . The first 2 songs are really traditional Brian , and once you get to # 3 `` Everytime You Go '' you realize he 's giving you something a little different than before ... Grown Man Business ... we 'll skip this one ... but # 5 `` Everthing I Do '' is so GOOD , the `` purple dude '' is probably in awe , then # 6 `` Here With You '' is a cross between El Debarge and the lead singer from AWB -LRB- if you know old school -RRB- ; amazingly `` Your Song '' sounds like Stevie or George Benson -LRB- the guitars make you lean more towards Benson -RRB- and `` Come Back '' reminds you of Marvin ... What 's interesting about this approach is none of the aforementioned artists can sound like one of the others or like Brian McKnight . This guy 's voice is SO OUTSTANDING ... what a wonderful instrument!That said , he continues to try to cater to the `` masses '' which does n't match his talents as they are far more superior than what is considered `` secular '' , so I did not like the `` rap '' influenced jams at all . Once he realizes that he is an R&B ; singer -LRB- and potentially jazz -RRB- and puts together a compilation with a `` real '' band and a different producer -LRB- sorry Brian -RRB- ... the sky is the limit for him !!! I sure wish he would hurry up !
 The first time I listened to the album I was not exactly thrilled . It was different from his last album ... And then I remembered that I had the same reation when the previous album first released . It takes you a while to realize that Brian McKnight is still growing , still learning , still taking risks and this is why each album is different . What remains the same is the talent that he posesses and his quest to find new ways to make good music . .
 I liked this album . Saying that I was still dissapointed . First , as usual , I was disapointed with how long it took for this album to drop . I heard `` What we do Here '' the first time on the Wayne Brady Show , that was taken off the Air in May of 2004 . Moving on ... I loved the feel of this album , Brian produced most of the tracks and it gives the album a great flow . The whole time I felt like I was in a small R&B ; nightclub.Brian 's Singing only seems to get better . When a man can do everypart of a 4-part harmony like he did on `` Stay with Him '' , he is just talented . His sound is infectious and different then anyone else out there , a big reason he is one of my favorite artists.What happens to this album I did n't see coming . His lyrics feel like they do n't have the soul they once and always did . You ca n't feel there is any meaning behind his words , maybe because he 's not married , but somethings missing . He dose n't have any sad ballads on the album either . I miss the feelings he had on all his albums . From `` Never felt like this '' to `` One Last Cry '' , `` 6,8,12 '' , `` Still '' , `` Anytime '' and `` Kiss you love Goodbye '' , the feeling of his words to all this and more was what drew to the songs , everything else fell into place.He needs to find what worked for him before , and put it back in his life.Saying all this , I 'm still going to listen to this album over and over again , see if I can find the soul I think is missing , but `` Everytime you go Away '' is one the best songs of his career , especially his best producing .
 I love Brian Mcknight . He almost never dissapoints and this CD is no exception . His voice is an aphrodisiac and his lyrics only enhance the effect . This Cd is sensual , sexual and much more smooth than his last -LRB- U-turn -RRB- . Take a listen and support him . True talent and a modern day Marvin Gaye , or Barry White -LRB- Read
 I simply love the new Brian McKnight CD . I love all the songs on this musical journey . His experimentation with Talib Kweli was just amazing Talib really brought his talent to the song . My favorite song on the CD is track # 3 Everytime You Go Away ... simply fell in love with the song . I think my CD may have a skip in that area once I 'm done . This is truly a `` must have '' in the McKnight collection . Im always satisfied with his music ... this is a must buy !!! Brian , keep doing what you 're doing , your truly a talented Gemini ...
 I picked up this cd yesterday without hearing any of the tracks . 1 . I like the artist 2 It was reasonbly priced and 3 I liked the cover . But , I got ta tell ya I was knocked off my feet when I played it in my car and even more excited when I got home and popped it in my stereo . I feel this is his best work to date . Every song touched me in a different way . The music is flawless and I just ca n't say enough about it . Fellas , buy it for your lady for Valentines day .
 I have been a fan since his first self entitled album `` BRIAN MCKNIGHT '' , and I can honestly say that he never ceases to amaze me ! He always seems to express different situations that we can all relate to in some way . The current single off of this album is `` Everytime You Go Away '' , which is nothing less of FANTASTIC ! I met Brian personally at a restaurant , and he signed a 5 dollar bill of mine -LRB- that was all I had on me for him to sign -RRB- . In doing so , he was very sincere and humble . Whether you are a long time or new fan , this album is definitely worth adding to your collection ! Thank you for another great album Brian , you are truly a living legend ! GOD Bless .
 I picked up my copy today and all I can say is there 's nobody like the McKnight man . He never disappoints . There 's not a track here that does n't get you going . From his ballads to his jammin ' R&B , this one is a winner . He gives everything here from a-capella harmony to the best falsetta in the industry . Brian McKnight is incomparable . Smooth , handsome , sexy and a musical genius ! It makes for a dangerous , but irresistible mixture .
 Well I dont usually buy to many R&B cd 's but you know it changes when you have certain artists and Brian is one of them . Me being a male in my mid 30 's I want to hear music that I can relax to and this CD does it . I have to say my fav songs on here are 1 . What we do here which he sounds a little like Joe in this song but it comes out really good . 2 . Grown Man Business has a real nice beat and a good message to it also . 3 . She which is a little uptempo and has one of my favorite rappers Talib Kweli from Blackstar very nice combination here one this one . I hope he brings some of these songs put on Vinyl so I can put them on a mix cd overall a very nice cd .
 Sunny Days , Soothing Clouds , Calming Storms , and Warm Embraces.Thank You , Thank You , Thank You , Thank You , Brian Mcknight for re-introducing the Grown Folks Music . I was getting so bored and frustrated and I was getting lonely without your words . I ca n't say which tracks I love the most but I must say that Grown Man Business was definitely on the money as well as Everytime You Go Away ! Stay With Him and the list goes on to Track 13 Me & You . You have once again allowed us within the soul of you and only a true fan will know that Gemini is the very soul of you . I am ever so glad that you are placed with in new skin . I commend and respect you even more for the inside view of what the world does n't allow us to see . The Rawness , The Humor , The Cries , The Lovemaking , The Peace that illuminates from this album . It 's instruments that takes you away and the words just leaves you speechless and you just find yourself wanting to know . What 's it like to be that in Love , In addition a stepping stones to endure human nature and be accountable for our actions as adults . It 's not just an album it 's his Love Letter to his ex wife and all of the women he ever encountered and missunderstood his intentions . He implements and masters the hardship and struggles as well as Love of a Real Man . Giving better understanding in knowing that he too is Human . I have been a fan since his Self titled Album 10 + years . For all the new comers . You have got to start from the beginning to Accept and Appreciate `` Gemini '' . Everything else has been so watered down that real music with emotions and sustainance has been lost . But B You brought it back . I 'll continue to pray for your humble heart and unconditional happiness in success and life . Wo n't say I 'm a Gemini But Us Virgos feel you
 muy buen album , en la linea elegante de siempre.Todos los temas son muy cool , esencial si te gusta el buen r & b
 This is the best cd by brian . My favorite song is `` everything I do '' . You wo n't be disapointed if you buy .
 I am not your average CD buyer . But when I heard Brian McKnight 's `` Gemini '' on AOL Music , I knew that I had to purchase it ! This is one of the best R&B cds I 've purchased . Overall , I am very happy with my purchase !!
 It is a shame that Brian McKnight has lost his fan-base from years ago . This album truly is n't bad or uninspired by any means . In fact , it is better than his last release , U TURN . Brian McKnight has what I consider one of the best voices in R&B. ; What makes him interesting as a musician is the fact that he combines contemporary R&B ; with contemporary jazz . The downside of that combination is that sometimes McKnight comes over too contemporary or too urban.The main downside of GEMINI is the fact that Brian McKnight really does n't try to alter his formula any . Unfortunately , that is one of the reasons that I think GEMINI has bombed on the Billboard Charts , which is said considering Brian McKnight deserves to be going platinum easily . I think to regain his fan base , his next album will have to be a little different from U TURN or GEMINI , which are very solid albums.GEMINI has several good hits including `` What We Do Here '' , `` Everyime You Go Away '' -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , `` Grown Man Business '' , and `` Here With You '' . Where Gemini loses credibility is when it grows too urban and the songs sound too much alike . As an album , it 's certainly not the album of the year for 2005-06 , but it is n't bad by any means . If you are n't into the dance-pop/club facet of R&B ; these days -LRB- Ciara , Nivea -LRB- via `` Okay '' -RRB- , or Amerie -RRB- , then this album is probably for you . This album is in league with Kem ; a mix of contemporary jazz & contemporary R&B. ; 3.5 stars .
 This year of 2005 is very young , a couple of months , but this is one of best I 've heard of the new music of the new year ! Brian McKnight really tops himself with Gemini . This album focuses on a live sound and it shows on many songs . Everything I Do -LRB- with its similar Bryan Adams song title in the chorus -RRB- is the best song here , as Brian shows that falsetto a lot on this song ! A couple of the songs , he sounds eerily close to Marvin Gaye . Because Brian is so true to his music , writing and producing his own songs , this album is one of his best . I like his hip-hop driven songs with Talib Kweli , Juvenile and others , and he has his own heavy beats on those songs ! Brian does his own Dr. Dre thing on these few songs ! The final number is dramatic and very timely for the Lent season of some religions . Brian 's song about Jesus on this final song is moving and emotional . This album just shows Brian McKnight at the top of his music game . I hope this album has a lot of hits soon !
 I 'm about as big of a Brian McKnight fan as you 'll find anywhere , so today was the best day of 2005 thus far , for me . I waited for what seemed like forever for this album to be released . After two release dates were canceled , I was n't going to let today pass without my getting this album by my all-time favorite artist . Gemini is an absolute delight . Brian is multi-talented and I 've never been let down by any of his albums . I absolutely love his voice , his style , his approach to music and the message behind the lyric that he writes . He 's classic Brian on this new release , with more ballads and more of the heart-pounding love songs that he 's famous for . Excellent project!Kendra Norman-Bellamy , authorwww.knb-publications . com
 Before I say anything about this incredible album , the first thing I must say is I enjoyed the live instruments right off the bat . There are not to many recording artist out today Who choose to use live instruments in the studio and I want to thank Mr.Brain mcknight for doing so.I think It goes without saying that , `` What We Do Here '' is a great way to start off an album and is one of my many favorites . `` Everthing I do '' you can hear the prince influence along with other influences as well . `` Here With You '' the old school jam . `` She '' A tribute to the confident women . `` Stay '' has a jazz feel to it . `` Come Back '' Marvin Gaye inspired . `` Your Song '' My absolute favorite song on the album period . I love the way , the old school piano meets the the cello if I 'm not mistaken . And please for give me if I 'm wrong . And of course , it would n't be a Brain Mcknight album without one . `` Me And You '' . the spiritual track .
 I love all of Brian McKnight 's CDs , however `` Gemini '' to date is the Best !! From tracks # 1 `` Stay with Him '' to # 13 `` Me & You '' this project is some of the best R&B ; , Inspirational & Gospel out there today.Thanks Brian !!
 Gemini demonstrates Brian 's continuing growth as an already highly accomplished singer-songwriter . There 's no denying that he is a superb singer - one of , if not , THE best contemporary r 'n' b singers . The intro track of acappella singing instantly announces that Brian 's vocals are going to take centre-stage on this set . Tracks such as ` Everytime you go away ' , ` What we do here ' , ` Come back ' and the mellow , slightly lounge-like ` Your song ' perfectly demonstrate his unique singing range . His excellent use of falsetto can be seen on ` Everything I do ' and ` Here with you ' . Guest appearances come from Talib Kweli on ` She ' and from Akon and Juvenile on ` Whatcha gon na do ? ' and they add to , rather than detract from , the songs . As on previous releases , Brian includes a track that expresses his deep religious faith . On this album it is ` Me and You ' and is truly sublime - my favourite track on the album . That said , not all tracks stand out . ` All over now ' and ` Stay ' are quite average - though listenable - but thankfully they do n't in any way taint the album . Overall , this is a great album - if you 're an r 'n' b/soul aficionado -LRB- or just an admirer of great singing -RRB- - this should be an essential addition to your cd collection .
 This is truly a very diverse CD , but you have to have lived life to really get it . Mature content from a mature individual . My stand out selections
 John Legend is almost there , but his work does not compare to Brian 's 10 plus years . What can be said about BMcK that has n't been said already ? The man 's vocals , production , and writing skills are amazing . This cd is definitely classic Brian in my mind . I have all of his music except for the cd before this one and after Superhero . Every song on here flows for me . The only thing I can do w/o are the rappers on my R&B ; ! LOL.My favorite songs :1 . Stay With Him -LRB- Intro -RRB- - very catch and old-skool intro2 . What We Do Here -- It 's a good song , but definitely too much airplay3 . Everytime You Go Away -- sounds like Let 's Get Married by JE , but I love it4 . Grown Man Business -- LOVE this song5 . Everything I Do -- THIS SONG GETS TO ME LIKE `` LOVE OF MY LIFE `` 6 . Here With You7 . All Over Now8 . She9 . Stay11 . Watcha Gon na Do ? 12 . Your Song13 . Me & YouGemini is definitely worth the $ 12.99
 It bothers me a lot to see that almost everybody has been praising Usher as the R&B king . Hell no ! Brian McKnight is the real deal . Usher is just a R&B beginner .
 Brian Mcknight is the best R&B artist in the business in my eyes . A man that writes , composes and sings all his own music should not be overlooked in this business as much as he is . I was so glad when he switched to Motown label a few albums back because his music has the old Motown feel to it . I would put him up there with the other great artists in Motown history like Smokey Robinson and Lionel Ritchie -LRB- Both of them who wrote , composed and sang there own music -RRB- . My favorite song on this ablum is `` Everytime you go away '' , which is another classic Ballad that Brian has layed down . `` Here with you '' , `` What we do here '' and `` Grown man business '' are also great hits . I ca n't wait for his next album already .
 I 've always enjoyed listening to McKnight 's music but was never a huge fan ... until I took the time to listen to this CD . I LOVED it the very first time I played it . I usually have to listen to songs a few times for them to grow on me . The minute I told a few friends about this CD they admitted that they would never have taken the time to listen to it if I did n't recommend it . They went out and bought a copy for themselves a few days later . It 's a great CD and you 'll love it ! `` Grown Man Business '' is my personal favorite and I love to use it on guys who need to mature a little bit .
 All I can say is this CD is da bomb ! Brian McKnight outdid himself again . He can sing to me anytime . While the teeny boppers flip over people like Justin Timberlake and Usher , who are both great entertainers but lack master vocals , Brian McKnight can SING !!!! It does n't matter if it 's up tempo or slow jams , nobody can touch him . Gemini is well worth picking up
 I do n't understand why some people expect Brian Mcknight 's new music to sound just like his old music . If I wanted to hear his old cds then I would pull them out of my cd case . Every time an artist puts out a cd , in some way it reflects HIS experiences in life . Not his fans . We should be thankful that a such a talented musican , singer-songwriter gives us the privilege of sharing it with him . I 'm just happy to have another Brian Mcknight cd to add to my collection .
 This CD was really good , It has some great ballards and my favorites are 2 , 3 and 5 :--RRB- .
 We are in a time when the radios are overrun with the overrated studio singers that the young girls love . Brian brings in a breath of much needed fresh air . I must admit I love Brian and buy everything he puts out . But this CD has to be my favorite . He brought it this time !!! I have the Gemini plus CD with 3 live songs on the end . They are spectacular . If you have not purchased this CD you need to ! But try to find the version with the bonus live cuts they are worth it !
 Just like many artist , Brian has grown into his music . Since the past couple of cd 's he as made several transformations . First he was more the surrogate father , bellowing out sappy love songs for couples , then after the divorce he went through a slight thug faze , which did not fit and now he has found his niche as one of R&B ; premiere crooners , rivaling such artist as Gerald Levert and the likes . `` What We Do Here '' the first single has gotten tremendous airplay and will be an R&B ; staple `` Every time You Go Away '' reminds me of Jagged Edges ' `` Lets Get Married '' and seems to have the same harmony , yet it is a stand out on the cd . `` Grown Man Business '' is a nice mid-tempo jam and sure to be a single . `` Everything I Do '' could easily be a Prince/Maxwell cut . Brian does a good job at maintaining a falsetto sound without being cartoonish or vocally challenged . and will probably be released as a single . `` Here with You '' is a mid tempo cut with great vocal range . It is actually one of my fav on the cd . `` All Over Now '' hits close to an urban sound . But sounds more like a filler . `` She '' is one the few up-tempo cuts , but a step down from a dance track . I think McKnight it at his best at ballads . One of the two cuts featuring rappers and this one includes Talib Kweli , an artist I had never heard of until now . `` Come Back '' this track grew on me . Listen closely and you can hear Brian with a Marvin Gaye sound which is very impressive considering Gaye 's impact and contribution to the music industry and a comparison of the two saids alot . Got a sorta `` Lets get it on '' feel . `` Whatcha Gon na Do ? '' - features Juvenile and the 2nd cut to include a rapper and Mc . 's attempt to stay mainstream . A comfortable cut after a few listens . `` Your Song '' makes you wonder whom McKnight is singing to ... could it be his ex-wife or a past love . The lyrics deal with his decision to write and dedicate song to the one he loves . On this particular track I hear a hint of Stevie . But maybe it is just me . `` Me and You '' the one and only gospel cut seems to be a personal testimony to Mc 's relationship with his God . It is nice for those moments of reflection of the love of Christ . Also one of my favorite.I find that Brian has found niche on this cd . He is romantic without being overt and filthy . The lyrics are for the mature and those who can appreciate grown folks grime . He has added a little rap flava to keep the cd balanced and has even included a gospel track on the end . Besides being one of the finest brutha to grace a cd cover and a finer chocolate ' in person , he has great style and music selection . His voice is versatile and not at all one-dimensional . I highly recommend spending a night with this cd . Even though this cd is not a masterpiece , it is worth the small amount of cash .
 This album takes me to a place that I really can not explain-it touches the depths of my soul . Thats to let you know how enthralled I am with this album . I would have to compare it with his 1999 album `` Back at One `` A few months back I was at work late one night and `` What we do Here '' came on the stereo and for the life of me I could not place the voice ... So here I was trying to find out who is the voice behind that song . . I got home at 9am that following morning and started playing all fo Brian McKnight 's albims to find that song . . I was indeed disappointed that it wan not on any of the albums ... that was until a friend called me with the good news that his album-Gemini -LRB- as my zodizc sign -RRB- will be release in Feb. I was o happy that I got online and downloaded the album so that I can listen to it while sitting at the computer . Most of all , a coworker got me the album and since then it has been playing non-stop since last Tuesday and even my mom and her friends have fallen in love with the album .
 I AM A BIG BRAIN MCKNIGHT FAN MY ONLY THING IS HE NEEDS TO STICK TO THE BALLADS AND MID TEMP SONGS LEAVE THE FAST TRACKS OUT HE DOES NOT DO THOSE WELL U WILL ENJOY THIS CD
 Not that I did n't like Brian McKnight before this album , but I had not purchased one of his releases since `` Anytime '' back in the day . I heard the single from this album on television and had to go out and get the full album . Every single cut on Gemini is outstanding . Brian out-did his dayum self with this new release ! A definite must have for any Brian McKnight fan or for anybody who likes somewhat steamy music that is n't trashy , but deep .
 Recent commericals advertising Brian Mcknight 's latest cd , Gemini , are n't even fair . They do n't even come close to what Brian exhibits on his latest gift . Who thought of that campy crap anyway ? This cd is complex , sophisticated and mature . Songs such as WWDH -LRB- What We Do Here -RRB- , Everytime You Go Away , and Everything I Do stay true to Brian 's creative insight on relationships and dating with a background of great melodies to support it.In addition , there 's always a tune that reinforces that despite his status as a hot R and B Balladeer , he still has religion . Me and You is a solid conclusion to an already great album . I should also mention that he does have a couple of guest artists on this cd but it 's not overwhelming to hear them over already great lyrics and music arrangements . In other words , they do n't get in the way of what Brian is attempting to accomplish.While other artist might sell their souls to get chart toppers , Mcknight stays dedicated to what traditional R and B fans like -- seductive lyrics and arrangements that are delivered just in time for Valentine 's Day 2005 . This one is better than Superhero and a bit more complex than U-Turn . It leaves you wondering how much of his material is art imitating life ? Makes you wonder . Maybe I do n't have to since I too am a Gemini ! You decide !
 Brian McKnight seems to be like fine wine , he only gets better with time . Usually one can blame Brian McKnight for making albums which are often unworthy of his talent -LRB- generally his albums are a blend of great songs and filler -RRB- , but that 's not the case here
 I ABSOLUTELY ADORE BRIAN MCKNIGHT.HIS MUSIC IS OUTSTANDING !! TO ME HES THE BEST MALE ARTIST OF ALL TIMES . . MY FAVORITE ON THE GEMINI ALBUM IS `` EVERYTHING I DO '' . . THE ENTIRE ALBUM IS THE BUMB !!
 I just became a true Brian McKnight fan . I have his first 2 CD 's and I love them . But after hearing about the gossip of his marraige breakup and the bad rumors , I sort of cooled off from him . I thought that he was a cheatin dog ! But , I realized that really it is none of my business and I started listening to how talented he was and I can truly say that I love this CD . I especially love Grown Man Business and She . Wonderful work Brian . Your Fan for life !
 I guess the title speaks for itself . People who say that he needs sumthin different needs some serious help . The album has a good amount of diversity as in grabbing all genres of Black Music . The title speaks for itself . U are gon na hear things that do n't sound like him because the album is just sampling many sides of him . For me , once u get older and wiser , yes , your music is only gon na be played on certain stations . This garbage that keeps coming out now gives me a lot of respect for this dude when he throws somthing out . I was really impressed with his 1st single `` What we do here '' because I love Fender Rhodes and that 's how the song starts . I love the Jazzy/r & b joints on here . The best joint on here is `` Stay . '' `` Your song '' is definitely right behind it . Really sincere . I do n't understand how know one likes `` Here With You . '' That song is classic !!! Great slow dancing song with ur wifey at home . The only problems i had with this cd is the songs with rappers on there and the songs with the Neo Soul type style . There are some songs i think he can do that with , but he has to come with better snares , keep his formula of Fenders and play with the key signatures more -LRB- like Musiq did on `` Where are you Going '' -RRB- , and more of a Stevie approach instead of Marvin Gaye . I definitely ca n't stnd when he tries to sound like Marvin Gaye . Only R.Kelly can get away with that . I also think some songs could 've have been longer -LRB- definitely `` Stay '' -RRB- Everything i do was perfect length and a beautiful song . Thats the kind of music I miss . But anyway the jazzy cuts and a couple of other songs are deifinitely the highlights of the album .
 Yo , I purchased U-Turn and should have done a U-Turn to take it back . Bad really Bad I listened to that cd once , maybe twice only to give Brian the benefit of the doubt.Now this CD , as a Virgo , we have our doubts about Geminis ' but lord I love this cd . The song about Christ almost brought tears to my eyes , I loved it and SHE is such a nice song . Welcome back Brian I really missed you .
 Not many reviews for this one so I thought I would talk it up . It is a great 2cd set with good sound that gives you a good mix of material . 4 songs from each album with Peter Nichols and a few from the Paul Menel years . Peter sings the Menel songs very good IMHO . This is a great prog rock album and if you have n't heard IQ before it is a good place to start .
 Forever Live by IQ is truly a wonderful listening experience . If you are a progressive rock fan you can not pass this one up . I highly recommend the version which includes the video , especially if you live in North America , where the chances of seeing a live IQ show are very slim at best -LRB- although I did get lucky back in ' 94 ! -RRB- . For those new to IQ , they are a band which employs a very high level of musicianship combined with excellent lyrics penned and sung by Peter Nicholls . Their overall sound is dark and brooding , with the occasional ray of sunlight bursting through . Unlike some progressive rock , IQ 's music is not all flash and solos . It is highly emotional and tightly arranged . The live album sounds great and includes most of their best material . I recommend all albums by this band , particularly the titles that include Peter Nicholls as vocalist
 Tengo que reconocer que `` SUBTERRANEA '' es un alb&ugrave;n conceptual muy bien grabado , donde IQ demuestra su talento creativo y en el que hay partes del concierto realmente extraodinarias . Por algunos meses pens&egrave; que &egrave;ste era el mejor trabajo en directo de esta banda hasta que escuche FOREVER LIVE . Sin que me quede nada por dentro , este doble CD que cubre varios de los primeros trabajos de este mega grupo supera con creces `` SUBTERRANEA '' y a muchos otros grupos de la &egrave;poca.Ambos CD tienen siete -LRB- 7 -RRB- pistas y el primero contiene verdaderas piezas a destacar como `` The Wake '' , `` The darkest hour y `` Nostalgia '' , pero la esencia de su m&ugrave;sica est&agrave; en el segundo CD . Sinceramente , no tiene desperdicio . Perfecci&ograve;n musical de pies a cabeza en Leap of Faith '' , The enemy smacks -LRB- increible -RRB- , la sensibilidad de Headlong y The last human gateway y la expresi&ograve;n magistral sonora en No love lust dejan a cualquiera estuperfacto . Holmes , Cook , Nichols , Jowitt y Orfeo forman IQ , una banda desgraciadamente poco conocida en gran parte de los Estados Unidos y , sin embargo , uno de los mejores que jam&agrave;s haya escuchado.I have to admit that `` Subterranea '' is one of the best conceptual albums that I have heard recently . Great recording , magnificent lirics . For almost a year , I thought that SUBTERRANEA was the best live works of this megagroup . I was wrong by far . FOREVER LIVE is one the best live albums ever recorded . It is at the level of GENESIS-SECONDS OUT or LA GAZZA LADRA , MARILLION live masterpiece.This is a double CD . Both of them included seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- songs . CD 1 includes The Wake , The darkest hour and Nostalgia but the second CD 2 simply rounds musical perfection . Leap of Faith , The enemy smacks -LRB- incredible performance by Holmes -RRB- , sensibility at glance in Headlong and The last human gateway and the grand finale of No love lust ca n't be explain in writting ... Holmes , Cook , Nichols , Jowitt and Orfeo are IQ , a band not so well known in the States but for me , one of greates band that I ever heard ... I have to say that this is one the top of my 3,000 CD collection ...
 Very good double Live album from I.Q. . The sound is just perfect.Vey good choice of music , great versions , some even better than the studio tracks . Recommanded if you are new to I.Q. , if you want to discover a great prog band .
 Excellent double CD from a band that is undoubtedly in the first line of progressive music . The sound is really good and the selection of songs span all the albums . If you are looking for a first step into IQ 's music , try this . You will enjoy it .
 I recently discovered this group . What a loss , to spend so many years never knowing . But I 'm making up for lost time . This is easily one of the most listenable prog groups and satisfying live cd 's I could name . ` Leap of Faith ' alone is worth the price ! I LOVE THIS MUSIC !!!
 Great concert video from the masters ... I watched this for months prior to giving it as a gift . I wrapped it up like it was new ... I also kept the CD and program that came with it .
 AWESOME LIVE CDS OF THE INCREDIBLE IQ - THE ENEMY SMACKS IS SIMPLY AMAZING AND THAT IS ONLY ONE OF MANY GREAT SONGS . THIS CD RANKS WITH KISS ALIVE , GENESIS SECONDS OUT AND HOAX LIVE AT SMELSONS AS A POWERFUL LIVE STATEMENT .
 I absolutely LOVED this album ... IQ is definitely in my top 5 of favorite bands ... . and this performance is wonderful . I highly recommend this CD to any progressive rock fan ... fantastic !
 In a nutshell , this is one of the best live prog albums of all time . I remember when I bought this cd I was very apprehensive -LRB- cd was very expensive back then -RRB- . When I listened to it I could not believe the musicianship and melodies that were on this cd . If you like prog , and especially if you like IQ , get this album . You WILL NOT be disappointed !
 -LRB- 3.5 stars -RRB- This is the second year inna row that I 've bought the Gold album and this is the second year inna row that it 's been a slightly better than average project . The bottom line here is that there are some very very good songs here , and some flat awful songs here that just sort of cancel each other out . The worst of worse has to be Elephant Man 's Shizzle Ma Nizzle , which , to me , has to lyrically be one of the worse modern dancehall cuts I 've ever heard , no matter the riddim -LRB- here on the liquid -RRB- . Also , Lexxus and Vegas on Video Light , which is just a collaboration that should not have happened . Bun Out the Chi Chi is also not one of Capleton 's best either -LRB- and edited -RRB- . And Terry Linen , who CAN SING , but enough with the remakes of hip-hop songs already , as The World Greatest is merely R.Kelly 's exact same song.The album improves drastically after the first 7 songs , as it begins the lover 's rock section , the best being Come Down Father by Beres Hammond and Never Go Where Pagans Go , by Warrior King which is n't as good as his hit Virtuous Woman -LRB- nothing to be ashamed of -RRB- . After that it goes back to dancehall -LRB- and good dancehall -RRB- . Two legends make their comebacks thoroughly here . Professional hit-maker Shabba Ranks , absolutely Kills it on Pretty Please and the Empress getting ready for her album , Lady Saw shows maybe her best lyrics since Sycamore Tree on the outstanding Baddest Girl . Throw in a decent Bounty track Killa is Ah Killa and a GOOD song by Prophet & Luciano from Still Blazin ' and its rounded out nicely.My favorite track -LRB- besides Saw 's Baddest Girl -RRB- is oddly enough , Old Crook by the unknown Mister G , because of that old-school dancehall sounding riddim , and Mister G offers up some decent lyrics . Also pretty odd is the song Middle Fingers in the Air by Baby Cham . The lyrics on that one are pretty bad , however , its the first time that the riddim , the Return has been on CD and it sounds amazing , VP should 've pulled the tune The Return also by Cham as a better representative of the riddim.Overall , its a pretty fun album I would suggest that R&B and hip-hop fans pick this one up , its a pretty tame , easily english understood record . Dancehall and Lover 's Rock fans stick to Strictly the Best and what Greensleeves puts out . By the way the second cd is even wacker than last year 's as Jazzy T 's too much talkling soundstyle ruins it like so many others he has done . And di gyal pon di cover ah murdah .
 Both of the cds in this set are great . Everytime i hear this cd i just want to get up and dance and i always do . In the car at home or even at work . This cd is also great for young kids . My 2 girls -LRB- three and one -RRB- love it and its not one of those CDs where im worried that there going to pick up some bad words .
 I lost this CD a while back & was never able to find it so I 'm glad I was able to download it . Now I have a permanent digital copy of a lot of my favorite reggae tunes .
 I was n't too sure if I should have purchased this cd , but I 'm glad did . It 's not as bad as I thought it would be . It 's great ! Go out and get it if this is your type of thing . I 'm a reggae fan for life !!
 this piece is a masterpiece . big time knock out . ladyranx.Dominica
 dang nab , dis be da bes albm dat dere eva beed . me an ma homiez all be chillin wid deez phat beetz dank ya reggae gold
 This is the kind of album I would have flipped over in the sixties , the seventies , eighties , 90 's ... you get the idea . One is always looking for just the right album , and usually getting the same old thing . . Blue Note solos one right after another ... mediocre arrangements , or something you really like for the first two years , and then cojuld never play it again ... Like some of my middle years of Weather Report . THis album , like Pat Martino 's Hombre , will stand the test of time . It 's all meat and potatoes . THe right choices , and the right sounds . Stick it in the car and split . Check out the second disc of Tom Waits Orphans , and take that into the country for a drive ... the bawler 's CD . amazing . One classic song after another . Only one out of 18 cuts do I skip.THen get the double CD of Mancini 's Mr. Lucky and Mr. Lucky goes latin . Wonderful sonics on these .
 with the previous reviewer that this album is a must have for any jazz fan . It is nice to hear some Don Patterson material done over so well . Joey Defrancesco is so talented its ridiculous . The band gels so nicely together . This is such a relaxing and mellow album . There 's not much more to say . If you like Joey D. then you know that he never disappoints on the organ , so you 'll love this project as well.-peace -
 Let me first acknowledge that Don Patterson is my favorite jazz organist . -LRB- Or is it Larry Young ? -RRB- Or maybe Joey DeFrancesco ? Well anyway , this is my favorite Joey D CD . How can I lose , since this is the wonderful Joey D playing the wonderful Don Patterson 's favorite tunes in the spirit and style of Don?From the first notes played by the underrated guitarist Paul Bollenback on `` S'Bout Time , '' one is transported to the 60 's and 70 's jazz world of Don Patterson . Don played organ with many single note runs , somewhat like a piano , in contrast to other organ favorites such as Jimmy Smith , Jimmy McGriff , etc. who played a more two handed soul oriented organ . Do n't get me wrong , Joey can play soul as good as the rest . For that , listen to `` The Good Life . `` The tunes are light , swinging , fleet , organ gems . Joey and the rest of the trio capture Don 's essense.The secret to this CD 's success is the accompaniment of Paul Bollenback 's guitar and Sonny Landham 's drums . Many of Joey 's recordings before and since have featured multi-horn groups , singing , tributes to Sinatra and Goodfellas , etc. . This recording is simple straight ahead jazz by 3 artists who are comfortable swinging together.If you have not heard Don Patterson , get any of his recordings for a real treat . Meanwhile , get this CD for a breath of jazz organ fresh air .
 If you are fan of jazz at all , this should be your next cd . Seriously . The playing on this album is simply stellar , by all musicians involved . Worth buying without even hearing . Trust me .
 I have always been a Connie Francis fan but was surprised to see `` Connie 's Country '' on Amazon , I never knew she had a country album out . The CD is great , Connie 's incredible voice and style give these country classics new life . Again , she crossed a music boundry/style and has improved on it . I actually like many of these re-recordings better than the originals . If you 're a Connie Francis fan , this CD is a real treat .
 This proves Connie can sing anything . This CD covers her country releases but unfortunately is minus some of her finer moments during her foray into C&W such as `` I 'd Be A Legend In My Time and They 'll Be No Teardrops Tonight '' . But this UK import is very good indeed and should be in everyone 's collection . The sound quality is excellent and the care that was put into this project is evident . A welcome addition to the Connie Francis library .
 The connection Connie had to Country goes right back to the start of her career . Indeed , her first hit single - minor though it was - involved a duet with C&W ; star Marvin Rainwater on The Majesty Of Love which made it to # 93 on the Billboard Pop Top 100 in December 1957 b/w You , My Darlin ' , You . And although that did not register on the Country charts , she did have Everybody 's Somebody 's Fool go to # 24 Country in the summer of 1960 -LRB- as well as # 1 Hot 100 and # 2 R&B ;-RRB- b/w Jealous Of You -LRB- # 19 Hot 100 -RRB- , and in early 1969 had The Wedding Cake reach # 33 Country as well as # 91 Hot 100 , b/w Over Hill Underground . And her last hit single ever , which came in March 1983 , was a Country one , There 's Still A Few Good Love Songs Left In Me , # 84 Country b/w Let 's Make It Love Tonight.However , her 8th LP , which came out in November 1959 , was titled Country & Western Golden Hits , containing
 What a wonderful discovery , pairing the incomparable Connie Francis with simple but emotionally potent early country lyrics . An easy five stars . The arrangements on this collection range from brilliant to tacky . Some tracks will test your tolerance of `` kitsch , '' although never rising to the level of Connie Stevens ' over-the-top Hank Williams album . Superb sound quality . Kudos to the sound engineer . At Amazon Marketplace prices , it 's a crime not to purchase and own this disc . My wife and I argued for 15 minutes about whose `` I Fall to Pieces '' is better , Connie 's or Patsy 's . Of course I was just being difficult -LRB- Patsy * owns * that song -RRB- , but for it to be even a close call is about the highest compliment I can think of for such a decidedly un-country performer as Connie Francis .
 Although Celine Dion nearly does with a couple of her numbers there is no female singer who can `` cry '' a tune like Connie Francis ! Her voice never ever fails to brings home to us as listeners ' a true love , lost , unrequited or just never ever found . One indeed wonders to what heights this amazing performer could have taken her career if her vicious rape in a hotel room never happened . To the diva of my youth and the diva of my life time , long may your voice be heard on radios ' gaga-gaga ...
 A good listen . Connie Francis was a favorite of my mother while I was growing up . Many of the songs on this CD are familiar favorites . Connie 's voice with clarity and emotion brings heartache and hope alive for the listener .
 connie could do it all , no matter the type of music !! truly a talent to be admired ! love her , and i alway will !!
 I 'm never surprised by anything Connie Francis does . In this album she takes on the greats from Patsy Cline to Hank Williams and does not disappoint . Well worth the purchase for any Connie Francis and Country fan .
 Good music , but it 's from the Playstation game -LRB- unique to Japan -RRB- , not the anime . Still , good music .
 The rhythm and beat just makes you want to close your eyes and you ca n't help but sway from side to side . This music makes me feel it , and it feels good .
 This by far is their best album . I loved Hoja en blanco and hasta el fin is alright , but in my opinion this album has the most songs on it that you actually enjoy listening to , and not just 2 or 3 . Polos Opuestos and El Sonador are my top top fav . picks . I recomend this album to anyone who loves romantic ballads or anyone who just enjoys good music .
 This is beautiful music . The latin melodies accompanied by genuine , heartfelt lyrics will capture you . You really need to know Spanish though in its purest form , because the lyrics are so powerful if correctly interpreted and understood . If you do n't know Spanish , the melody is just as good . A must for the hopeless romantic who has been hurt , or anyone who appreciates good music .
 Well , if you were not convinced of their talent displayed in `` Hoja en Blanco '' this album will surely erase any lingering doubts . In a short period time Monchy & Alexandra have risen to the top and their bachata is definitely in a class by itself . Their singing capability has always been strong and `` Confesiones '' has melodic , sentimental and passionate bachatas that are sung by this duet who has proven their talent as bachata singers . This album is complete with romantic bachatas but yet are very lively with upbeat rhythms . All the songs are great but you will definitely notice that `` Te Quiero Igual que Ayer '' , `` Dos Locos '' , `` Polo Opuesto '' , `` Cuando no Se Puede Olvidar '' and `` En un Dos Por Tres '' are show-stoppers . In a nutshell this is a great bachata album and a five star rating simply is not enough !
 This is an absolutely fabulous CD . There music is fun and diverse . The lyrics are great and meaningful . The rhythms are wonderful and energetic . I would recommend this CD to anyone who loves Bachata or wants to get to know the music . I loved all the songs from Confesiones . My favorites are
 Wow , I have the honor of breaking in the review line on this 3-CD set ! Here we have Radu Lupu 's entire recorded output of Brahms ' piano music , all from 1971-81 . CD 1 -LRB- like CD 2 -RRB- was previously released as a single CD , so be sure you 're not duplicating your collection . CD 3 is a previously out-of-print recording of Concerto Nr . 1 with the London PO conducted by Edo de Waart . I 'll address this first . I had never heard Lupu 's concerto , and , as an unremitting Lupu fan , I had high hopes . He plays the socks off the thing as I envisioned . However , de Waart and the London PO are n't quite up to Lupu 's standards , and a tug-of-war at times threatens the proceeedings . It seems Lupu wants to push ahead in tutti passages , then wants to luxuriate in solo moments -- perfectly Brahmsian , I think , if de Waart would only allow him . Also the strings just play with sloppy intonation and execution . One wishes for Jochum 's Berlin Phil . to come to Lupu 's aid here ! Having said that , I will likely keep this right up there with my Gilels version , if only to hear again and again Mr. Lupu 's poetry and passion.As for the other 2 discs -LRB- CD1
 Released by DECCA in 2005 as a celebratory bow for the 60th anniversary of -LRB- its exclusive artist -RRB- Radu Lupu , this Brahms CD box set comprises recordings made by the great Romanian pianist during the decade 1971 - 1981 Emerging in his mid-twenties on the international concert platform with three first prizes in his bag , won in prestigious international piano competitions -LRB- Van Cliburn - 1966 , Enescu - 1967 , Leeds - 1969 -RRB- , Lupu rapidly established himself as one of the top performing artists of our time with a definitive affinity for the classical-romantic repertoire . His refined craftsmanship seems especially suited for music of Mozart , Beethoven , Schubert , Schumann and Brahms . Yet Lupu hates self promotion and publicity , being widely regarded as a genuine anti-star , his arrival as one of the most acclaimed and sought-after pianists of the last decades has covered him by flattering engagements with most impressive concert stages and orchestras around the world.Regarding the Intermezzos op. 117 and Piano pieces op. 118 & 119 recorded here , I will quote Jeremy Hayes who put it so inspired in the liner notes of the accompanying booklet
 Nowadays , Radu Lupu has become one the maxim exponents in which concerns Brahms ' piano music . His singular genius , indomitable commitment and honest conviction may be felt , recognized and admired.His eloquent pianism and peerless phrasing involves and bewitches whole audiences . Solvent musicality and serene lyricism without affections or theatrical mannerisms deserve him the best epithets I can find . He is one the ten greatest pianists of the actual universe.This CD confirms it . He achieves to extract the lyric vein , the sumptuous refinement and sober elegance . Just Katchen Kempff , Michelangeli , Richter , Badura - Skoda , Fischer , Gilels and Gould have been able to perform with such sheer panache the most beloved and lavished musical son of Hamburg.So keep in mind this crucial detail at the moment to decide yourself . This is a wise choice . Do n't hesitate and go for it .
 This is a wonderful session called BEAM By Peter Lacey . As with many of us Peter has a deep admiration of Brian Wilson.Now Peter does n't just do knock off 's of Beach Boy chords or vibes . He walks around the song and infuses it with his own incredible talent . I happened to hear one song late one night and wanted to listen to his work . When Beam arrived from my seller , I spent a couple of days listening in my car . After the car test , Beam came in and sat itself inside my CD player and we became good listening friends . There is a lot to hear in one listen . But if you love imaginative music , then this is worth your while.It 's gone to the beach and on a few walks with me and its quite heartfelt . All I know is if I see anymore of Mr Lacey 's CD 's . No question , I will take them home with me , Good Show : -RRB-
 1 . First of All2 . One Convention3 . Stillness4 . Rock and Roll Thing5 . Mickey 's Theme -LRB- Nothing 2 Do With U -RRB- 6 . I Feel A Shudder7 . Bad Word8 . Venezuela9 . Trojan Horse10 . Broke11 . Token Celtic Drinking Song12 . Best Song In The World13 . Superindividual14 . Even More15 . Outside-InImport from Canada .
 This is the sound of London 's Sonic Mook Experiment club trying to outscuzz New York and LA and it works exceedingly well . Guitar feedback and perversity but never at the expense of danceability . Imagine Death in Vegas but less dirge-y and with a bit more squelchy electro fun at various tempos . It is unmixed .
 Oh my GOD ! This is absolutely the best album I have heard all year ! `` Little Queen '' ROCKS ! If you do n't have this album , you should definately make it part of your collection ! Definately your money 's worth ! And his fan club gives out AWESOME stickers ... . KEWL !
 Tony Montana is a great talent ! His music is the best I have heard in a very long time . It is my belief that that every true fan of rock & roll should buy this album ASAP ! It absolutely ROCKS!Tony 's other # 1 fan !
 I have been a long time fan/supporter of Tony & to hear him do lead vocals on his own CD is great . The song `` Little Queen '' is the type of song to make you want to get up & rock . Tony has a great voice ... no more background vocals for him ! If you can , check out his CD because you wo n't be disappointed . . TRUST ME!Tony 's # 1 fan always
 Privilegio de Amarte es una cancion bellisima . Adelante con la musica nortena !!!!!!!!
 Album editing is a terrible terrible thing . Sometimes it can lead to an amazing song sounding horrible -LRB- i.e. Capleton Pure Sodom version on More Fire -RRB- and on Thug Nature it reigns supreme . Songs like the opener Coochie Daddy and Buck a Catty are nearly destroyed by the record company 's torrid display of editing . However , if you set the editing aside , which is terribly difficult to do , you end up with a pretty good record from the now veteran Spragga . Apparently Spragga set out to make a straight head knocking dancehall album , and he succeeded in doing just that . Check out `` Analogy '' on the Superstar , also used by the following track `` Bait '' , `` Stunna '' and `` Di Rooster '' . My personal favorite is `` Playa '' with one of the wickedest rhythms I 've heard in a long time . Overall , if you can get past the editing its a very good album , definitely worth buying if you 're a Benz fan , or maybe if you 're a hip-hop fan that is starting to listen to dancehall .
 Spragga Benz is back with another dancehall classic . `` Thug Nature Will Change The Dancehall Music Genre ! With Its Trendsetting Production ! Listen To Entire Album Start-End And Be The Judge ! The album boasts bonafide hits such as `` Warriors Cause '' feat . Elephant Man , `` Analogy '' & `` Gi Wi Dem '' feat . Red Square Crew . Also new anthems for the ladies such as `` Spin Yu Roll '' , `` African Move '' , and `` Di Rooster '' . For the rudeboys killer tunes like `` Dem Lik Dem Head '' , `` Gunz Up '' , `` Coochie Daddy '' and many more . The Benz in the biz just keeps getting better !!
 Just down to earth and real , you got ta have this one in your collections . `` African Move '' thats the move ni@@a's
 In the time it takes to read this you could be buying this CD and every other Stephen Duffy/Lilac Time release you can get your hands on . This man has created and continues to create some of the finest , most intelligent and tasteful pop music ever heard . Fans of XTC/Andy Partridge , Matthew Sweet , Elvis Costello , Nick Lowe , Aimee Mann , Michael Penn , etc. ... you must get the work of Stephen Duffy into your daily musical diet . With all that 's happening around us these days , a thing of beauty from such a creative , gifted artist is most welcome indeed .
 hey this ce interview is a must for all hardcore No Doubt fans ! there is so much info about gwen and the boys !
 It is too bad this CD is out of print . It contains lots of rare 80 's gems . If you can find it used , it is well worth the money . I have owned this CD since it was first released back in the early 90 's , and have listened to it many , many times . Here are my track by track thoughts : `` At This Moment '' by Billy Vera & the Beaters - this song went to # 1 in 1987 due to use on the tv show `` Family Ties '' - it seemed awesome then , though it has not aged that well , but for those of you looking for it , this is a good place to get it without having to buy an entire Billy Vera album . `` Seasons Change '' by Expose ' - this song went to # 1 in 1988 , not my favorite Expose ' song , but not bad either . `` Captain of Her Heart '' by Double - # 16 in 1986 . This was one of my reasons for buying this CD . A great one-hit wonder from an act that combined 2 of the 80 's music trends
 I bought this album about 2 years ago and see that it STILL has no reviews . I might as well be the 1st ... . These songs are before my time , but I really like a lot of the songs from the WWII era and Doris Day 's early songs are among the best . This album has her early songs from 1940-1948 ... . The sound quality is great and the songs are great . Some of my favorites are
 This 2 disk set is actually culled from 3 later Wishbone Ash efforts . It consists of all the tracks from 1996 's `` Illuminations '' , 5 tracks from 2002 's acoustic effort `` Bare Bones '' , and 3 tracks from `` Bona Fide '' , also from 2002 . How does it sound ? The critics who did the `` Inside Wishbone Ash '' commentary consider 2 of these source disks to be `` criminally neglected . '' If you are a fan of Wishbone Ash , you may already have these later albums . If you do n't , then this is a bargin price introduction to what is still one of the tastiest guitar bands going .
 Every now and then Amazon.com presents us with a mystery like this one -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- . I love mysteries , so I bought it and I was very pleased to see that it is actually one of my favorite Swan Lakes . I was looking to purchase this version on dvd but I was unable to find it -- until now . This is the classic Kirov performance featuring Yelena Yevteyeva as Odette/Odile and John Markovsky as Prince Siegfried . These principals give first rate performances in very distinctive styles . Yevteyeva Is very precise and expressive and her Odile is one of my favorites . Markovsky is extremely smooth in his style with great execution
 This ballet was included in a set of three Tchaikovsky Ballets -LRB- still available -RRB- when I purchased it , but it is also available as a single . It is not a really great copy . There is a tear -LRB- as in rip -RRB- at the top of the screen , which cuts off a face or head or whatever comes into the tear area . Luckily it 's not always there so it is not too obtrusive , and one can live with it . So , please , do n't hesitate to purchase this ballet , the quality is n't terribly bad . It is a 1968 sound stage production w/o an audience , so there is no applause nor the sound of tiny little feet on the floor . It looks like a movie that has been shown all over Russia . The sound quality is good enough , and it is claimed to be in stereo . There are chapter synopses in five or six different languages , including English . It is 83 minutes in length , but should be about 130 minutes to be the complete version . There are a few dances left out of the first and second acts , but the last act seems to be complete . One dance in particular that is left out of scene two of the first act at the lakeside , is the Waltz of the Swans , and the variations by the Three Swans . It is so utterly beautiful that it is a real shame that it was omitted . Also , there are only two National dances in the Ballroom act . Prince Siegfried kills Rothbart , so the final scene is semi-tragic , as its hard to tell if the Swan-Maiden dies or not , but at least the other Swan-Maidens are returned to their human forms so , in a sense , it falls into the happy ending genera of Russian ballet.The part of the fool or joker is played by Valery Panov , and is undoubtedly the best and most acrobatic male dancer I 've seen in my five copies of Swan Lake . Not all versions have a , so called fool , but use , instead , a friend to the Prince . The American Ballet is one example.Yelena Yevteyeva is a very capable Odette/Odile technically . Her surprise and subsequent fear of Siegfried when they first meet is well done , and her wing fluttering is also very good . Some Ballerinas are better at that than others , but Yelena is exceptionally good . She is not the most beautiful Odette/Odile , but when in the Black Swan outfit she is very attractive . As I said , Yelena is a very capable dancer , and since this ballet is 40 years old we probably wo n't see Yelena in any other ballets , so historically this ballet is worth owning . Even though the picture quality is not quite as good as some other copies , I watch this one often , because I like the last act . Some of the music is different , and there are two lifts by Siegfried of Odette that are beautiful and not done at all in some other versions . They are so vigorous that it looked like he might have dropped her , she goes so far back over his head . Angel Corella 's lifts of Gillian Murphy in the ABT version of Swan Lake are just as dramatic , however.This ballet can be purchased for close to $ 10.00 from an Amazon dealer , so you could add it to your collection quite inexpensively . I recommend this ballet.PS . Imagine my surprise , when I found Yelena again ! Yes , I purchased `` The Glory of The Kirov '' which is a potpourri of dances by ballerinas and danseurs from the archives of the Maryinsky theater and other Russian sources , and there she was . In black and white , but very beautiful . She was featured w/Baryshnikov in a 1969 pas de deux called `` The tale of Serf Nekish '' , and again in a 1968 pas de quatre featuring Yelena as `` Fanny Cerreto '' and also featuring Gabriela Komleva as `` Carlotta Grisi '' , Lubov Galenskaya as `` Marie Taglioni '' , and Ludmilla Kovaleva as `` Lucile Grahn '' . Unfortunately , I would never have recognized her in black and white except in the `` Tale of Serf Nekish '' pas de deux . I feel fortunate to have found her again at all . Ivy Lin wrote a nice review about The Glory of the Kirov , but did n't even mention Yelena because the Pas de Quatre , `` annoys the crap '' out of her . What a shame .
 Kenny Ray is a great California guitarist . Has done numerous recordings and this one is as good as any . May be somewhat unknown to some in the blues world , but do n't be fooled by that , he is good . This disc has a great groove to it .
 Garage Anthems , mixed by Craig David is excellent . Its got all the latest songs mixed into a Garage re-mix . Once I picked it up I could ` nt put it down.Pay particular attention to track 3 and 8 on disk two them songs are wicked . This album brings Ali G to America .
 Okay , so ` Take a Picture ' is n't your typical Filter song . Does n't really fit in with all of their other material , but what the hell , every band has to have a semi-acoustic radio friendly track . The other two tracks are where the life of this cd comes from . Two of Filter 's best singles recorded live from New York City , ` Welcome to the Fold ' and ` Hey man , Nice shot ' . The latter of the two is the best because you can get an real good idea of how into the music Filter 's fans are during live shows . In a Word excellent . This disc also contain the music video for ` Take a Picture ' .
 I 've been an Eliza fan since I first heard her sing `` Hard Times in Babylon '' and I thought I had every album she 'd done . `` Retrospecto '' is an excellent collection of hard to find songs . What drew me to the CD was `` Wild Horse '' which also appears on a Putumayo CD `` Women 's Work . '' When I realized there were 19 other songs here , I grabbed the collection . I 'm quite pleased.Favorites include : Wild Horse -- luminous , you can almost see the wild horse of the singer 's dreamsBuffalo Gals -- great fun cowgirl songHer Melancholy Muse -- beautiful pianoThis is maybe not the best introduction to Eliza . I 'd think about `` Hard Times in Babylon , '' `` Beautiful World '' or perhaps `` Land of Milk and Honey '' , but this is still a great CD if you know her work and love her voice.Rebecca Kyle , July 2009
 My mother has always liked The Singing Cookes not too long ago she got to hear them in person !!! and enjoyed it !!
 Pros
 GSE is the beginning of the Old School Hounds , for those in the know ... . this is a definitely classic album ! Queen Esther is here with all that attitude and gumption ! Lord Sledge preaches on , brother ! And let 's not forget the songs and alto of the modern genius of jazz , Joey `` G-Clef '' Cavaseno . All these tunes were well known by the entire swing scene Nationally , and I do n't care who you are , if you do n't have this album or know every inch of it , you are lost in the sauce , and I do n't mean Frim-Fram ! 5 stars all the way !
 In short , I love the radio edit , I love the remixes , but i need more ! The remixes are completely in the new guitar driven mood . It works around clubs well.Here is the track listing :1 . LEFT OUTSIDE ALONE -- RADIO EDIT2 . GET READY3 . LEFT OUTSIDE ALONE -- JASON NEVINS GLOBAL CLUB EDIT4 . LEFT OUTSIDE ALONE -- JASON NEVINS GLOBAL CLUB5 . LEFT OUTSIDE ALONE -- JASON NEVINS GLOBAL MIX SHOWThe song is great . I love the power , and so does half of Europe where this song is a no. 1 hit . So no need to talk abt that too much . The remixes are fine . The club one is already hiting the clubs big time , and the mix show one is maybe even a bit better , although shorter . The non-album track `` Get Ready '' is decent and rocky.I suggest you get this CD . The only thing it misses is several more remixes . Love Anastacia .
 `` Left Outside Alone '' is the lead single off Anastacia 's 3rd , self-titled album . With this song , Anastacia explores new musical territory , while still including her previous style . The type of music , as she calls it , `` Sprock '' , is a combination of pop , rock and r & b ; / soul music . Though you might find it skeptical going into the blender , the result is completely satisfying . A good jump for Anastacia . The remixes for `` Left Outside Alone '' were done by Jason Nevins -LRB- Anastacia , `` Sick & Tired '' ; Widelife , `` All Things -LRB- Just Keep Getting Better '' -RRB- , a remixer who 's been around for a while , but is presently being pushed further into the light . It 's a good things - these remixes rock ! He sets the tone for a house-club remix , while still including the `` sprock '' feel of the original . His Global Mixshow is different from the other two mixes , but is equally satisfying and worthy of your dollar . If you enjoy Anastacia , Dance/Club Remixed , and/or Soul/R & B ; / Pop/Sprock music , then grab this single . The track listing is :01 . Left Outside Alone -LSB- Radio Edit -RSB- 3:5502 . Get Ready03 . Left Outside Alone -LSB- Jason Nevins Global Club Edit -RSB- 4:16 - this is a misprint ; the real time duration for this track is 3:4704 . Left Outside Alone -LSB- Jason Nevins Global Club -RSB- 8:0505 . Left Outside Alone -LSB- Jason Nevins Mix Show -RSB- 5:35 Congratulations Anastacia ! Keep it up !
 Having been a huge fan of Anastacia 's `` One Day In Your Life '' a few years ago I was most happy to find this CD single sitting in a dark corner of the music store -LRB- seems CD singles are a rarity this side of the pond -RRB- . I figured I 'd buy it since Jason Nevins was remixing the track ; and after his mixes for Madonna I was in love . Anyway , I 'm happy to report that `` Left Outside Alone '' is one of the most fabulous songs that I 've heard in ages . Besides the obvious power of Anastacia 's voice , the song is just killer . The rock influence is exactly what we need in this world today , but the real treat is the amazing hook that the song holds . Sad but true , they do n't make songs like this anymore ! Jason Nevins ' remixes are unreal , truly a delight . He works a rock ege aroudn the dance beat and creates an amazing sound . The radio edit is pure delight and the full on vocal mix is sure to be send people prancing all summer .
 Can Mr. Nevins do no wrong ? His remixes for Elvis , The Blackout All-Stars , Kelly Clarkson , and Madonna have been wonderful , and he continues this tradition with Anastacia .1 . Left Outside Alone -LRB- Radio Edit -RRB- -LRB- 10/10 , 3:59 -RRB-
 Live in U.S. , work in U.K. and Europe . I saw Anastacia doing this and other songs from latest album live on the Paul O'Grady show . Even on just a hotel TV , she put everything she is and she has into this song and others . BLEW me away ! Went out and got the album next day -LRB- in U.K. -RRB- . Bloody fantastic album ! Play it whenever I can . If you can find the album in the U.S. - Grab it fast ! Then try to catch an Anastacia live show . Previous albums are good , when she was in her circa '70 and '80s rock `` stage '' . Woman has matured into a serious and terrific artist . She wrote tunes and lyrics to all of the songs on new album except one . LOVE this artist and this album !
 Hey everyoneI bought this single for 1.99 and love it!I love the song Get Ready very rock especially love how she cusses in the middle of the song ! It had me laughing ha haWOOOThe song is a very good discription of what she has gone through with cancer . She was left outside alone and she survived ! Love this woman . I knew I 'd love this song and the mixes . The last one is really cool . Love the way they play the drum beat backwards . The longest remix is probably already being played in clubs . I know it 'll be playing in my club/room ha haSo if u love Anastacia and her last albums then pick this up.GET READY
 For Anastacia to hit big in the US ! , wassp with that ?! , Anastacia has an extreme powerful taylor dayne-tina turner-a-like voice and has well produced songs , and still she does not get a chance state side ?! , why ? , her new single already a # 1 single in the World Chart Show , shows that Anastacia is a big name in music around the world , except the US . Her newest sinle `` Left Outside Alone '' it 's a pop-rock tune that celebrates the anger of and unanswer love and desperation of attention , this tune has it all , great beats , dramatic vocals and classic sounds , definetly a great welcome back to Anastacia .
 This woman has it all
 I love this song everyone can relate to the message in it . The song is '' FIERCE '' .
 i think leftoutside alone is brill !!! i would like to here it as a tester on this sight so people can listen to it .
 I am giving this cd single 4 stars because essentially there is only one remixer doing the work here - it would have been nice to hear another house mix but the Jason Nevins Global Club Mix -LRB- 8:07 -RRB- is still worth it . The original is more in line with Taylor Dayne 's `` I 'll Be Your Shelter '' - which I still feel like Anastacia still sounds like a lot . It is more rock in vibe and that is carried onto the remixes by Jason Nevins . The Mixshow mix -LRB- 5:35 -RRB- and Global Radio Edit -LRB- 4:16 -RRB- are great but the full length mix is only available here on the US cd single . The house mix keeps the guitars going through the more club friendly beat and that is good . Still no major radio play for this song but debuted at number one dance sales and a really huge pop hit around Europe and the rest of the world . Just wishing there were more remixes to hear and play . Still better than most dance records .
 I played this record and boy , this song is off the wall . The original is way better than the club mix , but the club mix is good to , actually it 's between good and way better . Played this song for 2 hours and danced to it . I may have lost few pounds from it . Give this song a try it 's not a waste of money . I swear on it .
 I 've been a fan of Anastacia ever since I heard `` One Day In Your Life . '' So it 's good to finally hear something new from her!Although she 's had moderate State-side success , she 's a smash in Europe , having 3 hit albums , and a bunch of Top 10 hits.The new single `` Left Outside Alone '' is the first single from the upcoming self-titled album -LRB- which I heard will be out in the US this July -RRB- . This song features the co-writing and production of Dallas Austin and Glen Ballard , giving it a rock , guitar driven power song . Anastacia 's voice glides through this song . Some of the lyrics are a bit trite , but the chorus makes up for what the verses lack.Can ' t wait to hear the new album !!!!
 Ann odd assortment of songs and impressions . There is one stand out , the utterely incredibly edifying and majikal Necromancing the Cunning linguist by Gene Loves Jezebel -LRB- Who are a Triple X records band I beleieve ? -RRB- . It 's truly bewitching and I for one am intrigued . There 's something ELSE going on here and I want to learn more . The rest of the CD is insignifigant in this company but not without charm .
 I bought this CD after seeing the band open for the Cranberries and I was more than impressed . This is an incredible rock/alt band with a very unique style . They are melodic enough to hit radio but they have a sound that is so refreshing . I recommend this CD to anyone who loves Train , Jimmy Eat World , old school Pearl Jam , Counting Crows or Blind Melon .
 I was n't expecting a lot out of Son of Adam , and did n't know much about them . A friend of mine lent me this CD and I was blown away . I could n't believe I had n't heard of them , although they are n't local here . In Detroit , I 'd probablly know them . My favourite songs on this CD are `` Ashley '' and `` Crush , '' which are very well written songs , although every track is good . If you like guitar-driven but catchy rock music , I ca n't recomend this CD enough .
 This is probably one of the greatest albums I have ever heard . From ` Come Out To Play ' to ` The Band Played Waltzing Matilda ' , the time flies by as you are treated to fantastic singing and musicianship of originals and covers . Every song has its place and gives you a story and feeling that encapsulates you and evokes emotions of all ranges . It starts with ` Come Out To Play ' which tells you to do just that - do n't just sit there , get out there and have fun . ` Claire To Here ' adds a touch of Irish and the poignant ` Friendly Soul ' is a touching tribute to his departed sister . ` Holiday Spirit ' takes you through the holidays in one song and is both uplifting and sorrowful at the same time . ` Vale of Avoca ' is actually by Danny 's father and leads into ` Piano In The Morning ' which is a tribute to his father . The album finishes with ` The Band Played Waltzing Matilda ' which I think is his greatest cover song ever . I do n't think he has ever done a better album , but when you hit a grand slam off the first pitch of your first at-bat , it is very hard to top .
 The legendary Mandy Patinkin plus the incredible Patti LuPone . Its only a shame that we 've been deprived of the complete recording .
 Evita is easily one of my Favorite musicals . Madonna was a better Evita then I thought she would be , but Patti Lupone was amazing as Evita . Her vioce is great !!
 This is an excellent recording if you do n't want to spend the money on the full set . However , the full set IS worth the money , and is highly recommended . As far as the recorded songs go the selections on this album are superb , and if for whatever reason you decide to go with the highlights album , Patti LuPone will not displease.The previous poster , however , is absolutely incorrect about the London Cast CD . Elaine Paige is by far the best Evita ever recorded , and that album is worth every penny . It 's a shame they never put the full musical from the London cast , because that would be the definitive recording to own . But it does n't exist , and the London Cast highlights album is the only one available with Ms. Paige . This recording only gets 4 stars because the Ms LuPone simply is not as absolutely stunning as Ms Paige , and hers is the definitive Evita.And do n't even mention the pop singer 's name in the company of those two superstars .
 If you like Bossa Nova and Sergio Mendes , DONT ' T HESITATE to get this CD ! It is very comprehensive with all the most beautiful songs in one package . The recording is excellent - clear , warm and dynamic . Forget about all the other albums - trust me . Enjoy !
 This album is one of the best compilation of Sergio Mendes music.It brings back a lot of memories , beautifully . A sure must for collectors .
 back to a time of innocence ! Where yesteryears problems seemed so small compared to todays unstable economy and a possible Islamic terrorist lurking in every airport . We felt so removed from Vietnam and the Cold War Era , comfortable in our suburban middle class homes . This disc will intoxicate you like a fruity tropical concoction sipped on a palm tree lined white sand beach , with a balmy warm wind blowing . Bossa aficianado Sergio Mendes linked up with Herb Alpert , shortly after the formation of Brasil 65 ; becoming a staple of the newly formed A&M Records label . Mendes popularized Bossa Nova all over the world during the late sixties . Everything on this 16 track disc is safely melodic , no jam sessions here ! He takes familiar pop tunes and dresses them with light percussion , a dash of brass and strings as needed . The vocal arrangements are laid back but distinct , sensualy soothing . As a matter of fact Alpert 's wife , Lani Hall was a co-vocalist on a nationwide tour with Brasil 66 . Songs of Lennon/McCartney , Cole Porter , Paul Simom , Michel Legrand , among others take on a fresh light airy feel . Mendes pays homage to his early mentor , Bossa king Antonio Carlos Jobim , with a definitive version , in my opinion of `` Wave '' . Believe me ! Bottle this up and place it in a `` time capsule '' !
 This great music . It is wonderful to have the old music re-issued on such a pristine format . What a fabulous way to bring out music from the 60 's
 You heard the Mas Que Nada rap version ? ... and thought
 Essentially , Mendes captures the best of the oddly complex , yet deceptively simple , emotions of the 60 's with his Latin tones and international rhythms . `` Scarborough Fair '' , for example , never sounded better -- with all due respect to the original duo , of course . `` The Look of Love '' is another track that touches chords of heart and song that could be woven into the sound track of any movie and complement romantic images of the trash and truth of a New York City street scene -LRB- anyone of a million already out there or being dreamed up as this is being written -RRB- , or create an uneasy current of sweet underscoring as the ironic sadness of a jungle war scene swayed to Armstrong 's `` What a Wonderful World '' in `` Good Morning , Viet Nam ! `` Unfortunately , the Broadway and Beatles bits , and some of the other basic stuff Sergio does , can stay trapped in the dust-covered sound systems of those ancient , smokey-smelling elevators , no?No matter . Mendes can still draw magic from the emotional memory . May still do so for many more years to come . Enjoy then and now , and everything between , with a little of this `` Essential Mendes '' magic .
 Another excellent cd from Dave Cousins , Dave Lambert and Chas Cronk . If you have seen them live recently you will definetly enjoy this cd . If you are into electric Strawbs you will also enjoy this recording . I have seen the Strawbs 6 times in the last 3 years in NY and I can not get enough of them because of their musicanship . One of my favorite tracks is Cold Steel by Dave Lambert and another great track is The Antique Suite which is truly fantastic . The entire cd was recorded in California and is wonderful . Please check them out when the Strawbs come to your town .
 Painted Sky is one of those albums best appreciated if you are already familiar with the songs in their originally recorded style . When I was a much younger man , the Strawbs were one of the more unusual and interesting groups on the scene . I liked them a lot then and in recent years have come back to them amazed to discover a latter-day outpouring of new recordings and a renewed vigor in the band 's repertoire.This particular album features acoustic renderings of songs spanning the band 's career . David Cousins and company are famous for covering their songs from many angles so when you get a Strawbs album and see the title of a seemingly familiar song , you may be surprised to discover its not the version you expected . And so it is on Painted Sky.Though I would n't say this album merits five stars , there is still much to like . My favorites are an almost religious take on Oh How She Changed , Shine On Silver Sun , Benedictus , Midnight Sun , Cold Steel -LRB- featuring some fine banjo work -RRB- , If , and the guitar sequences at the beginning of Autumn.With nearly an hour 's worth of acoustic bliss , Painted Sky is an album that belongs in every Strawbs fan 's collection . Get it while it is still available .
 Finally on CD and available on import in the US , Hurrah 's `` Tell God I 'm Here '' was originally released by Arista Records . The band was particularly unusual in that the two guitarists and the bass player all were singer/songwriters in their own right
 Hurrah is a band that really could have hit the big time . Their album , Tell God I 'm Here , is so good that they should have hit the big time . I wish they would have . Even today this music sounds fresh and invigorating ; it 's an excellent album with memorable hooks and great musicianship .
 When this album was released back in the ` real ' indie period of 1980 's much was expected of Hurrah ! Or atleast much was expected by the British Music Press . The album kicks off with an absolute pearler in `` I Would If I Could '' This track already emphasises the new harder sound plus takes in the `` we 're talented and damn good songwriters but sure not to fit in with the rest of the dross '' maxim . Indeed this is the theme of the album . Though Hurrah 's guitars were held high with pride , the songs on this album always seem to be a paean to the futility of life . Other highlights are `` Sweet Sanity '' and the wonderful `` If Love Could Kill '' , the latter by coincidence being written at a time when the H.I.V virus was constantly the news story . Overall this is probably Hurrah ! at their peak . However it was sad that their earlier more jangly sound had been replaced by what later was to be -LRB- on the following album `` The Beautiful '' -RRB- compromising and over production of sound .
 Hurrah are one of those bands that history has pretty much forgotten . This is a shame , this is a very good album , nothing earth shaking , but better than most of what is out there now , or in the 80s when it was issued.The sound is pretty much a straightforward 80s pop/rock sound , lots of jangly guitars , very catchy melodies and great guitar hooks . They also have some nice harmonizing , with two very competent singers.Nothing much more to say , except that I was happy to find this in my CD collection and to give it another listen . If you are a fan of British music of the 80s like Prefab Sprout and the Housemartins , you should give this album a listen .
 The album I GOT WHAT IT TAKES features Jacynthe 's multi-lingualabilities , where she sings in 3 languages . A Pop/Dance interpretationof the track `` Pi&ugrave; Bella Cosa '' -LRB- originally recorded by Italian superstar Eros Ramazotti -RRB- , is outstanding , as is the current single 's re-make of KC and The Sunshine Band 's `` Give It Up '' . Six original songs are also included , composed and produced by Michael A. and Paul Galati , who offer Jacynthe commercially flavored grooves . Her Japan release has already sold over 50,000 albums in just 8 weeks ! A sure tribute to Artist talent and record label support . Jacynthe is about to ink a deal with the large European record label Edel for the world , where by Jacynthe 's next album will be produced in Sweden by the Backstreet Boys production team , with new tracks written by Desmond Child -LRB- `` Livin ' La Vida Loca '' Ricky Martin , etc. -RRB- . If talent , personality , and beauty are the components by which success is measured , then there 's no question - Jacynthe 's got what it takes !
 Her voice is beautiful , sometimes powerful , but always magical . This woman has the goods.Very highly recommended .
 There are n't words enough to express my love for Music 's Multi-talented Ms. Janet Jackson . This CD is one of her Top and Best to date . The gritty `` You Ai n't Right '' -LRB- Stupied B *** h ! -RRB- , the fun and dance `` All For You '' , the pumping heart of `` C'mon Get Up '' to `` Trust A Try '' , and favorites `` Does n't Really Matter '' , `` Son Of A Gun '' , and `` Someone To Be My Lover '' . The CD is jam packed with hits . And with the Bonus Track `` Who '' ... . the icing on the cake . BUY THIS CD ! You wo n't be sorry .
 I read about this band years ago in some indie music mag and finally found this disc used at a local cd shop recently . I ca n't say a single track disappointed . I do n't know much about this band and like the mysterious group , Southpacific , this looks to be Monaural 's only release . This is a really nicely produced set of tracks with a consistent , smokey , instrumental dub sound throughout . Kind of a hybrid of live and electronic instrumentation , this album is reminiscent of a more dubby Tortoise , similar to the first Tortoise release , but more adventurous perhaps , at one point , breaking out into a very original sounding drum n ' bass workout , only to land on its feet again and proceed with the mid-tempo pacing again . This is in no way generic or vacant sounding like some chill-out/dub music can be . There 's a lot of heart and soul throughout , from start to finish . A highly reccomended rarity !
 I 've been an enormous fan of Yoko Kanno for over a decade now and just now bought my first Escaflowne soundtrack ! I own the show and am familiar with the music , but decided to buy the third one first to get past some of the more listened-to background music . This works with most OSTs for anime and Escaflowne is no exception , these songs are wonderful and most are full length 3-4 minute songs . This is a sound track for any real anime/Kanno fan out there .
 In my opinion , Escaflowne has the best soundtrack set of any animated series ; all of the Escaflowne soundtracks are amazing and you would n't be disappointed if you had only one to choose from . That being said , this one is my personal favorite as it contains what I consider two of the most beautiful songs in the entire series -LRB- `` Farewell '' and `` Arcadia '' -RRB- plus a couple of performances from Maaya Sakamoto -LRB- whose voice is also divine -RRB- . If you can get your hands on a copy , I strongly suggest getting this one . And while you 're at it , check out other works composed by Yoko Kanno - she 's simply amazing .
 Firstly , Escaflowne is a great classic anime , and one of my personal favorites . The visuals are a bit dated -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , but what made the show was the plot , the world , and the audio ! 2nd , All of the Escaflowne CDs are incredible . Especially lovers only -LRB- a ` best of ' for the series -RRB- , and the movie soundtrack . This is all due to the work of Yoko Kanno -LRB- Cowboy bebop , darker than black , Macross , RahXephon , among other greats -RRB- . Escaflowne may be my favorite of all her work , but everything she touches turns to gold.Lastly , the CD Info , because it is often hard to find the correct information : The Vision of Escaflowne OST 3Yoko Kanno19961 Short Notice2 Arcadia3 Epistle4 Farewell5 Aoi Hitomi6 Perfect World7 I Recomment Instincts8 Scrappy9 Shrilly10 Revenge11 Illusion12 Blaze13 Fatal14 Hikari No Naka E15 Again
 One of the greatest Ellington 's solloists can hardly be adequatly presented on a single cd , and that 's the main reason why I give only four stars to this collection of romantic but swinging music.Could the choice of the great alto-sax player 's tracks have been better?Probably , but there are more than enough top class performances on this CD , so anyone interested in learning what Johnny Hodges was all about - in Ellington 's band and in smaller groups - is well advised to purchase this edition .
 There is nothing bad I can say about Fela , there really is n't . The man was a cultural and political phenomenon inspiring countless amounts of fellow Africans to take a stand . Think in the terms of Bob Marley , but do I dare to say Fela was more important ? Uh , yes . -LRB- Meanwhile , I just made the entire faux post-hippie movement choke on their bong smoke -RRB- . `` Music Is The Weapon '' prooves to be the perfect title for Fela 's ` best of ' songs . He fought soley with art and became so powerful at it that he opened and performed religiously at his own night club , using it as a politcal pulpit . After gaining international acclaim , Fela was eventually gunned down after a concert so he could be kept quiet , only to survive and continue his fight . Parallels could be noted about Marley , however , Nigeria had more urgent problems than Jamaica.Fela was a versatile musican , not only did he sing and write his own compositions , he played keyboards and saxaphone while directing his band and singers . Many people compare him as Africa 's James Brown because the music uncontestedly FUNKY . It is a fair agreement . JB is the Godfather of Soul and Fela is the Godfather of Afrobeat , although Fela is much active in his human rights awareness . And smarter , seeing that James Brown endorsed Richard Nixon.In whole , this collection is a great starting point for getting into this truely one-of-a-kind artist . It acts as a ` greatest hits ' despite the two problems I have with this release :1 - It does not highlight the broad range of music and time eras Fela recorded in , but remember , the music selections are by no means poor examples of greatness and originality .2 - Many of the track selections are only parts or edits of the full-length versions , but keep in mind that some of these ` edited ' versions are still 8-14 minutes long . If they were not cut , we would be looking at half an hour jams right up there with electric Miles Davis funkiness . `` Music Is The Weapon '' also contains a third disc that documents Fela 's musical life and political beliefs on DVD while displaying live performances and interviews with the man himself . Fela 's mission was to make you aware while making you dance , both in a gracefully artistic manner.I suggest researching the life of Fela . In turn , the music will make more sense to us living in western society .
 Fela is a genius of his time and most likely any time . This set , that includes a dvd will not only document why , but also give you listening , that will explain why he is one of the greatest musical artists of the 20th century.One of my best friends turned me on to Fela back when I was too stupid to realize the music . By chance , I heard a Fela song again while working at UofM 's radio station and since then I collected all of his works.This is a quality and complete collection of his best and what makes it the BEST is the dvd.GET THIS NOW ... RIGHT NOW !
 After the release of the full lenth album , `` The Texas-Jerusalem Crossroads '' I just had to check out this cd ! You can tell by listening to this cd that Lift to Experience is going to keep showing off originallity by thier next album -LRB- I sure hope so -RRB- because even though the album had so much new sounds in it , you 'd think thier sound wo n't change much on the next album . Anyway , this single is a must buy for any Lift to Experience fan -LRB- which should be everyone on the planet -RRB- . Features a new version of a song from thier first E.P. , `` With The World Behind '' , and a complete rerecorded verion of `` Falling From Cloud 9 '' with a NEW ending that will leave you in puddles of tears . You can watch the video to `` These Are The Days '' on a computer , and boy is it freakishly wierd !! Do n't let this one pass you buy if you collect cd singles -LRB- giggle -RRB- . And if you do , BUY THE ALBUM !
 This compilation should actually be named as the above title as the album consists of 4 hits from Communards . All are gems . With the superb digitally remastered sound , this CD deserves 6 stars .
 As someone who does n't listen to country music , I find myself tapping my toe and singing along with all three of the songs . I must say , I 'm a fan of Bomshel !
 I absolutely loved this CD . I play it and play it and play it . Bomshel Stomp is such a fun song and really great to listen to on the way to work to get me pumped up for the day . Highly recommended .
 this is a great duet ive seen them twice and plan to see them again this next year there disk is great and am looking forwerd to there albom
 HOW AWESOME - I CERTAINLY HOPE THEY DO MORE , I SAW THEY AT A CONCERT AND WAS TOTALLY BLOWN AWAY AND WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND THIS CD TO LISTEN TO AND SHARE WITH MY FIREND , I BOUGHT THREE OF THEM !
 The songs are great to lsten to , I wish they would release a full CD.Maybe they will read this and send me one , LOL ... If one does get released , I will buy a copy . .
 this cd is amazing it is full of quirks and ambiguity . If this cd is par for what they have done to date then we are all in for one hell of a ride . the stamina of 3 mile pilot but the heart of a lion . i left it on repeat for 6 hours while i slept and woke up feeling like a new man .
 Heard We Will Not Forget on the radio so I thought I would pick it up ! What a great compilation of songs . I do alot of driving so I buy many compilation cd 's and tapes because I do n't have time to do it myself -LRB- or I 'm just too lazy ! -RRB- . This CD has one great song after another . So if your feeling patriotic THIS IS THE DISC for you !! I checked out the label web site also , they have all the lyrics and artist Bios ... great information . I 'm a country fan so it was a great surprise to find 2 songs on this disc sung by Buddy Jewel that I just saw on TV for the Nashville Star contest !! Good job Frog & Scorpion I ca n't wait for the next one !
 Well , a review of this material by me is probably unfair , but I am one of the writers that has a song on this CD and will remain anonymous . Originally ... I was a bit skeptical , when asked to be a part of this CD , my luck so far with music compilation ventures has been extremely unrewarding ... to say the least ! But when I put this album on my CD player and pushed number ONE , and then number TWO and so on and so on !! Boy , I was pleased as punch and so very proud to be a part of this assemblage of writers and artists of this caliber !! THANK YOU LORD for letting my song arrive on the doorsteps of Frog & Scorpion Records thru the listing at Taxi ! And thank you to all the other songwriters , producers and singers on this project , I hope my song is as good as the rest that appear on this album ...
 cheeks grove is the hook on this cd . chico has that groovy back beat and always a top notch band ... worth a listen BIG DADDY
 For a long time , the only available copies of this were at least $ 40-50 . I 'm happy that I managed to get this for just under $ 10 after tax and shipping ! Also , although the CD looks a bit used , it was in almost-new condition , and plays perfectly . : -RRB-
 One of the most wonderful jazz CD 's I 've purchased in the last few years . Ms. McRae takes the genius of Monk , removes the edginess without detracting from the spirit of the music , and rolls out knock-out after knock-out . I would n't have thought it possible , frankly . The supporting quartet is terrific . I ca n't imagine any true jazz lover being disappointed in this CD .
 All compositions by master Thelonious Monk . It is a very risky operation to write and to interpret lyrics to songs which have become jazz classic standards . Musicians usually do not believe in vocal renditions of jazz standards just because those performances or lyrics do not add quite anything to the originals . However here you have lyrics by the master Jon Hendricks and a surprising Mike Ferro
 Of the singers I have heard attempting to sing Monk 's challenging music Carmen McRae is by far the most honest and intelligent , her lyrics leave the others wanting . Her stylisations are by far the most accurate according to Thelonious ' exacting requirements and Carmen is obviously enraptured by Thelonious . Her tribute to this genius of bebop is an exceptional example of responsible design .
 We know the feel of Monk . When we walk down a rainy 1 am night , scatting Monk standards , we know the feel of Monk . Mcrae makes those doos and das into lyrics without changing the sentiment we had all along . And with ole ' George on bass , bringing up the bottom along with Mcrae , well , two stars just for the names . Great songs , great interpretation , great album - - NV
 If I could give 10 stars to this album , I would . I 've had this album for a number of years and I must say that Carmen McRae brings Monk into a new light . Her lyrics are as unforgettable as Thelonius Monk 's tunes are . It 's hard to imagine that could ever be true , but it is . I 've always thought that if Monk were alive , he would have felt very honored to have had Carmen McRae lend her interpretations to his music in exactly the way that she has on this album .
 wow - one of the best cds i own . 1st heard it on wwoz in NO , thought i was dreaming , monk tune with lyrics ! bought it next day -LRB- as a cutout no less ! -RRB- this cd has it all . the music is of course fantastic , monks sprit is evident , and ms mccrae is one of the best vocalists ive ever heard . but be warned ! you will never hear any of the included monk tunes again in the same way . the lyrics are in my opinion are great , and very fitting to the tunes , but will stick so far in your brain that listening to any version after will be hard to enjoy without recalling the lyrics from this set . you will never hear Ruby my Dear again without thinking to `` hold back that tear '' . trust on this . a ten in my book ! enjoy
 Backed by a phenomenal group and boasting great arrangements , Carmen sings with great emotion and creativity the words penned by several great lyricists to Monk 's music . It seems so natural , you will swear that this is the way Monk intended for his music to be heard . The soloists consistently turn in emotional performances which naturally build and relax , as soloists should . This is not flat , mental playing . You will never hear these Monk compositions the same way again . This album really opened up Monk 's music for me and is one of the most prized CDs in my collection .
 Noone delivered a lyric better than Carmen and no singer understood Monk as well . Instrumental work and recording quality are also excellent . If you think the Great Songbook recordings ended with Ella , think again .
 I agree with most of the others this is a great album , one of my favorites of all time . What makes it great ? Miss Carmen , Monk 's tunes , lyrics by Jon Hendricks , Abbey Lincoln et al. , musicians at the top of their game -LRB- George Mraz , Clifford Jordan , Charlie Rouse , Al Foster to name a few -RRB- , a feel for Monk 's playfulness , his edged sentimentality , and his joy . Miss McCrea and the musicians `` get '' Monk and let us in on it . We understand Monk in new ways and perhaps for the first time on a vocal album . McCrea is a musician herself not only because she scats here , but even when she is using words she shows us the emotion and meaning in the music . Her voice is as expressive as Monk 's piano , Sonny Rollins ' sax , or Miles 's horn . Her playful interaction with the other musicians on both the live and studio cuts is part of the charm and greatness of this album . One of my favorite non-Thelonius albums of Monk tunes .
 Wow !!! Now here is the Carmen McRae disc to get if you just select one . I love the Penguin Guide to jazz but they missed the mark -LRB- badly -RRB- as they sometimes do . Disregard what anyone tells you . Go directly to Allmusic and get the straight dope on this brilliant and wonderful date . Each player a giant on their instrument . Sublime . A certain must get for `` authentic '' jazz hounds . Particularly at these prices 4-6-11 . 5 additional versions and takes as well -LRB- unlike when i was in my mid twenties -RRB- . Masterful and deeply rewarding .
 Carmen McRae and the lyricists perform magic matching words to Monk 's tunes . Great instrumentalists , too . It 's a beautiful thing !
 Carmen Mcrae is majestic ! If you enjoy jazz at any level , this CD is a must buy . Carmen Mcrae IS the beat !! Incredible voice ! She sings right into your soul!Classy & Elegant !
 What a great combination ! A great singer singing the songs of the greatest jazz composer . And she 's got the whole thing down . This is the pinnacle of Carmen 's great career , with some of the greatest jazz tunes ever written as her material .
 Carmen Sings Monk is a sensitive album brilliantly executed . The instrumentals are superb . The lyrics are perfect for Monk tunes . This album SWINGS . Carmen ROCKS . Monk is smiling .
 This and Carmen McRae Sings the Great American Songbook -LRB- live -RRB- are superb renditions of her talent and my favourites . This CD features all classics from Monk with excellent instrumental support from her team ... great sax , wonderfully `` still '' performances vocally -LRB- the GAS CD is different as it is a live recording in which Ms McRae * really * digs the grooves in her unique way with Joe Pass -RRB- . I just wish this CD -LRB- and the other one -RRB- was on SACD . If you enjoy Monk 's tunes -LRB- who does not -RRB- and A - grade mature jazz vocals , this is a CD to play repeatedly -LRB- and it is a truly ridiculously cheap price for such a good album -RRB- . I also very strongly recommend the GAS CD with this to see the singer 's `` live '' side .
 I believe all or most of these are re-recorded tracks so if you are looking for the original , ` Come and Get Your Love ' , for instance , it is not here!Track List1 . Come and Get Your Love2 . The Witch Queen of New Orleans3 . Maggie4 . Suzi Girl5 . Wovoka6 . We Were All Wounded At Wounded Knee7 . Crazy Mama8 . Fais Do Do9 . But It 's Alright10 . One More Time11 . Poison Ivy12 . Lay A Little Lovin ' On Me
 Lots of hooks , lots of fills , lots of guts and soul and all kinds of stuff . . This is a must for driving , cooking , dancing , working , just feeling alive . One of those rare cd 's with no bad tracks.Buy it .
 This is my favorite album this year . Although folks are calling it a `` concept '' album , I prefer to think of it a a rock opera wedged somewhere between Sgt Peppers and Eldorado . My 16 year old daughter and I are currently fighting about which song is the best , but we love them all .
 My type of electro ! Keith Tenniswood of Two Lone Swordsmen fame demonstrates his solo credibility here with his superb debut album.Combining breaks and beats with smooth , simple melodies , Tenniswood brings all that is good about electro music together.What made the songs on here even better are the beautiful electronic , ambient , pulsating and shimmering walls of sound Tenniswood creates behind his songs . Fans of Two Lone Swordsmen will know what I 'm talking about , and Tenniswood uses this skill to great effect on this album.An excellent , consistent electro , breakbeat album , with strong hints of electronica and IDM . One of the best electronic albums of the past few years .
 this was it , this was the record that got me into electronic music , nothing but straight up awesome beats and synth . not really much else to say . i have n't really delved into Electro so I could n't really hold it to the standard of other electro artists .
 This is an album track for What 's Wrong with Alice PLUS three very enjoyable live tracks.What 's wrong with Alice Live - GREAT ! I like this version with heavier guitar better than the album version.Teenage Electric - Excellent ! 67 seems to rely more on guitar in their live shows . This is one that would have been interesting to hear as a studio track.Steve Malkmus is a ... - this one confuses me a little . Shannon begins speaking French and then rolls out about the band Pavement . I do n't know anything about them . Decent song , catchy , but I do n't get it - maybe if I knew more about Pavement ? Ida know.All in all , if you like this band or if you want to try something out , this is a great CD - mine came from ebay and was fairly reasonable and I was glad I purchased it . This CD is almost 10 years old now and I 'm sorry that this band did n't get more play/recognition , because I think they could have been huge .
 this is one of those jams that just has Flavor written all over it.the coolness & Simplicity of it is what makes it so cool.anytime I hear it I always got ta get my step on .
 ` Solo ' is just Danny and a guitar , exactly like you would hear him if you caught a live performance . I 've seen many of his live shows over the years and this is the closest you can get to a live album without it being a live album . About the only thing he does n't do is talk to you between the songs . This is an excellent collection of songs once again showcasing his vast knowledge of music and his incredible talent . The originals , ` She 's Still In Paris ' , ` Old Friend ' , ` Tony , Johnny , Jimmy , and Me ' , and a rerecorded ` Friendly Soul ' , have all become fan favorites . The mix of American folk and Irish folk expose some of the depth of his musical roots as well as the range of his voice and skill with a guitar . A must have for every fan and , after one listen , you will be a fan .
 Ok ... so this EP only has 5 songs on it . SO WHAT ? The songs are great -LRB- as usual -RRB- . I must say these songs are a bit more mellow . The first track `` Crashing the Afterglow '' has an infectious rhythm to it . It 's slow , but gradually gets loud and rockin ' by the end . It reminds me of their other song `` Crazymaker -LRB- I 'm Still in Love With Your Eyes -RRB- '' which is one of my favorites . Do n't be discouraged to by this CD just because of its limited amount of tracks !
 Three songs from this make my all-time playlist , so it 's a buy , but ... what 's with the cover ? Underage girl nudists ??
 Once again , Versus is able to capture the very essence of what indie-music is about . In the `` Afterglow '' ep , the band proves their competency in their ability to write unforgettable songs . This proves that you just ca n't buy any old Fender Mustang Guitar , vintage Twin-Reverb Amp , or analog delay pedal and expect to be a musician . Versus proves that they are real muscians .
 `` afterglow '' is just another example of fine craftsmanship and pure pop hook laden melodies.i personally find versus one of the most inspiring bands i 've ever heard . go see them live , you wo n't be dissapointed
 Si eres un fan de Los Angeles Azules como soy yo , tienes que comprar este disco . El disco tiene un sonido maravilloso . La unica cancion que no me gusta es `` Tu primer beso '' porque suena como una cancion de los sesentas no es una cancion mala nada mas me parece como una cambia extrana.If you 're a fan of Los Angeles Azules like I am , you have to buy this disc . The disc has a great sound . The only song that I do n't like is '' Tu primer beso '' because it sounds like a song from the sixties , it 's not a bad song it just sounds like a weird cumbia if you ask me .
 If there is one version of the Emperor you must listen to - it is Michelangeli 's . What a pity that he was no longer alive when I started my first piano lesson ! Having played and compared his version -LRB- the first movement 's cascading chords are out-of-this-world -RRB- versus many others - Gilels , Ax , Kissin , Perahia , Ashkenazy ... . his is by far the closest to what I imagine Beethoven would have liked his No. 5 to sound like . It is such a shame that we do not have more formal recordings of this elusive genius .
 And I thought Furtwangler/Fischer could not be surpassed . Gilels/Ludwig are left wanting . This recording - amazingly clear for ' 61 - is a true sleeper , I 've never seen it mentioned before ! The trills are immediately transporting , you are swept into a strongly symbiotic re-creation of the -LRB- much-abused -RRB- Beethoven masterpiece . The third movement is a brilliant , lucid conversation between the orchestra -LRB- della RAI Roma -RRB- and Benedetti , at times furious and screaming italians destroying the room then suddenly in respectful prayer . All these qualities are constantly at the service of the piece , illustrating Beethoven 's twists and turns with enlightening clarity.superlative recommendation .
 Skitzo is a great group who succeeds in paying the music that they want to play without conforming to `` what sells '' . They are always playing on tour , catch them if you can , they are great live too !!
 Great band and grab this cd if your unaware like I was of them . I am from the late 80 's early 90 's hardcore / punk scene and still look for new bands that may be carrying the torch and they definitely fit the mold . It 's fast , heartfelt and it jams . You will not be disappointed .
 this cd is perfect for people who love quality music . The songs are sharp , clear , and original in sound . i wan to say that I found the cd by luck . I am happy I found it and am waiting for the next cd . i usually do n't buy cds , buy recommend this cd to all !
 I 've been following desvio since 97 ' when they release their first song wich was `` en mis brazos '' and this album it 's a worth buy fans of moenia or depeche mode will love this album although desvio has a unique sound unlike other bands . My favorite tracks on this album are Si Me Dejas & No Mas this tracks are very dancey but definetely I loved the whole album . . also if you liked this band check other bands like moenia , OBK , Santuario , Cetu Javu.C.C
 Musica electronica Extraordinario , el nuevo golpe de Los Angeles!Este disco contiene sonidos del alma ! Hay musica para todo sentidos aqui
 Young , Fresh and Strong Talent here ! From start to finish this album carries lots of energy . Tracks `` En Mis Brazos '' & `` Si Me Dejas '' are guaranteed hits . Whether you appreciate musica latina and/or enjoy good music you can not go wrong with this album . I am anticipating these melodies to hit the clubs and car tunes soon !
 It 's been a long time since I 've heard an album with each track being better than the next . The first single I heard `` en mis brazos '' , blew me away . Then I heard the rest , and it was enough to get me excited for whatever else they have coming in the future . If your a fan of depeche mode , you will definitely enjoy this album . However , they are unique in their own way . So if you like the spanish electronic scene , buy this album !! You will not regret it .
 Jim Peterik is the former `` Survivor '' musician that was a main writer of their successful music in the 80 's . This CD is no exception . He continues with the AOR style of rock anthems & power ballads which are very well written . The musicians on this CD match his style perfectly . If you are a fan of Survivor , Pride Of Lions , Mecca or Journey then you will love this CD .
 As the songs have been discussed in other reviews and I agree with most of them I 'll be brief.With 40 + years of writing , performing , producing and entertaining the world stage , Jim P. proves his vast abilities and explores the deep riches of his talent on this album.There is a plethora of meaningful lyrics , abundant hooks , and the execution that only a master of his field could produce . To say he wrote the book on songwriting would be an accurate statement as , well , HE DID . -LRB- `` Songwriting For Dummies '' -RRB- Any fans of beautifully constructed , thoughtful and meticulously crafted songs will be giddy with the selections on `` Above The Storm '' . Kudos to Larry Millas and the array of talent assembled for this project.Please Jim , keep pouring out your soul to your devoted fans and long live The Ides of March.RC McWilliams
 Above the storm is truly a masterpiece.Some Days I ca n't get the song Live Life out of my head . Burning with a reason is a little funky with an great rock guitar one of my favoriates on the CD.Above the storm is a great tendar ballad.In the days we have has such a powerful message . I get the sense Jim is a bit of a spiritual person on this record . I for one welcome that . I love the female vocal & that song.Stand & be counted is in the same vein as days it is a great powerful pop rock song.At this moment of Night is a good pop song with a bit of a duet a tice touch . It is even a little funky pretty cool.A Kiss to Remember is another ballad that makes me think each time I say goodbye to my wife before heading out.The God in You is another nice pop song.Secrets of a woman is a neat change of pace and a knod to the Ides of March side with the horns . That song has grown on me lately.A talent for Loving you anothr nice balad.Hiding from Yourself is something I could expect on a Survivor record . Great rock heavy guitar with melody my favoriate on the CD.Midnight in my Soul is a great closer very powerful with that Survivor feel.NOT A BAD SONG ON THIS CD > This CD is like a roller coaster in a good way you rock dance funk slow down rock pray a little pop slow & finally rock . All in all a fun ride ca n't wait to get in line to ride again . I 'm waiting on the 2 Pride of Lions Cds now.I hope it gets released in the US so it can be enjoyed by more people . That may take the record co pinheads to decide to stop feeding us processed stuff .
 Jim Peterik was the mastermind of survivor . If only his voice would be a bitbetter , his solo efforts were the perfect replacement of survivor .
 Above the Storm is Jim Peterik 's first solo album in thirty years . While Jim Peterik and the World Stage in 2000 was sort of 80s-rock-star-reunion project , this one is purely the music on his own . Liberated from the bands he loved such as Survivor and Pride of Lions , he sounds mature and refined.LIVE LIFE and BURNING WITH A REASON are straight-rock stuff showing well of midwestern American rock . ABOVE THE STORM is the nicely structured ballad that should be the candidate for Record of the Year . IN THE DAYS WE HAVE excellently shows his low-toned voice appeal . STAND AND BE COUNTED is a nice rock anthem which should be aired extensively . AT THIS TIME OF NIGHT is well-hooked tune while SECRET OF A WOMAN lets go brass-featured rock aptly . HIDING FROM YOURSELF I think is the best track of this album with its message well-written and touching our heart.Verdict
 One of my best Aida on DVD.Only one regret production incomplete should be reproduce in full .
 I 've liked Soul Coughing for a while now . I first heard them on the X-files soundtrack . Over time , I became more familiar with the band 's music . When I heard that soul coughing released lust in phaze , I thought that was a great idea since I did not own any of their albums so I figured that Lust in Phaze would provide a good introduction to the band . After buying and listening to the album . Lust in Phaze covers soul coughing 's career from Ruby Vroom to El oso . It also includes unreleased songs like Casiotone Nation peformed live . There is also the song from unmarked helicopters from Songs in the Key of X.Overall , the album provides a really great history of a band that should have been given more attention for its great music .
 Soul Coughing was certainly one of the best and most unique bands to come about ever -LRB- in my opinion , of course . -RRB- But this `` best of cd '' is lacking . There is only one song not previously released to the public on here , which can easily be found however . Of course , being the fan I am , I purchased the cd immediately upon learning of its release . The cd booklet is the most interesting part of this album , wherein one will learn a great many amusing and surprising things about the band and the songs on this album from M.Doughty himself . -LRB- And I thought I knew it all ! -RRB- If you are a long time SC fan , but are low on cash , do n't worry , as you are n't missing much . I do n't quite understand why this cd was released , unless to simply fulfill contractual obligations . All in all , though , anything by the band is highly recommended from this reviewer .
 is n't batman and robin a rubbish movie ? no really , does n't it just feel like one long explosion ?? maybe it was at this stage that i started to move away from mainstream cinema -LRB- bear with me here , i 'm going somewhere with this -RRB- . anyway , the only thing i can remember from it was the feeling that i had to pick up the soundtrack just to get my hands on underworld 's 10 minute techno slab ` moaner ' . also there -LRB- buried on the movie , i think , under the sound of revving motorbike engines -RRB- is a track by soul coughing called ` the bug ' . my first introduction , enough to get me hooked.three albums later and they chose to call it a day . now i have those albums and picked this up mainly for ` unmarked helicopters ' , my decision . best ofs are a funny thing though , and it sometimes feels that releasing one after three albums is a rip off . what separates this one from a run-of-the-mill ` hits ' effort is the tracks chosen for it , since in the main i think they 've done an excellent job . album by album then ... debut ` ruby vroom ' is represented well , though i would have ditched ` janine ' and ` true dreams ' in favour of ` supra genius ' and ` uh zoom zip ' -LRB- doughty almost rapping at one stage -RRB- . for those of you who question his prowess as a lyricist -LRB- and i doubt anyone reading this does -RRB- , witness the bile he injects into ` screenwriter 's blues ' . as caustic a monument to the lure of stardom as you could wish for - you will NEVER hear the word `` fly '' pronounced with more venom ` irrestistable bliss ' is probably my fave sc album . was amazed and gratified by the presence of ` super bonbon ' and ` soundtrack to mary ' , tracks which are almost too good for a best of . would have swapped ` the idiot kings ' for ` how many cans ? ' , if only to hear mr doughty sing `` fire '' . ` el oso ' . heresy perhaps , but i never rated ` circles ' -LRB- the liner notes would suggest it was a throwaway ` hit ' to get the record company off their backs -RRB- - swap for the haunting ` incumbent ' . good to see the presence of ` rolling ' and ' $ 300 ' -LRB- see comments on ` super bonbon ' above -RRB- , and thank god too for the absence of ` so far ... ' . i mean its got an acoustic guitar in it , which makes it ideal ` best of ' material , right?so there you have it . call it almost or nearly -LRB- those words are probably a microcosm of the band 's career -RRB- the perfect best of . also could have done without a completely superfluous remix , though good to hear the live version of ` casiotone nation ' . a poor substitute for being there perhaps , but them 's the breaks .
 Buy this CD as an introduction to a well kept secret in the music world . The music is very mature , creative , and never boring . The lyrics thought provoking , the music hypnotic at times . Great rhythems and bass lines . One can ; t help but make some comparisons the Dave Matthews Band , mostly their non radio material .
 Bought it for 4 songs for a video . Worked out great ! .
 A Soul Coughing retrospective that includes some unreleased tracks , as well as tracks heard on other compilations -LRB- Unmarked Helicopters , for one -RRB- . Mike Doughty includes excellent liner notes in the form of track-by-track `` behind the song '' type stories . It 's so good to hear some of the best SC work on one disc ... a definite must-have for all Soul Coughing fans , as well as a good intro for all of those who are unfamiliar with their work .
 Yes , it would be nice to see a 2-disc set , but when a band only releases three albums , you take what you can get . The selections on the album are the ones I 'd make -LRB- though I 'd trade `` Down to This '' for `` Janine '' , I do n't think I 'm in the majority -RRB- , and M. Doughty 's liner notes are worth the price of the album as it stands . Yeah , die-hards probably have heard all of this before ... but it 's still worth investing in .
 Soul Coughing was a fantastic band . I was lucky enough to see them live twice , and both experiences were unique and exhilarating . When I heard of this compilation , my ears pricked up , but the tracklisting left me a bit disappointed . What 's good about it is that it divides the honest , heartfelt and poppy side of SC with the wacky , rap-spoken-poetry cartoony side relatively equally . What is n't good is that , given that the demographic for this CD is hard-core fans , I would have appreciated a more expansive retrospective . If you 're aiming a release at die hard fans of a defunct band , how about 2 discs , huh?My main complaint of this disc comes near the end , encompassing the `` El Oso '' and B-Side selections . `` St. Louise '' is possibly the weakest song on `` El Oso '' , and compared with the sexy groove of `` Fully Retractable '' and the frantic `` Blame '' and `` Monster Man '' , the choice is quite a head-scratcher . The B-Sides , mostly available on other recordings , are spectacularly disappointing . The X-Files inspired `` Unmarked Helicopters '' remains available on the soundtrack for that show , which I already own -LRB- remember , die hard fans -RRB- . The last two tracks , a remix of a song already found on the disc and a live track , are great but awfully lonely considering the fact that they are two of only four extra tracks.Rhino Records could have taken a hint from Smashing Pumpkins , releasing a limited edition 2 disc set full of extras and whatnot , but this one disc release is likely all we 'll hear from Soul Coughing from now on . For a band as capable and with such a wide variety of sounds as Soul Coughing , more could have only been better . If there is an expanded version released someday , you can count on that last star being filled with yellow pixels , too.To be fair , I thoroughly enjoyed reading through the explanations of each song , written by lyricist Mike Doughty , and discussing the track selection and sequence while I listened was fun , too . The liner notes mention Doughty 's battle with substance addiction numerous times , and I 'd like to point out that it 's going to be very hard kicking Soul Coughing . Another disc would have been a nice methadone stopgap , though .
 Few bands are as criminally overlooked as Soul Coughing , but in their short career they managed to craft some brilliantly fractured pop that went sadly unnoticed by mainstream listeners . Paving the way for like-minded bands like Cake and the Bloodhound Gang , Soul Coughing was the beat poetry antidote to the heavy-handed grunge that was clogging the airwaves when they first arrived in 1994 . The six tracks from their first album are some of the best songs in the band 's canon , showing what an impressive impact they made with a simple formula . Samples from old 78s , Warner Bros. cartoons , and answering machines created a moody backdrop for the jazzy rhythm section and M. Doughty 's cigarette-scarred croon , resulting in charming gems like `` True Dreams of Wichita . '' Featuring their biggest single -LRB- `` Super Bon Bon '' -RRB- , the tracks from Irresistible Bliss are marked by a maturity in their songwriting and much broader soundscapes crafted by the band . The beautiful `` Idiot Kings '' receives its much-deserved place among the more popular tracks , although leaving off `` Soft Serve '' is ridiculous when a useless B-side like the Propellerheads ' remix of `` Super Bon Bon '' makes the cut . The very best tracks from their final release , El Oso , are represented in possibly the best track picks on the whole album . Sonically experimental and bordering on electronica at times , these songs show a maturity that was sadly cut short by the demise of the band . A few key tracks are missing -LRB- `` Is Chicago Not Chicago '' is inexplicably left off -RRB- and the B-sides are mostly filler -LRB- with the exception of the gorgeous `` Unmarked Helicopters '' -RRB- , making for a few complaints from longtime fans . http://www.methodshop.com/mp3/ But to anyone looking to discover the sound of Soul Coughing , there is no better source than Lust in Phaze , an album that manages to capture the band 's hipster charm and cool soundscapes while also featuring the variety of material they were capable of .
 I bought the Soul Coughing 's LUST IN PHAZE being only familiar with a couple of the bands ' `` radio-friendly '' tunes such as `` Super Bon Bon '' and `` Circles '' . Curious to hear more I dived right into this compilation and nearly 80 minutes later was convinced that this was one of the most wildly inventive and original bands to be born from the mid-1990 's alternative music explosion . Lead soul Mike Doughty is one of the most unique lyricists to come along in quite some time , weaving his strange tales of unusual characters and happenings in an infectious rap/spoken-word singing style that oftentimes rasps like a veteran chain-smoker 's . He 's backed up by three talented musicians which , over the course of LUST , taps into various music genres from jazz-fusion to drum & bass to twisted loops of cartoon soundtracks . The icing on the cake is a great live number placed at the end called `` Casiotone Nation '' which whips the audience up in a call-and-response chorus chant while the band brews a wicked groove.Informative song-by-song notation by Doughty is filled with interesting tidbits about the meanings behind the tunes , as well as some insight as to why , after only three albums , the band imploded . LUST is an excellent comp for a band who deserved greater success and recognition .
 Very talented writers and musicians . This is a good CD to purchase as an introduction to Soul Coughing .
 OK , so Soul Coughing only did 3 discs and they get a 20-track best of ? Well , 16 of the tracks are from the 3 records , and all we get apart from that are a murky live track , a mediocre Propellerheads remix , and a couple of tracks released for other things -LRB- the X-files , for example , although the great Soul Coughing track 16 Horses for the X-files movie is excluded from this release for some reason -RRB- . So , like , if the album material was n't as hot as it is , this record would get much lower marks . But it is . Soul Coughing was one of the most unique and interesting bands of the entire 1990s , and this is a good assortment of their work . Wisely , the bulk of the material is taken from Ruby Vroom -LRB- about half the album , actually -RRB- , with less tracks coming from the more inconsistent drum-n-bass-heavy finale El Oso.If you already have the band 's three studio releases , it 's completely unnecessary except for the song-by-song liner notes and recollections by frontman M. Doughty , which are remarkably frank . -LRB- Doughty will tell you , for example , which drugs he was taking at the time that are directly responsible for such and such a song 's lyrics . -RRB- If you do n't have their records , you should probably get them , but if you 're more of a casual fan and do n't want to shell out for three discs than this is a pretty good selection of their best cuts , and worth picking up .
 I 've been listening to Soul Coughing religiously for years now and was thrilled when this disc was released -LRB- even though I knew I 'd have almost all the material on it -RRB- . Although all the songs here are well worthy of being here , I feel there are some songs missing that need to be here . Where are `` Fully Retractable '' and `` I Miss the Girl '' , two of the funkiest Soul Coughing tracks ? I am very pleased , however , that `` Unmarked Hellicopters '' was put on here despite not being on a precious Soul Coughing release . All in all this is a great disc , and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good overwiew of soul coughing 's music . However , I 'm sure other die hard soul coughing fans will agree that there are some great tunes missing from this disc .
 I agree with the other reviewers that this is some of the finest contemporary acoustic blues made . Amundson is a Northwest blues player that has established a solid reputation in Europe . Make sense that blues is certainly an international scene . Good disc .
 This is one of the finest modern acoustic blues CD 's I haveheard in a long time . Monti 's vocals and guitar playing areoutstanding . The CD has 13 tracks and there 's not a bad onein the bunch . Check out the 5 sample cuts on Amazon , They are the best advertisement for this great CD .
 This may be my favorite Blubinos CD yet , I love the acousticness -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- of it . It is a nice contrast to The Mean Eighteen - another all time favorite of mine and highly recommended also .
 This is a must have CD . Although fully acoustic this disc offers a lot of bluessatisfaction due to the great sound and ofcourse the great playing of all the musicians involved , and also I must mention that Monti 's singing is very good . Acoustic playing never gets dull when Monti handles and squeezes the strings . All tracks sucks !!
 This is a great album including pop and some rock elements , combined with a sweet recognizable voice . Each song has its special thing and the duets harmonize in every way . The origin is no doubt the Spanish linguistic zone , but at no time there is too much of Spanish guitars or any other clich&eacute; . Short , this is an intelligent mixture.Towards the end there is a fantastic increase which I had not expected . The sound is harder , guitars are more dominant . There are two additional tracks , which are worth buying the full album.Ultimately the collaboration with Francesco Sondelli is something special , what means that Shery is able to convince in Italian language , even if only for one song.Hopefully we hear more of this special Guatemalan singer . This is not a CD for one 's time is needed
 You will love Shery 's debut album ! I have been stuck on it for weeks now . The songs grow on you so naturally , and her voice is just mesmerizing ! Very original and emotional . Totally recommmend it !
 If angels sang , they would probably sing like this girl . Her voice is so passionate , mellow , lively and warm that you will think you are in heaven . Shery 's `` El amor es un fantasma '' -LRB- Love is a Ghost -RRB- is a collection of fantastic , melodic love / breakup songs in Spanish . A songwriter and producer from Guatemala , Shery will simply delight your senses with songs such as `` Me converti en roca '' , `` Nos desgarramos el alma '' , `` El amor es un fantasma '' , `` El suspiro '' and `` Muerteamor '' . It does n't matter if you do n't understand or speak Spanish . Her voice will go directly to your soul . And she will make you feel in love .
 Antes de escuchar este disco supe que seria bueno , pero para mi grata sorpresa resulto mas bien espectacular
 Scottish-born singer/songwriter Jim Diamond is that RAREST of finds : a singer/songwriter who is just SOOO GOOD that when you hear him you want to climb up the nearest rooftop and shout his praises to every passerby who has not had the sheer JOY of hearing him ! Jim is sadly almost unknown now here in the U.S. , but overseas his bright star has never dimmed , especially among his peers and discerning music critics.In the early ' 80 's , he came THIS close to cracking the U.S. market , first with the truly AMAZING group Ph.D , then as a solo artist . With Ph.D , he produced two TRULY CLASSIC songs : `` I Wo n't Let You Down '' and `` Little Susie 's On The Up '' . `` I Wo n't Let You Down '' is -LRB- IMHO -RRB- one of the stellar TOP TEN Pop songs of the ' 80 's . Just LISTEN to Jim 's phrasing here , sheer GENIUS ! When he sings the word `` Woman '' it positively MELTS me every time ! It went on to rightfully become a HUGE European hit for Jim and the band -LRB- Jim also re-recorded it later in his solo career -RRB- . Years later , Tesla recorded `` Little Susie 's On The Up '' -LRB- renaming it simply `` Little Susie '' -RRB- and had a U.S. hit with it , though for MY money , it 's JIM 'S marvelous version with PhD that really SHINES!As a solo artist , Jim also scored two big hits : the lushly romantic `` I Should Have Known Better '' and `` High Ho Silver '' -LRB- the theme to `` Boon '' -RRB- . However , Mtv 's truly CRIMINAL neglect of properly exposing Jim 's excellent music videos with BOTH PhD and solo -LRB- even though the videos were consistently SUPERIOR to most of what Mtv put on heavy rotation -RRB- made it difficult for Jim to effectively crack the U.S. market . As a result , all too many folks in the U.S. LOST the opportunity in the ' 80 's to hear British `` Blue eyed Soul '' at it 's Finest . What an UTTER WASTE!Jim has a voice that deftly blends the best elements of Pop and Soul , bubbling forward with a unique , sweet blend of emotional bravado that is sweeping but never overwrought . It hits the ear like a cool , caressing bleeze right off the ocean , and his four octave range never ceases to amaze me ! The years he tutored under Scotland 's legendary Alexis Korner -LRB- the godfather of British Blues -RRB- have served Jim well.Starting in the ' 60 's , he has worked in a range of musical genres that is almost unheard of with today 's artists , running the gamet from Blues to Soul to Punk and finally Pop . As a result , Jim is an ARTIST 'S artist , creating songs of immense emotional range and style . I seriously ca n't think of another singer who is even remotely like him.This is an EXCELLENT compilation of his solo work , and the reason I gave it only four stars is because it DOES NOT include `` I Wo n't Let You Down '' , which really is his `` signature tune '' and SHOULD have been included here . * Note : do yourself a favour and look closely for the PhD videos on VH1 's Mtv 25th anniversary show for 1 & 5 August . Likely , they will once again make SCANT play of 'em , but they are WELL WORTH watching for , especially `` I Wo n't Let You Down '' which is both hilarious and touching , one of my all-time favourite videos !
 I spent literally years tracking down `` I Should 've Known Better , '' the mid-80s Euro-hit , because I had never learned the singer 's name . When I finally found the album I bought it just for the song , and was not disappointed . The rest of the album is good , but I Should 've Known Better is one of the best pop songs ever recorded .
 THIS CD IS MY FIRST ENCOUNTER WITH RUSSELL GUNN 'S TRUMPET.ITS A NICE SURPRISE . I DO HEAR A NEW TEATMENT HERE FOR `` OLD CHESNUTS '' HE HAS HIS OWN VOICE IN THE INSTRUMENT AND A GREAT FUTURE AHEAD .
 This ablum is what jazz is all about . . it swings , its groovy and you feel the music .
 This is the sound of London 's Sonic Mook Experiment club trying to outscuzz New York and LA and it works exceedingly well . Guitar feedback and perversity but never at the expense of danceability . Imagine Death in Vegas but less dirge-y and with a bit more squelchy electro fun at various tempos . It is unmixed .
 I have been waiting patiently for the follow-up to Daniel Barrett 's `` Shadows '' and this project has been worth the wait . The lyrics are solid and the rhythms move from haunting to jumpin and jivin . This band is going to the top .
 A most excellent follow-up to the EP I 've grown to love , 15 Hours unravelling gives me something to dance to , drive to , and sing along to . Go see them live ! Well worth the price of admission !
 ` Vacant Chair ' is the latest CD by the greatest undiscovered singer / songwriter in America . The collection of songs includes Irish folk , originals , and American folk songs and there is not a bad one in the bunch . ` House of the Rising Sun ' invokes a feeling that Danny is channeling some of the great blues artists of the 20th century , while ` Free Mary -LRB- In Derry -RRB- ' and ` They 're Going Home ' are based on actual events and observations of his annual group tour of Ireland . ` Long Black Veil ' never sounded better , even when sung by the late great Johnny Cash . All of the songs lead up to the traditional ` Parting Glass ' which creates an excellent ending to an excellent CD .
 Danny is someone I used to see at Tommy Makems in New York all the time and I always enjoyed his shows . I have a couple of his early albums and used to tell him when I saw him that he needed to record `` The Town I Loved So Well '' because his live version was the best I had ever heard . When I saw this cd contained that song I ordered it right away . I was not disappointed he did a good job with the song of course it is not the same as in his show but still nice to hear.The rest of the disc is pretty good , not great but solid , he has a great voice and can really play guitar though some of the arrangements were a little over the top.The great thing about Amazon is you can preview the music now before you buy so give this a try it might be just the thing you are looking for .
 I was in the process of getting rid of a few old cds to make room for new ones . This got my attention since i did not play it that much when i first got it . The fact that this has Nguyen Le on guitar sort of sends this to dynamic , electrified and ` swing & be bop '' influenced territory . I know some of Fresu 's work tends to be a bit calm . And although there are contemplative pieces here the ` fast ' ones are the ones that really catch your attention as they are played SO well . Kept my attention all the way through . Eclectic , European ` Ecm - tinged ' and very slight fusion tracings makes for a very interesting and joyful listening experience . Excellent sound too ! Guess i wo n't be selling this one any time soon .
 i had been thinking , `` i really need some new music to get into '' , when a friend from switzerland gave me this cd . he said `` this is the new chet baker ! '' whatever ... these guys cook ! from paolo 's beautiful atmospheric trumpet to anything as funky as medeski , martin & wood do . a new , fresh blend of cool jazz with kick-ass rhythm , great trumpet and electric guitar . get it now !
 Friendly -LRB- aka Andrew Kornweibel -RRB- is from the sunny West Coast of Australia , and this sunshine pours through his happy electronic sounds . Mixed up disco , funk and poppy beats with catchy samples gives a really listenable and lovable sound to his music . MY MOTHER WAS A DEEJAY was his first big club success in Australia , and this CD features 3 remixes of this infectious track - for my money the best dancing track is the Tuff Boogie remix with hard beats under the grooy bass and vocals . However , my favourite track on this single is actually the bonus one
 this cd is worth the price of admission just to hear - cookie dough dynamo on the second cd . I must have laughed my -LSB- bum -RSB- off for 10 straight minutes from listening to this guy talk about cookie dough ... damn , anyways this cd is awesome and i recommend everyone pick it up ... especially fat girls .
 I love the blend of instruments on this album , a simple and pure and strong sound that cuts deep into one 's mindstet , transports the spirit and while holding close to the soul . If you like the more recent albums , you 'll find original explorations here .
 This series , put out by the Jasmine label , is a dream come true for serious Crosby collectors . Here we have all the tunes -LRB- featuring Bing -RRB- from his films made between 1936 and 1939 . Most are direct from the films , as opposed to the studio versions made at the same time . This is the only place you 'll hear the rousing , jazzy version of I 'm An Old Cowhand which features Louis Prima and a young Roy Rogers . Also hear Bing 's astounding , emotional readings of Empty Saddles and Round-Up Lullaby -LRB- those interested in more of Bing 's dreamy , twilight tinged western tunes should consult the album I 'm An Old Cowhand -RRB- . Several of the versions here are superior to their studio counterparts . Bing seemed to let loose a little more when it came to films , as witnessed here on the zany , manic duet , You 're The Top.Those brand new to Crosby would do best to get hold of some studio material first . The quality of these recordings is very high considering the sources , and Jasmine has cleaned them up lovingly , but they are best suited for the initiated . Remember , most of these come directly from film soundtracks , and the audio quality , despite careful transfer to disc , reflects this . If you are new to Bing , why not check out the low priced 4-cd box It 's Easy To Remember , or the higher-end Bing ! His Legendary Years set . A great single disc introduction is Bing Crosby And Jazz Friends.Those of you familiar with Bing and looking for these tunes should rest assured that this is the best , and perhaps ONLY place to get these versions . Also check out volumes 1 and 3 , and expect more to follow . You will not be disappointed .
 There a very good songs from the group in this particular cd diamonds never made a lady is the best , as well as the songs love do n't live here anymore , jet airliner , geronimo 's cadillac I hope this review will help you in selecting a cd from Modern Talking .
 They take the show at any concert even when the Orginales are ther
 estos corridos son para los malandrines de la sierra . y un saludo para todos los de michoacan donde se siembra la mota aya en las sierras michoacanas . y vamons a ver las babies a uruapan , michoacan compa .
 Oistrakh is one of the best violinists of the 20th century , if not the best . This CD has some wonderful selections .
 I have my original LP of Brother Dave , and the CD/DVD 's I bought are just as funny now as they were when I first heard them ! Humor for all the ages , some things may have to be explained to younger folks - his humor is definitely before the age of modern technology . If you like GREAT COMEDIANS you will LOVE BROTHER DAVE !
 Brother Dave proves that comedy does n't age , it only mellows . Loved to listen to Brother Dave on LPs back in the 60s . The CDs make it easy to listen while driving and keeps me laughing preventing me from wanting to play bumper cars with the other morning commuters .
 This CD is awsome ! It has tons of great artists and really good remixed songs . It 's perfect for partys where theres lots of energy and people are dancing . It is targeted for people who enjoy pop music and I 'm surprised that no body has revieved it before ! I had this CD but it was misplaced and I absoloutely loved it although I did get tired of the Eminem remix after a while . The oridginal `` My Name Is '' was soooo much better !
 This CD is awsome ! It has tons of great artists and really good remixed songs . It 's perfect for partys where theres lots of energy and people are dancing . It is targeted for people who enjoy pop music and I 'm surprised that no body has revieved it before ! I had this CD but it was misplaced and I absoloutely loved it although I did get tired of the Eminem remix after a while . The oridginal `` My Name Is '' was soooo much better !
 I think this is a must have album for any dance music fan of any age I love the music and the words are quite catchy and memorable i find myself singing some of these tunes around the house . . ENJOY it 's a no brainer . . Vernon E. Boardman Portsmouth , NH
 If you enjoy Rick Astley you have to own this collection!All of his biggest hits and more . Fantastic Sound . Clearvocals . I lost track of Rick over the years untill I sawthis cd , I am once again a super fan ! A must for everyRick Astley Fan !! Buy it today and you 'll never regreat it !!
 I 've always loved Rick 's sound and vibe . This CD has it all in one place . I play it over and over and over again . I only wished he had done more music . I 'll take what I can get . You will want this CD in your collection .
 Rick Astley is bonafide fantastic ! his sweet tunes sing straight to my heart . This is a timeless classic that we should all own . BUT THIS IMMEDIATELY !!!!
 rick astley 's greatest hits has all the songs from his classic years , -LRB- 1987-1991 -RRB- . never gon na give you up , together foever , it would take a stong strong man , she wants to dance with me , cry for help , and hoplessly are some of rick astley 's classic hits . there are also some good remixes you should check out . ed wilson
 I received this CD about a month ago , and I LOVE it ! I even listen to it on my computer at work . I just love his smooth , but very masculine voice . His selection of songs on the CD is terrific , too . The slower tunes are relaxing and thought provoking while the fast music makes you just want to get up and dance!I 'm in the process of buying another -LRB- obviously , different -RRB- Rick Astley CD on Amazon.com right now !
 Rick Astley had one of the great voices of the late 80 's but has n't been seen on the charts for a long time . This is really to bad because he had one of the best male voices around . Some of the songs have that 80 's beat to them , but it is fun to listen to the range and volume in Astley 's voice . Filled with love songs and nice melodies , this is a must addition to any 80 's collection .
 Rick Astley was never given the credit he deserved , he was certainly one of the better dance-pop artists to come out of the 80 's . He was also very versatile - just listen to his version of `` When I Fall In Love '' , a great cover version . He was certainly a blue-eyed soul singer , I think he rates right up there with Michael McDonald , who he even reminds me of , some . This disc showcases his best and best-loved songs . Highly recommended .
 This is one great CD full of good songs . It amazes me that Celine Dion and Tom Jones have Vegas shows while Rick doesnt . Rick Astley is a very good musician .
 Actually , I have n't heard the CD yet ... I will have to , although , all he 's done is great !
 I think this album is great ! It includes all of Rick 's best and I love it . I do think it 's terrible that his excellent vocal talents did not receive any more attention and that he just faded away in the early 90s . He 's made a comeback , although it 's not very big . But I still consider him to be one of the best singers of all time and this album truly shows off his talent . Check it out !
 The United Kingdom hits collection is better . It has a superior mix of `` My Arms Keep Missing You '' . The American mix goes on aimlessly and interminably for over 6 minutes . The UK mix is a pleasingly concise 3 minutes long . Also , the lackluster cuts , `` Giving Up On Love '' , `` Ai n't Too Proud To Beg '' , and `` When You Gon na '' are left off the UK collection in favor of the excellent `` Body and Soul '' and `` Sleeping '' -LRB- Rick 's recent single that was only released in Germany -RRB- . Also , the UK collection presents all the songs in chronological order , showing Rick 's progression as an artist . The US collection jumbles the songs into a big mess . Rick 's later self-produced music was very different from his initial music with Stock/Aitken/Waterman . To hear these songs jumbled together is jarring .
 Great album . Rick Astley has a voice like no other . All of his hits are on this disc . Although the import version of this album has bonus tracks , it also has single and edited versions of songs that are in their orginial form on this version . This album is a must have for any Rick Astley fan .
 This collection of songs sung by Rick Astley has been a beautiful walk down memory lane . I 've always liked the voice that did n't match the face but for the voice and the selection of songs on the album proved to me to be a winning combination . I rate this greatest hits album as a must have and I was not disappointed . What a joy to listen to and such a great mood setter .
 First of all , I just want to add my 2 cents here ... gosh , what is up with some of these * BITTER * reviewers below ? If you arent an 80 's music fan , please do not post here . grrrr . Anyway , this is an awesome essential rick astley cd . All his US hits are here ... even the ones that didnt get as much radio time such as `` It would take a strong , strong man '' . Great cd . I also suggest Howard Jones greatest cd since I tend to group these solo British artists together .
 Rick Astley , what a dreamy voice . Even though a guy I work with does n't think his voice is low , I think it is arguably SUPER low , and makes me want to get down and dance to his 80 's tunes .
 Another great , strong voice which everyone can enjoy . I wish he would produce more work . I can listen to his songs over and over . Another one of those CD 's I ca n't listen to before bedtime or my brain will be singing all night .
 Yeah ... Never Gon na Give you Up , Never Gon na let you down ... ! Rick Astley 's two Top Chart nos . ` Together Forever ' n ` Never gon na give you up ' are so great that you love to see him sway on the floor dancing if you can ever grab a copy of the video ! He 's got the innocence , the voice and the charms . I have one of Rick 's album n the video tracks but this one 's the Best compilation with a mix of all numbers as I see there on the CD - indeed the Greatest Hits that hit the charts in US & UK . Its so much a soul singing of the UK singer Rick , he is superb with his vocals and all his numbers are musical , touching the heart ! I specially luv ` Together forever ... Never gon na give you up ... Hold me in your arms and Whenver you need somebody . Never Gon na give u up has beautiful words and heart warming and the way he repeats Never gon na give ... never gon na give ... is so lovely to listen - Greatest Hits sure is a pick ! Listen n enjoy !
 1987 was a good year for Rick Astley and producers Stock-Aitken-Waterman , who hit the jackpot with the international hit , `` Never Gon na Give You Up . '' It turned Astley into an overnight star , thanks to the catchy single and his ultra-deep barritone . Platimum records ensued , and people were even so bold as to align him with other , more seasoned , r & b vocalists . The following year , he released his second album , and while it spawned a couple hits , it did n't sell as well as its predecessor . The next year , he severed ties from Stock-Aitken-Waterman , and tried to make it on his own before he faded out of public consciousness . The Rick Astley story is not uncommon , but , at long last , we finally have a hits collection that throws together his hits and some well-known tracks . While I 'm happy to see that `` Together Forever , '' `` Never Gon na Give You Up , '' and `` Take Me to Your Heart '' are here , the big surprise is the appearance of the b-side `` My Arms Keep Missing You . '' This song is dynamite and is one of Rick 's very best songs . Not surprisingly , the strongest songs on this disc are the ones produced by SAW , although `` Cry for Help '' is a pleasant , if unspectacular , ballad . Regardless , this album comes recommended
 Rick Astley made his US debut with a little song by the name of `` Never Gon na Give You Up '' which not only became one of the best pop songs in 1988 but also arguably one of the best pop songs of all time . Combined with the production and writing skills of Stock/Aitken/Waterman , Rick came , Rick sang , Rick conquered the top of US charts with 2 consecutive hits -LRB- `` Never Gon na Give You Up '' and `` Together Forever '' -RRB- and in the process became the first new male artist of the 80s to accomplish such an achievement . This compilation includes all the US singles including all the singles released only in the UK . It 's nice that they have included the mixes of the songs rather than the album version which I 'm sure most of the fans have already in their collection . The bonus track is of course the first track Rick made to be released on the RCA label `` When You Gon na '' . An experimental track at best , it 's a typical 80s production with Lisa Carter on the vocals . I had hoped that some of the B-sides would be included but I 'm satisfied that BMG Heritage decided to do justice to Rick by releasing this collection . Nominated for a Best New Artist Grammy in 1988 , it 's sad that the music industry did not reward Rick for his vocals . So much soul coming from a white man , it 's easy to assume Rick as a black gospel singer . The best tracks are Never Gon na Give You Up , Whenever You Need Somebody , My Arms Keep Missing You , Together Forever , It Would Take A Strong Strong Man , She Wants To Dance With Me , Take Me To Your Heart , Hold Me In Your Arms , Cry For Help & Hopelessly .
 This is the first Rick Astley compilation in the US , and it covers all his chart hits in the US and UK from 1987-1993 . Good , 2002 up-to-date liner notes with chart -LRB- US and UK -RRB- information , photos and solid sound . This is a perfect CD for Astley beginners and fans who want all the hits in one place .
 This is a must for both casual and diehard fans . All of Rick 's best hits are here , and also included are 12 '' mixes of When You Gon na and My Arms Keep Missing You .
 This is a greatest hits with a pretty good amount of hits on it . However not every song on here hit the top 100 , just like some other greatest hits such as Tiffany 's . Although some were n't hits they are still worth listening too . The highlights on this CD are `` Never Gon na Give you Up '' , `` Together Forever '' , `` She Wants To Dance With Me '' , `` Cry For Help '' , and `` Hopelessly '' . This is a great collection for the person just discovering Rick Astley .
 `` The folks at BMG Heritage did a wonderful job assembling Rick Astley 's long-overdue Greatest Hits , for it succeeds in presenting a definitive and complete collection of the 1980s pop sensation 's U.S. and U.K. hits . Not only does this set include all of his singles , it also boasts excellent liner notes , photographs , and chart positions . Included are his American chart-toppers ` Together Forever ' and ` Never Gon na Give You Up , ' the latter arguably one of the 1980s ' most recognizable songs , as well as all of his other Top Ten hits , including the Motown-ish ` It Would Take a Strong , Strong Man , ' ` She Wants to Dance With Me , ' and the 1991 ballad hit ` Cry for Help . ' All of Astley 's U.K. hits are accounted for , including ` When I Fall in Love ' and its non-album B-side , ` My Arms Keep Missing You , ' ` Take Me to Your Heart , ' ` Whenever You Need Somebody , ' and ` Hold Me in Your Arms , ' as well as lesser-known singles such as ` Hopelessly , ' ` Move Right Out , ' ` Giving up on Love , ' and ` The Ones You Love . ' Despite the years and changes in musical trends , the songs on this collection still sound fresh and Astley 's voice always packs a wallop and leaves one with the undeniable impression that he was much more than a passing fad ; he was , in fact , an extremely underrated and timeless talent who should be remembered as much more than simply a late - '80s pop phenomenon . ~ Jose F. Promis , All Music Guide ''
 The quote above is mentioned on the CD cover . This barrel chested singer is one of the bright spots of British music for the eighties . I moves through his hits through early nineties at a great pace . Rick is one of the most underrated songsters in history . I first saw Rick on the British TV show , `` Top Of The Pops ! '' Do not count this CD out ! If you want 80 's -- its spoken here !
 For many years I had been looking for a thorough Rick Astley Greatest Hits package . Finally this one was issued . I think Rick has a great voice , and it is a shame his career has sort of died . I suspect he was written off as a Dance/Pop Teen Idol and was never really taken seriously . But I think his voice is every bit as good as Josh Groban , and he should seriously pursue the kind of career that Josh Groban is having . I loved Rick 's updeat dance tunes , but the ballads like `` Cry for Help '' and `` Hopelessly '' showed his true vocal prowess . I also like some of his songs that did not perform as well here in the states such as `` The Ones You Love '' and his remake of `` Ai n't Too Proud to Beg '' . All of his hits are here , the big ones and the not so big ones . I recommend this CD highly .
 I loved his voice when he first came out ... and I was overseas for three years during the late 1980 's so I was priviliged to hear what was being released on both sides of the ocean for a time . His voice -LRB- very rich and soulful -RRB- and his selection of songs he recorded was a refreshing breath of fresh air to me then , and I am pleased to report that they still are !! His music is a pleasant mix of very soulful and `` real '' songs as well as dance selections that are very lively ... His music makes you glad to be alive , puts a smile on your face , and makes you want to dance ... I just got this CD delivered yesterday and my 19yr . old and 15yr . old daughters have `` discovered '' -LRB- LOL -RRB- his music and I am pleased to know that he is one artist we all actually agree on !! One daughter , my 19yr . old , actually wants to borrow the CD for this weekend . This is a great `` starter '' CD for those who are not really familiar with him ... but it is also a great CD for those who love his music because of the mix of all of his chart hits from both sides of the ocean . Whether you listen to him regularly or have n't heard him in a while -LRB- but have great memories of his music -RRB- ... trust me , he is BETTER than you remember him being and this CD will remind you of why you loved him and his music so much all those years ago !
 This cd reveals the extent to which Jaspar was an integral part of the so-called `` cool '' movement , albeit from Paris . The arrangements on these sides often rival those of Shorty Rogers ' of the same time as well as the historic `` Birth of The Cool '' sessions with Miles Davis . Obscure ? Perhaps , or perhaps not ; essential listening nonetheless , very much part of the picture .
 The Lucksmiths are n't so much underrated as overlooked . They are a terrific indie pop trio from Australia , with shades of twee and chamber mixed in with a biting sense of humor , and a deft way with puns . The above writer is dead on -- their jump is straight out of the Housemartins , their self-conscious melancholy Belle and Sebastian -- but the more I listen , the less I think these guys belong in anyone 's shadow . This disc is a wee bit inconistent , but between it and Happy Secret , maybe ten utter gems . Somebody -LRB- a US label , Spin , someone -RRB- needs to get on this -- these guys are fabulous .
 The Australian indie pop trio hits it again , this time dressing up their sometimes-spare guitar , bass , and drums with gorgeous string arrangements on songs like `` Great Dividing Range '' and `` Year of Driving Languorously '' . The songwriters , bass player Mark Monnone and guitarist Marty Donald -LRB- with one track , `` First Cousin '' , composed by drummer/singer Tali White -RRB- use witty simplicity to cover topics from pre-breakup -LRB- `` Self-Preservation '' -RRB- to post-breakup -LRB- `` All the recipes '' -RRB- to unemployment -LRB- `` How to Tie a tie '' -RRB- . Everyday themes and experiences are elevated to the transcendent with the Lucksmiths ' signature wordplay , dry wit , and catchy jangly melodies . The cognoscenti will appreciate subtleties such as `` Fear of Rollercoasters '' ' use of amusement-park phobia as a metaphor for that rush of fear when embarking on a new romance . All in all , another lovely album from the Lucksmiths , which does n't surprise me at all .
 Similar to other releases from the Lucksmiths , this is just pure fun . Think of the Housemartins meeting Belle and Sebastian , and you get the basic idea . What 's not to like?Unlike many bands these days , as the Lucksmiths have matured , I think they 've improved considerably . Each new disk has the same somewhat soft-spoken -LRB- although in no way melancholic -RRB- vocals and lyrical fun as previous releases , but what 's been added each time is a more well-crafted sense for what makes a catchy melody -LRB- as opposed to just an interesting one -RRB- . Maybe that makes them lean too much toward `` pop '' for some true indie fans , but you absolutely can not help but like this infectious collection of songs.If you ever find yourself switching between one somber , introspective low-fi disk to another and wanting to `` spice '' up your collection with something truly original and FUN for a change , you owe it to yourself to give this a shot .
 Luckily , the US label that released this single here in the States included John Norman vs. Killerloop 's Remix of Eternal Flames . John Norman and Killerloop are scorching up european dance floors . This single is a chance for non-import buyers to experience the hottest future trance sound from Europe so go get it ! The b-side is nice and the other remixes are listenable but nothing special .
 Hypertrophy is back with a vengeance . After hitting the top of the charts with their smash `` Beautiful Day , '' this duo is shooting for # 1 again with `` Eternal Flames . '' Gone is the pizzicato/bell sound of their previous hit , and instead , we are hit full-force with the hottest beats in future trance . Special remixes by Junior Vasquez , Olav Basoski , JB Norman vs. Killerloop , and the group itself make this CD definitely worth it . Also check out the B-side `` Party People '' which is an awesome song as well .
 HYPERTROPHY IS BACK WITH ETERNAL FLAMES ! THIS CD MAXI-SINGLE IS HOT LIKE FIRE ! WITH HOT REMIXES AND AWESOME TECHNO/HOUSE/TRANCE BEATS THAT WILL KEEP YOU ROLLING AND DANCING FOR HOURS ! YOU WILL WANT TO FOLLOW HYPERTROPHY 'S MUSIC AFTER THIS SINGLE . ALSO CHECK OUT `` BEAUTIFUL DAY '' `` PULL OVER '' AND `` JUST COME BACK TO ME '' . HYPERTROPHY IS HERE AND ENTERING THE MILLENIUM AND THE CLUB SCENE ! CA N'T WAIT FOR THEIR FULL-LENGTH ALBUM !
 Not a lot of amazing less known bands get to put out a DVD , but Braid 's Killing A Camera is top notch . It is one of those music docs that makes you aspire to the top of music , if you 're a musician as I am . I never got to see Braid , but this DVD documents their story and their last 5 shows in Champaign , Milwaukee and Chicago . The Metro is a famous club , and Jeff Buckley recorded his DVD live in Chicago there . I saw Our Lady Peace in their prime during the `` Spiritual Machines '' tour when Mike Turner was sill in the band . Anyways , if you like rock and solid emo/alternaive rock , then you should fall in love with Braid . This gives a great glimpse into their world , and it gives you a TON of live concert footage . It also includes a 2004 documentary about where their lives have gone 5 years after the break up . Braid was a rock pioneer , and this is a great tribute to their legacy that still inspires today .
 This Dvd is amazing . Braid is rock at its finest . If you get a chance you must see them on their reunion tour . The extras are hands down the best on any live dvd I have seen . This knocked the Impossibles Never Say Goodbye Dvd out of my player finally .
 This is a great Euroversion of funky jazz-flavored electronic chill-out music .
 If you are familiar with Dinah Shore 's hits of the 1940 's on RCA and Columbia , this album may come as a surprise . Dinah Shore the band singer here is replaced by Dinah the jazz inspired song stylist . As Previn says in his liner notes , she is `` a gas . '' Some of the numbers are accompanied by piano only , the rest adding a subtle bass and drums . Throughout , Dinah is extremely communicative , with superb technique that preserves a beautiful tone even at the softest volumes . It wo n't make you throw out your Billie Holiday records , but it is tremendously engaging nevertheless . Previn 's playing , especially on the 11 tracks of the original LP , is highly persuasive , justifying his ranking as one of the top jazz artists of that era . He is brilliant at framing the entirety of a song , with a stong sense of its structure and high points . Dinah writes in her album notes that she would almost forget to come in from enjoying Previn 's work , and one is tempted to believe her . The four bonus tracks are enjoyable , but the strongest work is on the original album . The sound engineering for the most part is excellent , a tribute to the marvels CD restorers are capable of nowadays . I would recommend this album to all Dinah Shore fans , of whom I am one , and also to the jazz afficianado who enjoys this period and is looking for something a little different .
 Andre Previn is a master at bringing out the absolute best in vocalists . He teamed with Kiri TeKanawa and produced the masterpiece `` Crossroads '' . In 1959 , he teamed with Dinah Shore and again triumphed with this classic . Each ballad brings out Dinah 's tenderness , sincerity and voice quality . Andre 's song selection , like Crossroads , is spectacular.No heavy brassy orchestration , voice-overs , track swapping here ... just Dinah , a piano , base , and guitar . The recording session clarity is also marvelous . If you have never heard Dinah Shore -- the vocalist ----- you are in for a wonderful treat ...
 With just a piano to accompany her , the voice America loved shows all its warmth . Dinah 's phrasing is suberb and this is a great collection of ever-popular songs .
 The other reviewers here are quite right . This is a must selection for anyone who loves MUSIC , but it is a must most of all because of Dinah 's poignant and unsurpassed rendition of `` I 'll Be Seeing You . ''
 Dinah Sings , Previn Plays features Dinah singing her heart out with Andr&eacute; Previn on the piano . Dinah Shore performed as a big band singer doing classic versions of love songs and more ; but she never shied away from a challenge ! These jazzy renditions of timeless songs highlight Dinah 's versatility as a top notch performer ; and this album also showcases Andr&eacute; Previn 's singular ability to use the piano to convey every emotion of every number faultlessly . They made a wise choice to tone down the rest of the musical arrangements . Dinah and Andr&eacute; did n't need too much help ! `` The Man I Love '' starts the CD with Dinah cooing ; this makes an auspicious beginning for this song set ! Andr&eacute; plays piano perfectly ; his presence is clear but in his own way he shares the spotlight with Dinah and neither one of them ever drowns out the other . `` April In Paris '' shines like silver and gold when Dinah Shore sings this with Andr&eacute; Previn at the piano . Dinah and Andr&eacute; truly complement each other 's artistry to perfection ! Dinah 's excellent diction made her a superior singer ; she stood out from the `` celebrities '' that too often crowded just any old stage somewhere . `` That Old Feeling '' gets the royal treatment and a slow tempo to make this a most romantic number ; I always liked this tune and `` That Old Feeling '' has Dinah never sounding better ! Andr&eacute; plays wonderfully and the percussion adds even more elegance to this timeless love song . `` That Old Feeling '' is a major highlight of this album . `` My Melancholy Baby '' features Dinah and Andr&eacute; continuing to make some very special magic ; Dinah and Andr&eacute; shared their incredible sense of timing to tweak this ballad just a bit in order to put their own stamp on it -- very creative ! In addition , I really like `` My Funny Valentine ; '' `` My Funny Valentine '' has been done by many artists but when Dinah and Previn perform it they make it sound fresh , beautiful and even intoxicating . `` It Had To Be You '' is absolutely lovely ; and there 's another hit when Dinah and Andr&eacute; perform `` I 'll Be Seeing You '' with passion . `` I 'll Be Seeing You '' charms me every time I hear it ; I think Dinah captures a certain extra something that enables her version of this song to sound better than almost all of the other versions I 've heard.We also get four bonus tracks that were not on the original 1959 record album -- great ! `` Like Someone In Love '' boasts a fine arrangement ; and there 's another hit when they perform `` Stars Fell On Alabama . '' `` Stars Fell On Alabama '' does n't have the exact same sound as the first eleven tracks from the record album but it 's a charmer . `` While We 're Young '' highlights the importance of living life to its fullest while we are able to do so ; this shall always be true.I do n't think that Dinah Shore is remembered the way she really should be for her contributions to the arts ; but hopefully with CDs like this one more people will become interested in her artistry . Dinah Shore proved again her talent as a superb chanteuse with this album ; and Andr&eacute; Previn 's piano playing never ceases to amaze me because it always sounds so sensitive and emotional without being syrupy . I highly recommend this album for fans of Dinah Shore and Andr&eacute; Previn ; and people who like classic pop vocals with a jazzy , creative twist will enjoy this very much as well .
 CHICAGO TRIBUNERECORDINGS ` Portrait of an Artist ' ; ` Legacy of an Artist ` Arnold Jacobs , tuba ; various other musicians and Chicago Symphony Orchestra -LRB- Summit Records , two separate CDs -RRB- John von Rhein , Chicago Tribune Music CriticPublished January 12 , 2007Arnold Jacobs served as principal tuba of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra for 44 years , retiring in 1988 , 10 years before his death . Revered as a peerless artist , inspiring teacher and wise mentor to generations of orchestral wind and brass players , he was an integral part of the special tradition of brass playing that has made the CSO world-famous . Indeed , it is often said that with trumpeter Adolph Herseth on the top and Jacobs at the bottom of the CSO brass choir , its playing could not have been anything less than perfect.Summit has gathered on a pair of discs a detailed aural biography of Jacobs that pays loving tribute to a great musician of whom conductor Josef Krips once exclaimed , `` My God , he plays the tuba like it was a violin ! '' The tracks include private recordings from Jacobs ' home studio and tuba solos from various CSO recordings to chamber and orchestral works that spotlight Jacobs ' extraordinary musicianship and virtuosity . These are interspersed with bits of pedagogical and human wisdom Jacobs passed on to his many students . -LRB- `` Become a singer in your brain '' is a typical example . -RRB- Listen to Jacobs playing Richard Strauss ' Horn Concerto No. 1 on the tuba , in a live 1962 performance with wind band accompaniment , and you would swear no hornplayer could do it better . Or be astounded by how brilliantly he could articulate the manic Gypsy flourishes of Monti 's `` Czardas , '' just like the Heifetzes to whom Krips compared him . The booklets include informative essays ; a respectful appreciation by Gene Pokorny , Jacobs ' successor at the CSO ; encomia by other Chicago musicians ; a bibliography and discography . A classy `` time capsule '' indeed.I can not imagine an orchestral musician who will not learn from and be moved by the words and wisdom packed onto these CDs , but there is much here to commend them to ordinary music lovers as well .
 Arnold Jacobs was , and still remains the model for all modern tuba/low brass players . His breathing theory and extensive work in the science of moving air is presented in the book ALSO SPRACH ARNOLD JACOBS , compiled by Bruce Nelson . The music and the ` mini ' - lessons on the CD are priceless . Solos played in my own childhood are included , plus orchestral examples . One fine recording .
 Arnold Jacobs is one of the legendary tubists of all time . Anyone studying brass instruments has heard of him and his playing in the legendary Chicago Symphony low brass section . I never got to hear him play in person and luckily there are two CDs that keep his playing alive for future generations .
 TRACKS :1 . Soul Shake -- Delaney & Bonnie2 . All Right Now -- Free3 . Deeper & Deeper -- Freda Payne4 . Do n't You Care -- The Buckinghams5 . Neanderthal Man -- Hotlegs6 . Do n't Play That Song -- Aretha Franklin7 . Everything 's Tuesday -- Chairmen Of The Board8 . Candida -- Dawn9 . My Boyfriend 's Back -- The Angels10 . -LRB- I Know -RRB- I 'm Losing You -- Rare Earth
 If I could only own a single album of Miss Christy 's , this would be it.It is the personification of vocal intimacy and superb handling of a melodic line that other female vocalists can only envy but never achieve.There is not a throwaway song on this CD . You will never again hear these songs sung so wondrously and creatively.People like Miss Christy should never die . They should never grow old . Their perfection should live forever on more than just vinyl or CD .
 How great that Capitol continues to release CD 's from the June Christy catalog with bonus tracks ! They seem to be doing an annual release and this was the one from 2006 . June sounds just great on `` The Intimate Miss Christy '' with low key , stripped down arrangements and a real focus on that captivating voice . Added is a non-album single from 1960 - two tracks I 've never heard before . There are just a few more albums left that are n't out on CD yet . Let 's hope Capitol releases them this year and next to complete her catalog . Thanks , Capitol Jazz !
 I never owned a Christy album until ten years ago , when I was 56 , but I remember reading Hugh Hefner 's famous magazine in the late ' 50 's , which had great record reviews , especially of jazz artists . Those critics always rated June highly . According to the liner notes on this late work from 1963 , not all music writers did . I 've purchased four of her reissues in the past decade , and all have been quite satsifying . This one covers both finding love and losing it , with superb accompaniment by Bud Shank on flute , Al Viola on guitar , Jonah Jones on trumpet , Teddy Brannon at the piano , and Don Bagley on bass . The instruments are subtle but add a great deal to the mood . Miss Christy 's career basically lasted from 1945-65 , when changing tastes and her alcoholism led Capitol Records to drop her . This mellow offering , however , demonstrates that even when commercial success deserted her , she still had a way with great songs . She was kind of infamous for finding obscure songs , actually , that did not quite rise to the heights that those who qualified for the `` Great American Songbook '' achieved . She liked the lyrics , or the writers , and would be the only major jazz singer doing those . But on this project , most of the songs are well known
 Al Viola -LRB- acoustic guitar -RRB- , Don Bagley -LRB- acoustic bass -RRB- on songs 1 through 12 . With guest appearances by Bud Shank -LRB- flute -RRB- . Two bonus tracks that complete the recording find Jonah Jones -LRB- trumpet -RRB- and Teddy Brannon -LRB- piano -RRB- with John Brown -LRB- bass -RRB- and George Foster -LRB- drums -RRB- . These two songs were recorded in early 1963 . The balance of the session was recorded in late 1960 . It 's a fairly full program at nearly forty minutes . Mr. Shank has several features -LRB- six or so -RRB- . His features are , as with all the songs , gorgeous . The guitar and bass work are breathtakingly understated , with the guitar playing , in particular , being classical in it 's spare and subtle note selection , phrasing and strumming . Very gently swinging . Perfect accompaniment for the magnificent voice of Ms. Christy . Songs 1 through 12 feature Shank , Viola and Bagley only . The other players are on the bonus material of 13 and 14 only . Wonderful .
 A clarion clear voice from the past - to revel in memories of bygone years . You can not go wrong in adding this to your collection . You will listen to these over and over and again .
 The `` Texas Beach Music '' we have learned to love has returned in it 's full glory with 13 delightful songs ! So good to hear the special sounds of the beach on a live CD . Mike nails it when he says in the opening song `` The name -LRB- band -RRB- has changed but the song remains the same '' . Close your eyes , imagine you are in Margaritaville and take a journey to the Gulf Coast , `` Beach People , Beach Music '' will surely take you for a nostalgic journey . The CD has something for everyone , some Buffett cover songs like Pencil Thin Mustache , some beach favorites and some songs that I had not heard before . There is even a song with a strong Cajun flavor and sailing music for those so inclined . Sunday Morning in New Orleans is a smooth ballad that alone is worth the price of the CD.A great band making beautiful `` Beach '' music for all us Buffett/Parrothead/Island people.Billy Peoples AKA The Old parrothead
 This CD , `` Reef Madness '' , is one of the liveliest , fun albums I 've heard in a while . It reminds me a lot of Jimmy Buffett 's , `` You Had to be There '' CD from 1979 . The band Hanna 's Reef performs several of their own original songs here , as well as a few Buffett cover tunes . Their original music , is catchy , and every bit as good as the cover songs that are on the album.As for the review directly before this one , I do n't think that guy has even heard this CD . He could n't have . First of all , he mentions that the band Hanna 's Reef sounds like a garage band trying to play Buffett . Well , there 's not a whole lot of Buffett here , and what they do cover is excellent . I 've heard that another band out there called `` Key West-the Band '' used to be comprised of several of the members of Hanna 's Reef . Rumor has it that KWTB is so childish that they write reviews of Hanna 's Reef CD 's , -LRB- anonymously -RRB- and put down their album . I do n't know if that 's true or not , but I do n't see how anyone would rate this album a 1 , on a scale of 1-5 . For the record , I do have a copy of the one CD from Key West-the Band that is available here on amazon , called `` Americana '' . It 's really hard to review , since almost all of the songs on it are cover tunes . Why put out an album to sell to the public , if it 's mainly just remakes of songs by other artists?Regardless , this is my review of the Hanna 's Reef album , so I 'll not digress again . This CD has some great tropical stuff on it , including my favorite track , `` Beach People , Beach Music '' . An equally fun song is `` Let the Good Times Roll '' , with a great Cajun beat to it . And the cover of Buffett 's `` One Particular Harbor '' is the best I 've heard by anyone other than the Coral Reefer Band . I saw these guys live at the Shrimp Festival in Gulf Shores in 2002 . They were as good live -LRB- and in person -RRB- as they are on this album !
 This album is like having a party in your CD player ! It is a live CD , recorded at some `` beach bar '' in Texas . I had never heard of this band , Hanna 's Reef , until a recent trip to New Orleans , for a party there . These guys were awesome . They have great original material , and their covers of Jimmy Buffett songs are the best I 've ever heard.If you are in the mood for a fun album , this fits the ticket . About the only `` serious '' song on here is `` Sunday Morning in New Orleans '' . It is excellent . And so is the rest of the album .
 I do n't normally take the time to write reviews , but after reading the one before this one , I just had to . I bought a copy of this album , `` Reef Madness '' , and frankly , I am very pleased with it . I heard Hanna 's Reef in Key West , Florida last November , when they played at the Meeting of the Minds party down there . I was so impressed with their live show that I bought a copy of their album . They do an excellent job on the 4 cover tunes thay have here on the album . But more than that , their original songs are extremely good . They really seem to have captured the `` Texas beach sound '' that they talk about in the liner notes.As for their claim that they are the original members of `` Key West - the band '' , I only have one comment . I saw Key West the band years ago in Pensacola , and it seems like these guys actually are exactly the same ones that were onstage with the band then . Ironically , when I recently saw the band Key West -LRB- in Key West , Florida -RRB- , I did n't recognize a single member except the bass player . I do n't really know what 's going on with that situation , but frankly , I do n't care . I really like this album from Hanna 's Reef , and I ca n't wait to hear their new material.As for the current ensemble of Key West the band , I do n't really care for them too much . They play a lot heavier music now , and they all look like they just got out of jail . I think I 'll pass on them ... next time .
 What a great combination of coastal/western/cajun music this band delivers ! They take you to the beach , New Orleans , and a Texas honky tonk all on one CD . Having seen Key West , The Band , numerous times , it is obvious that the driving forces of that band are now Hanna 's Reef . And it 's all live ... just like being at one of their concerts . Buy the CD , take a mini-vacation while listening , and go see Hanna 's Reef live when you can !
 It 's amazing how these guys can get back together and sound just as they did years ago without missing a beat . It 's so great to have them back together . As I listen to it , I feel like I 'm back at the beach having a great time . So if you want to feel like you 're at the beach when you ca n't be there , get this CD . If you like Jimmy Buffett , you 'll love this CD .
 Like the first words on the CD `` The name has changed , but the song remains the same '' , this band sounds just like the original Key West - The Band . Actually , except for a new bass player & harmonica player , it is the original band ! I had seen Hanna 's Reef play a few times -LRB- once at the venue where the CD was recorded -RRB- before they recorded this CD and it was like hearing from old friends . For only having been reunited for a few months , this band was tight . They picked up right were they left off ! The production crew did a great job capturing the band 's real sound without losing the party athmosphere that breaks out at all Hanna 's Reef shows . The only downside is that there were not more of the `` not quite released '' songs of Jerry Diaz like
 I had the pleasure of receiving the very first pre-production CD of this live album , followed by one of the first production CD 's . Jerry Diaz has done it again , a mix of his own upper Texas Coast music -LRB- sort of Buffet style -RRB- , mixed with a little Buffet and others . It is amazing what these guys put together weeks after the band was formed.Of course part of that success comes from most of these guys playing together in the original Key West the Band . If you ever listened to and liked the original Key West the Band albums , you owe it to yourself to move up a notch.I highly recommend Reef Madness !!
 Those of us who remember the Jags from way back in '79 and '80 have been waiting for this CD for a long time . This `` best of '' CD has every song from both of their albums . If you enjoy spunky , quirky British pop-rock , this album is for you . The tunes sound as fresh today as they did 20 years ago . `` Woman 's World '' and `` The Sound of G-O-O-D-B-Y-E '' are wonderful pop tunes that just never got the airplay that they deserved . Heck , `` Back of My Hand '' alone makes this CD a must have .
 Well , I think it 's excellent ... and I should . I played on it ! Sad that I now have to resort to buying my own albums but hey , it 's worth it ! For those who were displeased at the inclusion of a different version of Back of my Hand , let me explain . Most folk who bought the first album -LRB- Evening Standards -RRB- already had the single so we thought it would be a good idea to give them another recording purely for a bit of variety . Apologies to those who were disapponted . We really did n't foresee both albums in CD format so many years later . The Jags were a truly excellent band perfectly suited to the songwriting talents of Nick Watkinson and John Alder . If you enjoy the album half as much as I do you 'll be delighted you parted with your cash -LRB- and no , I do n't receive royalties on the sales ! -RRB- .
 Unlike other reviewers of the Jags , I only recently found out about this band and their two albums , `` Evening Standard '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- and `` No Tie Like A Present '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . Since both are included complete on this `` two-fer '' CD , it could be called `` All Of '' rather than `` Best Of '' . I 'm always up for checking out a good vintage power pop band , and I 'm glad I found the Jags , even if it was 20 years after the fact . I do have a perspective on this group that I have not seen elsewhere
 This is truly some of the best music of the late 70 's and early 80 's . I was a college student at the time and the Jags were one of my favorite bands . It was an exciting time musically , and these guys were among the best . I do n't know why they were n't huge -LRB- although most of my favorite bands were no major successes -RRB- . This is a long overdue release . I wo n't go on about specific songs , they are all great . That said , I prefer the 2nd album , particulalry Fearing a Tornado , Little Lloyd Wright , Another Town/Another Place , The Train and the Plane and the Cat Stevens cover , Here Comes my Baby . Real Good Stuff !
 In an intimate club setting -LRB- Toad 's Place -RRB- in New Haven , Connecticut one night I saw this collection played in its entirety . How do I know ? No , I did n't take feverish notes of song titles , nor did I snatch their playlist -LRB- although I may have ... memory fades -RRB- . As the band burst onto the stage - quite literally - they tore through all their numbers , including the hit `` Back Of My Hand '' -LRB- with Alexander Harvey Baird drumming his little arse off -RRB- - burst off the stage , then on again for their perfunctory encore . Off again to delirious applause . Second encore ? They had n't planned on one . The audience was roaring now . The band did n't reappear . Foot stomping & beer stein pounding delerium ensued until , sheepishly , Nick & John appeared from backstage , approached the front of the stage , looked at each other , shrugged & apologetically mumbled , `` We do n't know any more songs ... Here 's our hit again ... '' and electrified the crowd with `` Back Of My Hand '' once again . After replaying another from the setlist , they left the stage for a final time to thunderous applause & shouts , diminished only by the club turning up the lights , turning on the club DJ system , and announcements of `` last call '' to the sounds of sighs , shuffling feet & resumed chatter . Now THAT 's the kind of show you do n't see any more . That 's the kind of band The Jags were . That 's what you get on this double CD ... all except for the song `` Dumb Blonde '' which did n't make it to either album ... which is why I gave this 4 instead of 5 stars . If you 're going to release both albums as the `` best of , '' you might as well release `` all of '' since that 's what this amounts to , in effect . Even though `` Back Of My Hand '' and `` Evening Standards '' were the US airplay hits , I loved `` Desert Island Discs '' and `` Woman 's World '' as well , though there 's not a bad song on here . Get this set to see where `` new music '' , `` alternative '' & `` indie '' music were conceived .
 Yes , the version of Back of My Hand is not the original which is very disappointing . There is a different version on the vinyl album , and still another version on the Starry Eyes compilation UK Pop . There is also one 45 RPM B-side that did not make the cut for this CD and that is Dumb Blonde which is also an excellent 80 's Power Pop song ! Other than those issues the CD is GREAT , can better appreciate that 80 's sound with the digital clarity and no Rice Krispies sounds from vinyl !
 I discovered Vyatcheslav Kagan-Paley by accident . And what a wonderful accident that was . Here is a handsome , young Russian soprano singer who has a voice of pure beauty . No words can explain or describe how beautiful his voice is , and what a gift he has given us by releasing this recording.This recording consists of 12 different versions of Ave Maria , from all the different composers , such as
 Richter recorded a mesmerizing Franck Piano Quintet in 1956 with the Bolshoi Theater Quartet , which seems to be available only as an MP3 here . It 's in thin mono sound , but the sense of mystery imparted to the finale is remarkable . I had hoped that Richter would propel this stereo remake from 1986 -LRB- not 1981 as listed in the booklet -RRB- , but by that date the aging Richter could be quite variable . Unfortunately , he 's in a pensive mood , and the two grand movements , the first and last , seem rather passive . Philips ' dull sound does n't help , either . the performance is redeemed by the middle movement , which is played with exquisite poetic feeling . The Borodin Qut . does n't seem veyr energized throughout.The pairing , from 1984 , is Liszt , one of the composers that often finds Richter in incomparable form . Here again he is n't as fiery as his younger self , keeping in a ruminative mood most of the time , but the sense of authority is intact . For me , the Harominies poetiques et religieuses are fake religiosity in Lidzt 's most glib-gloomty manner , but Richter does a lot to turn ersatz profundity into the real thing . the sound is good , and so is the piano , despite buzzy bass notes . Half an hour of Richter 's Liszt , plus one inspired movement of the Franck , justifies a recommendation , but if you do n't mind iffy Soviet sonics , the earlier Franck is a great experience .
 First off , why are there so many reviews of other CDs under this page ? Is this spamming on Amazon ? Is it a bug ? Are these the seeds of the destruction of the Amazon shopping `` experience '' ? I ca n't comment on the Franck because I dont have ways of comparing . I am not a fan of Franck either so ... pardon.But the Liszt , oh the Liszt ... it is nothing short of marvelous . This is Richter in the 80s , a mature artist `` in decline '' , reminds me of Arrau playing the Transcendental Etudes , incidentally on Philips too , another amazing recording . And the sound ... that Philips sound , much like Kocsis ' Liszt too , absolutely awesome . There is a section on the Pensee de Morts where Richter plays with the pedal , the piano reverb is intentional , the melody then raises from that reverb ... I have heard another version of this piece in a recording of Richter from the 1950s and it sounds great but not as thoughtful , a little too intense and rushed for me . But this one ! In general , all three Liszt pieces are worth the weight of this CD in gold . ` Nough said .
 My favorite is the first song from Giulio Caccini ; absolutely perfect combination of music and human voice ! Do yourself a favor , crank up the volume way up , put the subwoofer in overload -LRB- just kidding -RRB- , and be prepared to shiver ! It 's that good .
 I bought it in order to have the Lusine Zakaryan performance . The variety of Ave Marias was a great revelation for me . The performances and pieces themselves are mostly exquisite . Recording quality , however , ranges from ok to poor . No Shaded Dog quality here .
 very happy with the speed the cd came to me , it arrived within aboiut 4 days of placing the order . the cd is in basically new condition , perfectly satisfied with the sale .
 The first track -LRB- 1 . Natural Blues - single version -RRB- is like many of the singles from play , with the folk sounding sampling , electronic beats , and symphonic instruments to enhance the melody . this is a single well worth its A - side -LRB- track single is named after -RRB- . The B - sides -LRB- extra tracks -RRB- are both non-lp tracks , so if you want them then you have to get this album . 2 . The Whispering Wind is an almost ambient track . It has too many sounds to be truly ambient , but the sound gives you an ambient feel . Moby 's voice gets breathy , and produces an echo . This song is almost haunting , and the feel of the song is new for him , he 's never done one like this before . The third and final track 3 . Sick In The System will remind you a bit of move -LRB- disco threat -RRB- . This track has no words , and I would categorize it somewhere between techno and trance . this track is ok , it has two downfalls
 This single has an extra b-side -LRB- Sick in the System -RRB- that does not appear on the b-side compilation . It has a very dancey feel , as another reviewer stated , which probably kept it off the compilation . It 's an instrumental , and it 's not very unique from some of Moby 's other work , but still a great track.The other two tracks are great too ; the Single edit of ` Natural Blues ' cuts the song down over a minute , but the song still sounds great . The other outtake is a great , more ambient track .
 Yeah , are n't you tired of the so called rap music nowadays ? Labels are springing up outta nowhere and putting out the same ole garbage . Let me tell you straight , it ai n't entertaining when it sounds like something you could have made up . How long has it been since someone came off with some ill flow and you could n't wait to learn the verses ? `` The Arrival '' is still on point even six years after it 's release . The big thing is when he spits , he 's actually talking about something . People are afraid today to say when something is garbage . There are levels to attain too and being gifted with word flow is no small feat . Check out this slept on album and get back to some real hip hop.DJ Come of Age
 this is n't a Soul On Ice , this is n't an Illmatic . This is n't a Funcrusher Plus , and this is n't The Realness . This album is different , and although not a classic , it 's still incredible . 16 great tracks . This is one of those albums that you dont have to skip a track . Lyrically , he 's no Chino XL nor a Ras Kass , but he still keeps it real . The production is very nice , and unique.i give it a 4.5 / 5 . Slept on album . STOP SLEEPING .
 Each tune blends with the other to produce a record of moving , soothing energy . A great way to get to know this artist ...
 Sacha Distel is the sublime sample of the kind troubadour , the author-singer per excellence . His unforgettable style and formidable inspiration deserved a special place between the Immortals of the French Song .
 Sacha Distel , Richard Anthony , Becaud y Aznavour son los mejores europeos en los 50 y 60
 I like `` Monsieur Canibal '' . It 's a `` hit '' . I like to listen it all day .
 There are over a half dozen killer tracks on this cd . My favorite is the title song , El Dorado . Someday Out Of The Blue , I suspect will be the first hit single . I believe that makes it 31 consecutive years on the TOP 40 Charts . Second is Elvis at 23 . `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' is great , as is `` The Trail We Blaze '' , `` 16th Century Man '' , `` Queen Of Cities '' and a great surprise duet with Randy Newman -LRB- who 's voice is cartoon like -RRB- `` It 's Tough To Be A God '' . Best Elton cd since MADE IN ENGLAND . More of an adult theme here than The Lion King , which of course won Grammys and Academy Awards .
 The Road to Eldorado is actually Elton 's 3rd attempt at a full length soundrack recording , following `` Friends '' in 71 , and the `` Lion King '' in 94 . Since I have not seen the new animated film it is difficult to see how the music enhances the story line of the film but i must then take the songs at face value and on this level they are some of the best work Elton has done in years . '' El Dorado '' , the cds opening composition is a rousing , glorious ditty and should be the next single . It just romps along and would be a good departure from the ballards that Elton has released as singles lately . `` Without Question '' , should have been the love theme from the movie and not `` Someday out of the Blue '' , the way Elton sings the chorus -LRB- and the background answering -RRB- is flawless . `` Friends Never say goodbye '' , with the Backstreet Boys singing harmonies is another potential single and deserves it . `` The Trail We Blaze '' sounds like a lost track from the `` Captain Fantastic '' days and the rock groove of `` 16th Century Man '' , could have been taken from the Pointer Sister 's `` I 'm so Excited `` Since most of these songs were composed 4-5 years ago it is a credit to Elton and Patrick Leonard -LRB- madonna 's old producer -RRB- , that the songs have stood the test of time.Elton 's vocal stylings , as always are on the money -LRB- if not too perfect -RRB- and only allows himself a little experimentation on such tracks as `` trust Me '' , and `` It 's Tough to be a God '' , a duet with Randy Newman -LRB- why randy ? -RRB- . The sound of the cd is crisp , and the songs are more layered and complex than they seem at first listen.Only after repeated plays does the true beauty of these gems come out . Finally , Hans Zimmer , who Elton worked with on the `` lion King '' , finishes off the soundtrack with 3 instrumental pieces .
 I was pleasantly surprised when I heard the trademark Elton John piano but with a slight electronic twist . I guess Elton was listening to a little Madonna and wanted to capture a snippet of her style . The `` Can You Feel The Love Tonight '' ballads are somewhat gone off of this album , but you still get a very enjoyable listening experience . The 3 score tracks by Hans Zimmer and John Powell are a nice added bonus .
 An amazing album that will stand the test of time .
 Put simply , this was a surprisingly good album that few people could fault . Buy it , you will enjoy it .
 I like the CD , but it 's nothing amazing . It 's got pretty good tunes and although I do recommend it , you would n't be missing anything if you did n't buy it .
 An unknown masterpiece ... Out of the Blue . Elton John and Hans Zimmer on the same project is fantastic and complimentary of each .
 If you decide to buy this CD , please see the movie first . I bought this movie a long time ago for my kids and we all loved the movie , especially the music by Elton . I highly recommend the movie and the CD .
 Elton John returns with 11 very seductive tracks on this release . The melodies are strong and he sounds great ! Particular stand-outs include `` Someday Out Of The Blue , '' which is the first single , `` Trust Me , '' `` My Heart Dances , '' and `` Friends Never Say Goodbye . '' A few more EJ tracks would have been better than the instrumentals included at the end of the album . Overall this is a fine body of work . The first single is probably the catchiest of the songs on this release , and a good follow-up single to this one would be `` Trust Me . ''
 Now this is my kind of music , completely Elton John style . The movie is great , I love it ! most of the guys , if not all have long hair , mullets , and so forth . It does n't have any porcupine heads , you know spikey hair and what not . My all time favorite song on this album is without question , it 's hard to tell aint it . Every song on this album is worth listening to . In my point of view , anything that Elton John performs is well worth listening to . I am a very big Elton John fan if you ca n't already tell . This album is well worth the price and then some in my point of view . The songs on this movie are very inspiring , adventurous , and up-lifting ! who ever was in charge of seeking the performer and choosing the lyrics did one hell of an awesome job . To me the songs are better on this album and movie than the ones on The Lion King , and the songs to the lion king are pretty damn good in my opinion ! I have a last word of advice
 Elton Keeps On Giving Me A Lot Of Great Time , Listening To His Music . I Wish I Could Play As He Does . But Why Should I , It ` s Better To Listen To Him .
 Very good music . Especialy good if you have seen the movie .
 The negative comments of other customers are quite amazing , particularly those which suggest that `` real '' fans should steer clear of this album . To my mind , as a `` real '' fan for nearly twenty years , this is certainly one of Elton 's best albums , especially in the last 10 - 12 years . Patrick Leonard has done a great job of elevating Elton 's voice and piano to the front of the mix , a production value lost by Chris Thomas , whose overblown drum and synth work has dogged good songs since 1992 . Best tracks on here include `` Eldorado '' , the first single `` Someday Out of the Blue '' , `` Queen of Cities '' and the brilliant `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' which features the Backstreet Boys on uncredited backing vocals . I judge a new Elton album by how long it stays in my CD player before I revert to older material . This one has been there since release day , and shows no signs of leaving . The songs fit together very well , and Elton is obviously enjoying the experience of writing to Tim Rice 's lyrics . I can honestly say there is n't any track on here that should n't be . Amazon should include this as an essential recording by Elton John - a return to the form he reached with 1995 's `` Made in England '' . I look forward to the next John/Taupin album , which Patrick Leonard is producing - they are back in the studio in September .
 FIRST and foremost , this incredible collection of songs , some heard in the new animated feature film , Dreamworks `` The Road to El Dorado '' is NOT an original soundtrack recording . Although nine of the fourteen songs are heard in the film , six of them are heard in a different , less compelling presentation than performed here . With that said , this project is the most recent Elton John album proper since the majestic `` The Big Picture '' album released in 1997 . For those Elton John fans of his seventies era , he has n't re-recorded the `` Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '' album . He 's been there , done that . Although he discovered ballads and the adult contemporary sound during the eighties and nineties , his use of the format is to impressive degrees on this project . For the first time since `` Captain Fantastic '' Elton 's music actually sounds inspired as does his performance of these impressive songs . Elton has matured and his taste in music has developed and grown with him . His collaboration with Tim Rice is triumphant , a first since the union for Disney 's `` The Lion King '' . Their attempt to compose for the stage , although noble , was completely trashed by hideous performances in their last project `` Aida '' . On this opus , Elton handles all the singing . The only guest vocalist is Randy Newman on the hilarious `` It 's Tough To Be A God '' . Two of the most impressive songs `` 16th Century Man '' and `` Trust Me '' are NOT heard in the film at all . In addion , `` My Heart Dances '' and `` Queen of Cities '' as impressive as they are were not used for the film . No matter , this album is not a soundtrack intended to remind of favorite sequences from the film . Rather , the album plays out in the manner appropriate for an original Elton John project proper . The final three tracks on the cd are compositions from the picture , however they fit like a glove in the context of the theme of the project . `` Without Question '' and `` The Panic in Me '' are sublime Elton John . The animated film itself is impressive , however this collection is purely Elton John 's triumph and welcome return to glory .
 This Album is a must have for all collections . I can listen to it over and over again . I first got this Album before I even saw the movie and it was the music that made me want to see the movie ... honest truth ... the music makes the movie ! This album has something for everyone . YES , I am going along with the popular opinion that my favorite song is `` Someday Out of the Blue '' . `` Friends Never say Goodbye '' is also a sentimental favorite of mine . PLEASE LISTEN TO THE SAMPLES THEN ADD THIS ONE TO YOUR COLLECTION !
 With this cd , the movie , the broadway AIDA , concerts , etc. . . , etc. . . , this is the YEAR of Tim Rice and Elton John . Even though these projects were years in the making , they are truly spectacular . This soundtrack/theme cd is filled with some of their best work ever . Such touching songs as `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' and `` The Panic In Me '' are so haunting that you find yourself feeling for what the movie COULD have been . It 's a great album to close your eyes and relax with . From the Sgt Pepper like trumpets that begin the title song , to the country/western enabled `` Trail We Blaze '' and `` 16th Century Man '' , to the George Harrison-like guitars of `` Trust Me '' , and the latin flavored `` Tough To Be a God '' , it 's clear that there is something here for everyone . Elton is in fine voice and melody . Rice 's lyrics , as usual , can make you laugh and cry , with moments of tongue-in-cheek cleverness giving way to heart-breaking love songs . No Matter What people think , he is the quintessential lyricist of our time . Yes , the orchestrations of the songs in the movie are TOTALLY different . However , keep in mind , we will have those versions when the movie is on video and DVD . This is merely for listening to . And absorbing yourself into . And enjoying .
 I have everything Elton has ever recorded and I was so suprised when I listened to El Darado . Elton 's vocals are strong , the music is very sound and all in all I think it 's the best thing from Elton since Captain Fantastic . I know the lion king tracks sounded great ... but as a body of work this is much better . If your an ELton fan you 'll love El Darado , if your not . . your really missing something great .
 Elton John has an uncanny ability to create over and over again those melodies that strike a chord in your heart and soul . `` The Road to El Dorado '' is filled with catchy , lush and layered melodies with extraordinary vocal arrangements that showcase Elton John , a legend and one of the greatest male voices of the modern era . The title track , `` El Dorado '' along with `` Someday Out of the Blue , '' `` Without Question , '' `` Friends Never Say Goodbye , '' `` The Trail We Blaze , '' `` The Panic In Me '' and `` Trust Me '' stand out as highlights . This CD , like `` The Big Picture , '' and even last year 's `` Aida '' display a more contemplative , textured mood than we are perhaps used to from Elton ... and like these two previous gems , `` The Road to El Dorado '' takes you on a beautiful journey with graciousness and style , from your heart to your voice and back again . Some will probably say there is nothing new here ... and they are right ... sheer brilliance and beauty , as usual ... as has always been ! Thank God ... and thank you , Sir Elton !
 Road to Eldorado was a great movie with great songs that did n't really need to be touched for the soundtrack . Instead , all the songs are given changes and performed by Elton John , minus the three orchestral score pieces in the back . Do n't get me wrong ! I enjoyed the songs a lot ! But even when I heard this was n't exactly a soundtrack , I did n't exactly expect so many deviations from the originals.The big let-downs for me were
 Okay , I know I 'm overrating this one a bit -LRB- in truth , I think it 's a three star record -RRB- , but I agree with an earlier review
 Versatility rules in this soundtrack - the conventional Elton John love-ballad sound does n't adamantly ring away with stiff sentimentality . It 's fresh , fun , and a wonderful makeover from his albums of the ` 70s . From the energetic start in `` El Dorado '' , to heartfelt poignancy in `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' , to even amusing `` The Lion King '' rock in `` 16th Century Man '' , it 's all a package of musical talent and culture -LRB- from Spanish to Native American -RRB- that 's more than you 'd have bargained for -LRB- after all , only five of the new eleven songs appeared in the movie -RRB- ! And there really is n't anything lacking in the jazz remix of the movie 's original `` It 's Tough To Be A God '' - Randy Newman still sparks with fervor in his duet with Elton John , and the bluish instrumentation accompanying it gives the track a sensual conclusion . And `` Trust Me '' turns out as a very unique track , with the odd sound of Madonna 's `` Beautiful Stranger '' sizzling around.Of course , Hans Zimmer does a great job on the scoring , along with John Powell - I especially enjoyed `` The Ball Game '' in `` Wonders of the New World '' with that modern rugby touch to it . With this much in line , anyone can expect - this is worth its weight in heavy-weight gold !
 I was a little disappointed because as much as I love EJ and Randy , their duet was not as good as the one in the movie . `` It 's tough to be a God '' is a great song . BUT it lacks the joy of Kline and Kenneth B.
 This is a great soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to . The best songs on this cd are all of them
 This soundtrack is a colection ranging from power balads -LRB- such as Without Question and Freinds Never Say Goodbye -RRB- to the jazy piano rock number 16th Century Man . This album is worth hunting sown for it 's unique colection of songs .
 I loved the film and so naturally love this soundtrack specifically for that reason . The songs `` Someday Out of the Blue '' and `` The Panic in Me '' are beautiful and poignant , harkening back to the specific plot points in the film that they represent , especially between the two main characters . The biggest letdown about the soundtrack , for me , was -LRB- as others have mentioned -RRB- the absence of the film 's version of `` It 's Tough To Be A God . '' Kevin Kline and Kenneth Branagh were fantastic in singing/acting this song and make it an absolute delight to watch and , equally , listen to , during the film . I wish Dreamworks had included it - as well as the film 's version of `` The Trail We Blaze '' - on the soundtrack ! Other than that , though , if you liked the film , this CD is definitely a must-have .
 These days , when you think of movie soundtracks , they do n't have the kind of magic touch as they once did for films . With more people interested in the `` Corporate Teen Idol Era , '' the movie magic has become a ... luster of its former shell . Surprisingly , there are very few movie soundtracks that really stand out in the business.That case came once again from Elton John . After his triumph with The Lion King in 1994 and 1995 , Elton reunited with Tim Rice to compile music for The Road To El Dorado . The music on the soundtrack is unlike anything else I 've heard of from films in a long time , the pure delightful tones of a movie soundtrack that sells.The songs from The Road To El Dorado are joyous and very powerful . Each song continuing Elton 's legacy for music . Songs like Without Question , Someday Out Of The Blue , which peaked at # 49 on the Billboard charts and ending Elton 's annual position of a song in the top 40 at 30 , and Friends Never Say Goodbye.Although many songs from movie soundtracks seem like they are for an image , they really need to sell much more than before . As for The Road To El Dorado , it is one soundtrack nobody should pass up .
 I have not seen the movie yet , although I must soon . Maybe I will have to wait until it is released on video . Well , I am not the biggest Elton fan , but I bought the cd for the beautiful songs at the end . I am a lover of the Hispanic culture , and the music , etc. . . Those last few pieces are so meaningful and beautiful , Ihad to buy the whole cd . I think the Elton pieces are pretty too . I am excited to see teh movie now . I am sure you will not be diappointed if you were to buy this film .
 I first heard this soundtrack when a friend lent it to me . Admittedly no fan of this type of music , I fell in love the longer I listened . Of course , it does n't hurt that it 's paired with the smoothness of Elton John 's voice . The music is soothing , relaxing , stimulating , and seductive all at the same time . The album makes an especially good buy because the content is not totally dependent on the movie from which it came . In other words , one does not have to relate the music to the movie in order to enjoy it .
 Though `` The Big Picture '' was more of an atmospheric album to listen to and not a chartbuster , `` The Road To El Dorado '' Soundtrack is an exeptionally unique mix of songs I 've never heard Elton create . The upbeat `` El Dorado '' is one of the best Elton songs in the last 5 years . Without judging Elton by his style of writing and earlier works , his songwriting is so different in this album that you would n't believe Elton could 've possibly written it . This just proves the vastness of Elton 's songwriting talents . Elton 's voice is in fine form , and this CD is a must buy for not only Elton fans , but those who want to listen to an album that 's both unique and creative .
 As a pretty keen follower of Elton 's music , it was a nice suprise to hear the new album and to hear instantly a clear and deliberate return to the standards set by post 70 's albums such as ` made in England ' , ` Sleeping with the Past ' , 2 low 4 zero and ` Ice on Fire ' . There was no self indulgent introspection or experimentation , just music for the sake of music , with singable melodies and good thick chords . I agree with an earlier review that comments on his voice and piano being more prominent in the mix making a big difference . Great to hear the big fella having a go again .
 This is Elton John 's best album since Goodbye Yellow Brick Road ! It offers both the uptempo music as well as some great mellow tunes . Great album !
 The Road To El Dorado is some of Elton 's best work . As a cd , there is n't a weak song ... and the good ones are too numerous to mention . Elton John is on top of his game here , with catchy tunes you 'll find yourself humming hours after listening . Not full of kids songs either , this is definitely an adult cd . Quite an accomplishment for music to an animated movie which is supposed to be almost as great as the music .
 I consider myself to be an avid Elton John fan and a new Elton release is a special moment to me . Road to Eldorado was everything I hoped it would be . Some of the songs bring you right back to when Elton was king and could do no wrong . He comes across strong in both voice and emotion . I can not stop listening to this CD . The background vocals are excellent and production is tight .
 Full of very good and pleasant songs to listen to . A new trait for Elton here is the Spanish sound in many songs . A comment on each of the Elton songs
 Our local reviewer said '' Show Tunes Diminish El Dorado ! '' Excuse me , but I am reviewing the album , not the movie ! I love this CD ! And be it show tunes or not , I think it 's great ! I 've listened to it for about 2 weeks now , and consider it one of my fav . Show tunes are in order , `` The Trail We Blaze '' , `` It 's Tough to Be A God '' , But I also like `` 16th Century Man '' which reminds me of New Orleans `` Funk '' , and I 'm from South LA. . Thanks , Elton John , for something new and refreshing ! You win , in my book !
 The fact that this is a soundtrack for an animated movie is gon na turn people off , and it 's too bad , because this is a wonderful and very sophisticated piece of work by an insanely talented person ... It 's also too bad that `` Somewhere out of the Blue '' was chosen to be the single released to radio . It may be the weakest track on the album . It 's not horrible , but it pales against some of the others . The title track is great . `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' is beautiful . `` 16th Century Man '' is an absolute classic -LRB- with great lyrics by Tim Rice -RRB- . And the others do n't disappoint either.I loved the Lion King soundtrack ... but collections like this , along with other recent soundtracks like `` Tarzan , '' deserve rightful places among the best works of their respective artists . It 's great to see such outstanding music in these movies -- just unfortunate that so many will never get to hear them because of the cartoon characters on the cover .
 Elton John 's cd called THE ROAD TO EL DORADO IS AN OUTSTANDING ALBUM TO LISTEN TO . I just listen to 4 sound samples from the album from amazon.com and they were great . But when I got the album I had no idea what the other songs sound like . So I took a chance at listening to it . I loved the entire album . It just blew me away with the sound affects and the music that whent with it . Plus the singing was terriffic.Elton John is the man and a heck of a great singer to have around . Elton john is one of my favorite artist . GO ELTON JOHN you rule man !
 I bought this thinking it would be an `` annimated cast recording , '' it is not . Elton John sings all the songs . Although I 'm not the biggest fan of Elton John , this cd is quite good . The music is quite entertaining and the lyrics are good . There is one silly lyric though in the song `` 16th Century Man '' which is awesome , the lyric reads : `` Just because we are Hispanic , Does n't mean we 're oceanic . `` Sometimes Rice surprises me , because he is a great lyricist but to throw a forced rhyme together like this , shows a small lacking of creative ability on his part . Someone of his stature should not write such a ridiculous lyric.Despite that small critique , this is a great cd , and I am glad I bought it , eventhough I was hoping for annimated cast recording . That is why I knocked it down a star . I never seems right that the `` cast '' is n't singing the songs they are supposed to be - I find it hard to believe one character sings all five of the songs that are in the movie.It 's a movie I have no desire to see - but a soundtrack I will enjoy for some time.Buy and enjoy !
 Elton John and Tim Rice are back since THE LION KING . And what a comback they made ! This EL DORADO soundtrack is stunning ! My two personal favorite tracks are `` Someday Out Of The Blue '' and `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' -LRB- which features the Backstreet Boys - my favorite band ! - as uncredited background vocals -RRB- . The BSB 's vocals blend in beautifully with Elton John 's on this song . I love the rest of this soundtrack , too . Sure , not all of the songs were featured in the movie . But hey - it happens with EVERY movie ! Anyways , if you 've seen THE ROAD TO EL DORADO , then you must buy this soundtrack . Even if you have n't , you should still listen to it and then go see it . It 's a great movie ! Do n't miss out on this soundtrack . And sorry , Phil Collins fans , but this does really beat the TARZAN soundtrack ! -LRB- And the BSB song with Elton John is so much better than that song Phil Collins did with N Sync ! -RRB- .
 Elton John has done it again . `` Someday '' is my favorite track . `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' is another potential hit . John does a great job and the background vocals are incredible .
 I adore this album ! I 'm not an Elton John fan by any means , -LRB- inf fact , up until this album I hated him -RRB- , but this album changed my mind . Elton 's voice sounds great . Everything on this album is wonderful , and if you think this is good , you should see the movie!My favorite songs are `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' , `` The Panic in Me '' -LRB- a beautiful love song -RRB- , and `` Cheldorado '' . Cheldorado is interesting because of the flute sounds used . It 's very catchy , sensual and sexy . I adore it.Way to go , Elton ! Viva El Dorado !
 Not Elton 's best but very good . Comparing with his talent it 's 4 stars , but comparing with MTV and VIVA it is 5 000 000 stars . I ca n't listen anymore hip-hop , rap , boys groups and all that garbage . WHERE IS ELTON ? `` Well ... he is too old ! Little girls dont ' t want to listen Elton . He is old , fat , ugly , bla bla bla '' . We must listen what they are telling us about Elton , but we must not see any his video clip ! By the way , SOMEDAY OUT OF THE BLUE is one of the best Elton 's songs.It 's not good as THE LION KING but it is good as EL DORADO !!!
 Definitely one of the best collections of Sir Elton John songs in years ... likely since Made In England . Sad sales mimicked the quick exit from theatres by the movie . Both though , were critically acclaimed . Often quality is n't rewarded by sales ... like in this case .
 THis is great stuff - creative and self-confident .
 I 've been an Elton John fan for years , but am sometimes a little disappointed by lackluster songwriting and/or performances . Sometimes it seems his heart just is n't in it . EJ was rejuvenated with `` Made in England '' -- Elton says its 'cause he 's off the booze and drugs -- but I found nearly all of the recent music from `` Aida '' to be mostly boring and somehow expected the same of this soundtrack . Fortunately , I was wrong . I heard Elton 's `` El Dorado '' concert on VH1 , which convinced me that there must be some really good songs here . `` Without Question '' is one of his best songs in years and the first 6 songs on the album are all good . Hans Zimmer 's instrumentals are also very good . I like Randy Newman , but he seems miscast in `` It 's Tough to be a God `` Production seems to be such an important part of a good record -LRB- that 's why George Martin really was the fifth Beatle -RRB- and like `` Made in England '' , the production here is very good . It sounds finely crafted -- compared to some previous EJ albums where it sounds like he laid down his tracks in about 30 minutes , leaving the producer and studio musicians to fill in the blanks.I reserve 5 stars only for those very special albums where every cut is great . There are a couple here that are mediocre -- but not a bad one in the bunch -- so I give it a solid 4-stars .
 Skeptics expecting another `` Lion King '' will be pleasantly surprised . Along with `` The One '' and `` Made in England '' , `` The Road to El Dorado '' must rank as among Elton John 's best albums of the 1990 's . Together with lyricist Tim Rice , he 's composed some fine ballads -LRB- `` Somewhere Out of the Blue '' -RRB- and uptempo rockers -LRB- `` El Dorado '' , `` Sixteenth Century Man '' -RRB- . I thought he was losing steam again with `` The Big Picture '' , but he obviously has n't lost his Midas touch for writing great pop ballads and rock and roll tunes . His duet with Randy Newman and Hans Zimmer 's music are fine treasures not to be overlooked . Elton 's latest collaboration with Tim Rice is a vast improvement over their work for `` The Lion King '' and `` Aida '' . It 's too bad that he could n't record with his entire touring band , relying mostly on studio musicians , since this is one CD that is almost as good as his best work from the 1970 's and 1980 's . Rarely have I heard Elton sing better , with more conviction , than he does throughout `` The Road to El Dorado '' . While this may not be a definitive Elton John CD , it is one that should n't be overlooked .
 I received my CD , The Road to El Dorado today and ca n't stop listening to it ! The lyrics and sounds flow as smooth as syrup . `` Someday Out of the Blue '' is a feel good song with a catchy tune . `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' is truly a haunting song . `` The Trail We Blaze '' will catch the attention of adults and children alike . `` 16th Century Man '' rocks ! Now I shall listen to the rest of the CD ! I bought the CD after watching Elton 's concert at the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco . Lots of Baby Boomers having a great time ! Keep up the good work guys ! You both deserve credit on this one !
 The album kicks right off with the rousing El Dorado and dose n't let down on a single track from there on out ; there 's a depth to all the songs that takes a second or third listening to catch and appraciate . I was pleased to hear Hans Zimmer 's three addations tacked onto the end ; and Tim Rice as always delights with his catchy lyrics . 16th Centuary Man is chocked full of whitty phrases -LRB- shame it did n't make the movie -RRB- . My fav cut is , oddly one that dose n't make it into the film ; Queen of Cities showcases Elton 's muisc and Rice 's lyrics beautifully . Combining them into a haunting ballad of a lost city and what might have been . Ca n't wait to see the music and the animation combined , it should be a treat for the eyes and ears .
 When soundtrack music is taken out of its film context it often sounds awful . However , Elton John took music he wrote for the movie `` The Road to El Dorado , '' added two instrumentals by Hans Zimmer and one by John Powell and created this CD . The down sides
 This soundtrack has 11 Elton John / Tim Rice songs , some of which featured in the animated film The Road To El Dorado , and three instrumental themes from the movie soundtrack . It is a good album and will not disappoint those who like theatrical tunes and film music . Obviously , it counts as a new full-length Elton John album too , which should please Eltons many many fans . Of the songs here , my favourites are the opening and closing songs El Dorado and Queen Of Cities . Both are narrative story-type songs that relate to the movie . There are also two very nice love songs
 I am a long-time EJ fan ; however , I 'm the ONLY one in my family who is . Usually I listen to the music on my portable CD player so that I 'm the only one who can hear it . Or if my husband is not at home , I 'll blast it on the house stereo . However , with El Dorado , I always find that CD playing either in the car or in the house ! It was to the extent that I actually said `` have n't you guys had enough of this CD ! '' All of the music is great . Some of the lyrics are sappy . We 've played `` Someday Out of the Blue '' to death and we all love the instrumentals at the end of the CD . Whoever thought to add those on was a genius . So , I do n't think that you have to be an EJ fan to like this . It 's not like a lot of his old stuff . But that shows his talent in that he was able to break out from his past and explore something new AND BECOME SUCCESSFUL AT IT !
 I 'm not a huge fan of Elton John , but I loved this CD ! I was hoping for more of the music from the movie itself , especially the Kline/Branagh version of `` It 's Tough to Be A God '' , but I was very happy with what I got . I do hope that Dreamworks releases another CD , with more of the score and the Kline/Branagh song , but I 'm still very happy with this cd .
 I was very anxious to get this album and my hopes were not disappointed . Whether you 're in the mood to dance or to hear some soothing ballads , this album has it all . The album kicks off with the danceable `` El Dorado '' . Then to the catchy `` Someday Out Of The Blue '' which is Elton at his best . The album 's best track , however , is `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' which features the Backstreet Boys singing background vocals . Their harmonies blend nicely with Elton 's . You know it 's a good song when you 're repeatedly rewinding it ! It was also good to hear Elton experimenting with new sounds on `` Trust Me '' . The album finishes with some beautiful melodies , notably `` Cheldorado '' . I ca n't wait for Elton 's next project !
 Great Elton John / Tim Rice collaboration . . It 's bound to bebetter than the movie itself ! My only complaint . . why do sections of `` Friends never say goodbye '' sound SO MUCH like bits from `` The Madness of King Scar '' from Elton and Rice 's `` The Lion King '' ? Major boo boo . . Watch the sparks fly ! Sorry guys . . but this little flaw overshadows the whole album . . pity . . cause it 's bloody good stuff !
 I mean it , after awile I for got this was a soundtrack untill the last three tracks came up -LRB- The three scores -RRB- . Buy this even if you hav n't seen the movie . It 's more of a Elton John album than a soundtrack . I still would of prefered Kevin and Keneth over Elton John and Randy Newman for `` It 's Tough To Be A God '' though .
 I received my CD , The Road to El Dorado today and ca n't stop listening to it ! The lyrics and sounds flow as smooth as syrup . `` Someday Out of the Blue '' is a feel good song with a catchy tune . `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' is truly a haunting song . `` The Trail We Blaze '' will catch the attention of adults and children alike . `` 16th Century Man '' rocks ! Now I shall listen to the rest of the CD ! I bought the CD after watching Elton 's concert at the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco . Lots of Baby Boomers having a great time ! Keep up the good work guys ! You both deserve credit on this one !
 Our local reviewer said '' Show Tunes Diminish El Dorado ! '' Excuse me , but I am reviewing the album , not the movie ! I love this CD ! And be it show tunes or not , I think it 's great ! I 've listened to it for about 2 weeks now , and consider it one of my fav . Show tunes are in order , `` The Trail We Blaze '' , `` It 's Tough to Be A God '' , But I also like `` 16th Century Man '' which reminds me of New Orleans `` Funk '' , and I 'm from South LA. . Thanks , Elton John , for something new and refreshing ! You win , in my book !
 Elton 's last several efforts -LRB- `` Aida '' , `` The Big Picture '' , `` Made In England '' , et al -RRB- have disappointed . So much so , that I almost did n't buy this one . I 'm happy I did . This is his most consistently gratifying work since `` The One '' and perhaps more so than even that one . A variety of sounds , tempos , etc. keep it interesting throughout . A number of cuts feature Spanish guitar , I suppose in keeping with the theme of the movie . In a different era when he had more mainstream appeal , there could have been several hit singles from this CD . My favorites -LRB- though not necessarily all `` singles '' material are at the heart of the CD , literally . Cuts 4 through 9 , beginning with `` Friends Never Say Goodbye '' ending with `` Trust Me . '' But the remaining cuts are also quite good . Not a throwaway in the bunch - whereas I would classify the bulk of the songs on the above-mentioned albums as throwaways . IMPORTANT
 This album is superb ! It contains not one disappointing song . Admittedly , I 'm a huge fan , and like almost all of Elton 's music , but that should n't deter a casual fan from sampling El Dorado . Every song is highly catchy -- whether in a festive , sad , eerie or inspiring way -- and memorable . Also , Elton gives us some of the best singing of his career -- passionate , inventive , even spine-tingling . Go out and get this one ! NOTE TO PREVIOUS REVIEWER
 Shut Your Mouth is one of the best songs from THE best band in the world . Rock fans will love it , even if they have n't heard Garbage before -LRB- where have you been ? -RRB- , as will old school fans . Happiness Pt .2 is a weird and wonderful ride through electronic soundscape with a certain perverse undertone remaining throughout . Definitely an expermental track , and if you liked Confidence , you will like this . Wild Horses live is a great cover of the Rolling Stones classic . And , to top it all of is a sublime live version of the Garbage mega hit `` Only Happy When It Rains '' . I recommend that you buy this , along with the UK versions of the single , which include the new bsides , Sex Never Goes Out Of Fashion , I 'm Really Into Techno , and April the 10th . And if you do n't own the album beautifulgarbage -LRB- which contains Shut Your Mouth -RRB- by now , for God 's sake , do yourself a favor and buy it . It 's amazing .
 Since 1995 , Garbage has supercharged the pop market , bringing us album after album of infectious hooks , melodies , and beats . Even now , in 2003 , Shirley and the Boys are still at it , rocking crowds the world over and doing it with no apologies , and this single proves it . Shut Your Mouth is a great song , both in sound and in spirit . Ever had that under pressure , get-off-my-back feeling ? This song is for you . Also featured on this single is Happiness Pt .2 , a tune that , while embracing a slightly different style , sounds like the kind of composition we expect from Garbage . After this , there 's a live version of Only Happy When It Rains , a classic , and Wild Horses , a Rolling Stones cover . Fan or not , I recommend this CD for your collection .
 Here is a simple but fantastic song that is a lyrically blunt statement about the ridiculous drama in so many people 's lives , and how one can get caught up in trying to live up to these supposed standards of society . Shirley Manson has said it is a reflection of how she thinks and speaks in real life.Though there seems to be a hint of reverb in both of the live tracks , they are the main reason to own this single . Only Happy When It Rains is such a great song and it rocks even more live . ... On a side note , Shirley sang `` Shut Your Mouth '' much differently on the Garbage/No Doubt fall tour of 2002 . Take advantage of any chance you get to hear it .
 Very amazing track ... * BUY * IT ! If you love house music and club , you will LOVE this great hit . Amazing song overall , superb tracks ... I agree with the first reviewer ... `` Quite simply , the dance track of the year ''
 With an incredible bassline , and the vocals of Lolita Holloway , Fisher has brought us a track that will be ripping up the dancefloors for many months , a great followup to last year 's Freaks Come Out , and a tune that should ensure some commercial success also . Quite simply , the dance record of the year !
 I have been listening to this set continuously since it arrived several weeks ago . Although I have been familiar with these pieces for many years , each hearing brought fresh awareness of both the composer 's genius , and of Lupu 's incredible musicality . Even the Moments Musicaux , often derided as `` Schubet Light '' , are transformed here to something magical and deeply beautiful.I can well understand why Amazon says there is only 1 set left right now . You will be entranced .
 Released by DECCA as a celebratory bow for the 60th anniversary of Radu Lupu , this Schubert CD box set comprises recordings made for this label by the great Romanian pianist over more than twenty years , since his emerging on international concert platform in early 1970s . Coming with three first prizes won in prestigious international piano competitions -LRB- Van Cliburn - 1966 , Enescu - 1967 , Leeds - 1969 -RRB- Lupu rapidly established himself as one of the top performing artists with a pronounced affinity for the classical-romantic repertoire . His refined craftsmanship seems especially suited to those lovely singing melodies and delicate moods embodied in Schubert 's sonatas , impromptus , scherzos and moments musicaux . Yet Lupu hates self promotion and publicity , being widely regarded as a genuine anti-star , his arrival as one of the most acclaimed and sought-after musicians of our time has covered him by flattering engagements with most impressive concert stages and orchestras around the world.Radu Lupu 's pianism has frequently been characterized as full of delicacy , exhibiting a pure romantic insight and a compelling sense of narration , kindling uneven poetic colours and masterful contrasts out of his keyboard . All that artistry - copiously flowing throughout sonatas and other pieces gathered here - is possible by simply relying on two features of Lupu 's way of playing
 Intelligent , sensitive phrasing , and a wonderful ability to sustain Schubert 's melodic line . Without fussiness or excess sentiment , Lupu has given us some fine recordings of this inexpressibly beautiful music .
 I have always been a fan of Lupu 's Schubert . Some here are not , and that 's OK
 I was overjoyed to discover that Decca finally released most of Lupu 's Schubert Sonatas in one single package -LRB- the only exception being Sonata in D major , D 850 recorded in Bucharest in 1981 -RRB- . Lupu is my favorite living piano player . In my humble opinion , no one can even match , let alone surpass , the wonderful tone and the countless colors and shades he is capable of getting out of his instrument.For those of you unfamiliar with his career and achievements , here are some highlights
 Radu Lupu -LRB- 1945 -RRB- may boast of being actually one of the maxim exponents in which concerns to be among the best interpreters of Franz Schubert.This extraordinary set should be labeled as sublime , because he make us to realize ourselves Schubert is a dramatists rather than a lyricist , he underlines too the rhythmic metamorphosis of melodies , the cohesiveness of its drama sense , precise modulations , remarking besides , the demanded juxtapositions of major and minor keys that integrate and define the interplay of shade and light and unexpected shifting of perspective . The level of technique perfection is under the service of the febrile poetry of this composer . And I would like emphasize these features , because just a few pianists around the world are capable to play a Schubert with such grandness and accuracy . . Don ' t hesitate just a second . This should be personal must in your invaluable musical collection . Go for this treasured and rewarding album .
 Every now and then you hear music for the first time and something special happens . For me , this has been the case with Martucci 's music , in particular with this quintet and this trio . I always thought that I was not a fan of chamber music , which I find still , quite often , boring , traditional and predictable . For me Martucci is the exeption to the rule . These compositions start with an Allegro giusto , and how guisto they are ! Emotional andantes , sparckling energetic scherzi , and powerful finales , a revelation to me . If you think chamber music is not for you , listen to this !
 Fans of Zeke , New Bomb Turks and early Gun Club should check out this Copenhagen combo . Lots of fast songs about cars , gambling , girls etc. which are topfueled by Lars ' dirty fuzzy Oblivians-like guitar licks ! Very cool production by guys who did albums by Hellacopters , Puffball etc. . The Burnouts are in the major league of Danish punkrock along with Columbian Neckties and Hellroute 16 - so get your Burnouts thrills , daddy-o !!
 I have to take issue with the Soul Jazz label for the very limited amount of label information on offer , which is pared to the minimum . What year did this track originally come out ? What label was it on ? What won it its inclusion on this selection ? No answers to be found here , though it seems to scan a period from the 1960s to the present time.However , no quarrel with the musical contents ; as it says on the jacket
 This is the fifth installment of the awesome '' Dynamite '' reggae compilations , and the quality still remains unbelievably high . All sorts of styles are represented on these discs in no particular order , it seems to me that the only requirement needed is that the tracks have to be genuine Jamaican classics , that are as vital today as they were when first released . The reputation of these compilations is such , that people in the know buy each new release without bothering to read it ` s reviews , such is their confidence in the compilers at Soul Jazz Records . The biggest compliment I can give to these compilations is that they ` ll be talked about , and danced to , long after they ` ve been deleted .
 What is it about Reggae that makes it so appealing to the masses ? Maybe the fact that it 's like the coolest type of music in the world ? I mean , Willie William 's Armageddon Time in 100 % really blew the people away . This time around in 500 % , expect the same thing , but the fact that it 's so cool should n't mean a damn thing . A real Summertime c.d. Suck down the cerveza , smoke the cohiba , and listen to these bad boys .
 FINALLY , what should have been the best album of 2000 will be the best album of 2002 . VOLUMIZER has finally been released after nearly two years of delays . Ive had the original on disc since around August of 2000 and still listen to it faithfully . `` Stockholm Love '' and `` Secret Frequency '' have been dropped from the original tracklisting , and replaced with `` Grown Up '' , `` Lemon Drop '' , and `` Lost and Found '' . Ive heard people say that these are `` commercial '' songs , but if you had the original , you would know the two songs they took off were just as `` commercial '' . I do n't think the J 's are worried about that , just making some of the best and most original music that 's out there today . The only thing that i would complain about is that i would have opted to keep the original tracks that they deleted as well , but this album is just too damn good to not get a 5 star rating . Whether your dancing , driving or just sitting around , `` Volumizer '' is the album to have on . Longtime J 's fans will be pleased , and newcomers will be blown away . BUY THIS TODAY !
 I got this cd as a grab bag present box from the store i work at , and i have to admit i wa n't ready for the incredible ryming that was going to occur . The cd blew me away , it was the most amazing surprise of most recent years for me right up next to the new electric company album . I heard my friend say something about the group and i figured i should pick something out that he likes not just because his taste in music is awesome but because if i did n't like it i could give it to him . heh , no way am i giving this to him , maybe i 'll burn him a copy until he gets his own , but wow . I do n't realy listen to the songs that sound like rock much ; not that i 'm against rock but the first song of the album does n't really get me in the mood to listen to the rock songs . Also there is nothing on this album thats inappropriate so ever since i got the cd my little sister barrows it constantly , i 'm so glad that my sister has as good of a taste in music as meh . My mom even likes it , everyone that i had listen to the cd likes it .
 If you are an old 2SJ fan , you 'll find enough classic 2SJ appeal to quench your thirst for those driving beats and hip-hop stylings . For the uninitiated , there is enough commercial slickness to songs like `` Grown Up '' and `` Lemon Drop '' to bring you over to the darkside . Give in before it destroys you !
 Volumizer was supposed to come out September 12 , 2000 . But then their label , Capricorn , went broke . They found a new label , Volcano , and the whole finding a new label and getting aquainted with it caused an 18 month delay of their second release . Well , the year-and-a-half was worth it . The J 's are back with avengence . The album mixes phat beats and ryhmes with alternative rock and incredibely intelligent lyrics . I do n't feel like writing anything else , just know that this album really kicks arse , and if you do n't believe me , go buy it and prove me wrong .
 In an effort to get ahold of this c.d. last fall when it was originally scheduled to appear in a music store near me , I contact the J 's themselves for more information . They hinted that I could find most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of the c.d. online . I did . I love this c.d. . When you start off with a bass-bumping , beat-pumping song like `` Horns of Destruction , '' you would expect it to set the tempo for the rest of the tracks . But , now you must keep in mind that you are listening to the 2 Skinnee J 's
 This is the second best cd that I own . After only to the wall . Sorry but that will always be my # 1 album . This album is so great ! I ca n't say enough about 2 Skinne J 's and their other albums ! I am in the radio business and wish I could play them 24 hours a day ! Sing Earthboy Sing , SuperMercado and now Volumizer are the best ! They have an earlier album but I have yet to find it . If you know of it , please let me know!rachel
 Support 2SJ , the band by downloading OFFICIAL 2 Skinnee J 's Digital Downloads -LRB- all 12 2SJ releases ! -RRB- available from the Official 2SJ webstore
 Volumizer starts off so well . Horns of Destruction , more than any other song on this album or the other two , shows just how well the J 's work the English language to a beat . From there , you get another very good song before you hit a pair of songs that are just too radio friendly for my liking . Grown Up and Girl With the World in Her Eyes are good songs , but they are n't the J 's at all . Then you get more good Skinnee action with Big Beat Evangelists , which I would say is the `` The Good , The Bad , and The Skinnee '' of Volumizer . It 's the anthem song on the album . The stretch of good songs ends with Pass the Buck , my favorite song on the CD , and the purest `` rap '' song I think the J 's have ever done . Then you hit another downer with Lemon Drop and Sugar & Candy , two songs which I find to be almost unlistenable . Loud Neighbor is stuck in there for good measure , followed by Coming Home , which is nothing more than a closing song . The album is very good , but they need to drop the radio-friendly poppy garbage and stick with the rappin and rhymin that their fans love them for .
 The 2 skinnee J 's are one of the most original bands out right now . I agree that Volumizer is not as good as supermercado and that Stockholm love should have been kept on the record . However , I think That part of why this record does n't seem so great is because I 've heard all the really good songs before -LRB- or the majority -RRB- so their were no suprises as to the tracks that I liked . The other thing to remember is that the J 's ar n't a hip hop band their are , As I like to call them `` nerd rap rock '' so I can understand tracks like Lemon Drop and others . And while these tracks may seem a little more radio friendly the J 's deffinatly did n't sit down and say `` I think will right a sugar ray song '' If anything these songs show the tallent of the band to be able to preform all sorts of of songs , from the heavy rap of Horns of Destruction to the poppy Lost and Found , they can do it all . While other bands : : cough :
 this cd good yeh it cool i listen and lie down yeh it good buy it but dont hop
 People 's Movement of Rock . Saw them a short while ago , no they have n't sold out . The power they have recieved over time was from word of mouth . Analyze their lyrics , listen to the message , you will find that the line they do n't play on the single version of `` Grown Up '' shows that they have n't sold out . If you think they 've sold out , see them in concert . I was surprised somewhat when a reaction I gave to something said on stage got a `` who the -LRB- expletive -RRB- to you think you are ? '' from someone in the audience . I laugh at her . She does n't hear the message . `` Just because we 're in some hard times , does n't mean we ca n't protest the government '' they were red rock , and still are.Peace and Equality to all
 I think this is some more great music from 2SJ . It 's a litte different than their older stuff , but it 's still solid . Everyone 's complaint seems to be Grown Up and Lemon Drop sounding `` commercial '' . Personally , I like these songs and it shows some welcome variety in their music . And even if they did only add these songs to sell more records , is n't that why they 're a band ? This is their job . I say good for them , I hope they get radio play and more people see how great these guys are .
 You either love 2 Skinnee J 's or hate them . I happen to be in the first part of the equation . I have listened to Supermercado numerous times and catch them in concert whenever I can . This CD has been 4 years in the making . It is a good listen . I have had the final release for two days now and have listened to it no less than five times . But where are songs like `` Stockholm Love '' the first single that was released in 2000 ? This CD is definately worth buying , but it will be more meaningful if you see some of these songs performed live first .
 When you hear the term rap-rock these days , you probably think of artists like Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock . But the label applies just as well to 2 Skinnee J 's . The J 's mix Beastie Boys-style old-school rap with guitar riffs and a healthy dose of humor . Clear some dance space in your bedroom and shout along to the hilarious `` Stockholm Love . `` Best Song
 rachel , there is a CD before Sing Earthboy Sing called Return of the New and Improved . it was released under the name Too Skinnee Js and the tracks are 1 . The Best 2 . Mindtrick 3 . You 're a Champion 4 . Skinnee Business 5 . Seven One Eight . 1 , 2 , 3 , and 5 are early versions of the tracks that are on Supermercado . they do also have a few cassettes that they made before Return of the New and Improved , but i do n't have those ...
 The 2SJ never cease to amaze me . I 've been waiting for `` Volumizer '' for about a year to come out ... the wait was worth it . The album is a concoction of beats and instruments that is sure to make anyone a fan for life . Join the 2SJ army!If you loved `` Supermercado '' then pick this baby up .
 its the second record i picked up by themif you want a proper introduction to the band , check out super mercado
 Unfortunately , as many a Skinnee Soldier is aware , this album has been pushed back and pushed back in its release . To our advantage , all of the ORIGINAL songs on the cd were available online . To our disadvantage , some of those really fun-j ` ed out songs have been cut . The songs , `` lemon drop '' , `` lost & found '' and the ever-radio friendly `` grown up '' have sadly replaced them . The 2 Skinnee J 's seem to have succomb to the record exec 's wishes and bubble-gummed up the works of what had the potential to be another dubiously infectious beat laden album . Unfortunately again , with these 3 new tracks , the beats are intermitent and disgracefully hidden and the flow of the cd is not what it could have been . I still highly reccommend this and other 2 Skinnee J cd 's , but do n't be in a rush to get this one . If you are looking for some great 2SJ material , try `` Sing , Earthboy , Sing '' or `` Supermercado ''
 This cd is very good , I like it , I bought it like 3 months ago , and I listen to it at least once a day . When I go to school , I bring all my Kid Rock cds , -LRB- 9 -RRB- -LRB- imports , singles , lp 's , ep 's -RRB- and I listen to them all day . I am a Hardcore Kid Rock fan , and this is a sweet cd.Jon
 This is a great single it is fun and enjoyable to listen to . if you have not listened to this single then i recommend you do
 I heard about this cat while listening to WHUR in DC and picked up his CD . I let it run and turned it up after every selection . Trained vocals belied the laid back approach ! Stay was my favorite !
 should be without this one or `` Introducing Gordon Chambers . '' My faves are The Next Time , Get To Know You , Unfair , If You Love Me - Say it , Do It , If It Was n't For Your Love -LRB- yes the one Heather Headley sings -RRB- and Still Blessing Me . This is smooth set .
 Chambers delivers a melodious and memorable album . Tracks like `` Unfair '' , `` If It Was n't For Your Love '' and `` Violins '' are masterful and will keep you coming back for more of this impeccable offering .
 This is a very good CD . There is no song on this CD that I do n't like , even though the radio only plays one song .
 I had been anticipating this album since Mr Chambers been under rated on his first album . Have said that i was blown away by the way Mr C put together his beat , am touched everyday i play this album ... . What are you waiting for get both albums ...
 this group was popular durng the mid to late 1960s . very good easy listening music & memory maker of the 60s . 3 hits during their time
 In a sea of holiday music fare , Lance Gibbon 's `` Christmas '' breathes new life into America 's favorite seasonal Carols . It 's jazzy , It 's new-agey , It 's cinematic , It 's spiritual . It 's more listenable than the popular Mannheim Steamroller CD 's with deeper and more varied textures . An elementary school teacher from Washington State , Lance Gibbon infuses these Christmas songs with all the energy and joy that children muster during this time of year . Yet , there 's a reverent beauty that shines through his sophisticated arrangements . This is wonderful instrumental holiday music . It 's a lovely soundtrack for your Christmas celebration . -LRB- And a great gift for other 's as well -RRB-
 I do not know if he is the `` treble of the century '' as notes to another cd with Connor Burrowes suggests , but his singing on this cd -LRB- and on two other cds that I know of -RRB- is the best treble voice -LRB- `` boy soprano '' ? -RRB- I have ever heard , and I have a number of cds with boy choirs and solos . The solo treble voice often has one or two of the following problems
 There seem to be two schools of thought when it comes to classical performances
 Conner Burrows is now choir master for the prestigious Boys Air Choir , made up of eight top treble choristers from St. Paul 's , Salisbury and Westminster Cathedrals . This choir was formed to be `` the best quality boy 's choir in the world '' . Conner is the feature soloist on this album recorded while he was a member of this choir and still had his pure treble voice . His has been called `` the greatest treble voice in this century '' by critics in Japan and his native England . Quoting from the fold-out in the album `` Like crystal , shining in the sun , like tears falling from your eyes - the voice of this boy will make you believe that life is forever '' . His `` Pie Jesu '' - tracts number 2 and 7 are all this and more . If you love treble voices , you will love this album . And yes , it 's okay to cry when you hear him .
 Connor Burrowes who is the leader of Boys air choir sings most of these albums solo . He is the top soloist of the British choir which has received the worldwide highest evaluation . His song is pure . I feel the light of the sound it crystal glass touches his song lightly and suits , the water which a mountain stream is cold and became clear , and the prism which shines with a solar light .
 Although released as a Boys Air Choir recording , this is rather misleading as Connor Burrows actually sings solo on this excellent choral offering.Connor , a former chorister from St.Paul 's Cathedral as were his younger singing siblings Edward and Patrick , was I feel in many way sadly overlooked as a suberb treble , by the deserving success of his fellow chorister at the time Anthony way.Connor Burrows sharper , and perhaps slightly more powerful tones in evidence on this solo album , are well suited to the tracks chosen for this recording.He sings Faure 's Sanctus beautifully , to match any other version of it I 've so far heard , and the scales he reaches in Lacrimosa have to be heard to be believed!He 's less well suited to singing the more gentle carols , Away In a Manger and In The Bleak Mid Winter , but overall a pleasing CD with a treble voice at its peak .
 I did n't always care for the arrangement or treatment , but Connor 's voice was enough to award 5 stars . I do n't like tinkering with music to contemporize it , but , that aside , the singing was quite good . I 'd have liked hearing more from the entire Air Choir instead of the choir serving primarily as back-up for Connor , who simply has an extarordinary voice and an exceptional talent to match it .
 This CD highlights one boys voice mostly . He has an angelic voice and is very talented , but if you did n't know it was a boy singing , you might think it was a girl or even an adult.I was hoping this CD would have more of a boyhood quality to it . Meaning , the singing would have lots of treble , but also an unmistakable boy sound . I was also hoping that I would hear more of the rest of the choir , rather than just the one boy.It is a very peaceful CD though , and I do not regret buying it .
 The insert in this CD is almost entirely in Japanese , which was somewhat of a disappointment to me . And Amazon lists 17 tracks for this CD , but the CD that I got -LRB- directly from Amazon , not through a dealer -RRB- had only 12 tracks . Tracks 13-17 shown on Amazon were not on the CD.Despite these two problems , this CD is still very much worth having . This is truly beautiful music .
 5 stars is all I can give ? I loved this cd . The voices are awesome and the music scores are right on the money . How can they sing that high without straining something I 'll never know but get this cd , you wo n't regret it .
 In Amazon 's description of the CD , they list the backup musicians as though they were primary , and make no mention of most of the actual choir members . Connor Burrowes sings the solos , backed up by his younger brother Edward , Simon Acott , Tim Burtt , Gerald Beatty , Matthew Davies , and Edward Pattenden . Critics have acclaimed Connor Burrowes as possibly the best treble soloist in recording history . As of 2007 , he is still at university studying music , and has developed an excellent tenor voice .
 Conner Burrows is now choir master for the prestigious Boys Air Choir , made up of eight top treble choristers from St. Paul 's , Salisbury and Westminster Cathedrals . This choir was formed to be `` the best quality boy 's choir in the world '' . Conner is the feature soloist on this album recorded while he was a member of this choir and still had his pure treble voice . His has been called `` the greatest treble voice in this century '' by critics in Japan and his native England . Quoting from the fold-out in the album `` Like crystal , shining in the sun , like tears falling from your eyes - the voice of this boy will make you believe that life is forever '' . His `` Pie Jesu '' - tracts number 2 and 7 are all this and more . If you love treble voices , you will love this album . And yes , it 's okay to cry when you hear him .
 I feel so sad because I ca n't find the Boys air choir 's CDs in China.But I bought them when I saw them on Amazon by friend 's help.Oh , their voices are so beautiful!In fact ,5 stars is really really not enough for their CDs!And there is a question I really need your help : Why do n't you have their 3-CD box set named `` Angel 's Music Box '' -LRB- It 's really a beautiful box set ! -RRB- or their 3rd album `` Air '' ? I trust Amazon could get them !
 There is nothing more to say then
 The band that was assembled for this album was different from the lineup of session musicians who had recorded the only Crazy Elephant hit , `` Gim me Gim me Good Lovin ' . '' With the new group , the studio failed to replicate the success of that single , but not without some pretty good efforts.The fast-paced , bubblegum pop sound is often reminiscent of another prefabricated band , The Grass Roots . Comparisons are especially strong on `` Sunshine , Red Wine , '' `` Heartless Hertie Gertie '' and `` There Ai n't No Umbopo '' -- one of the bonus tracks that had previously been released only as a single.A terribly sung , overly experimental and entirely too long cover of `` Respect '' gets in the way , as do a couple brief forays into psychodelia which fall flat . Still , Crazy Elephant is a surprisingly strong album , for a bunch of one-hit wonders who did n't even play their one hit .
 I saw them in concert in London playing most of the pieces in this album , and they 're a top-class group of artists !
 Mick hosts an National Public Radio program out of Sacramento , every Saturday . He 's introduced me to a lot a great blues and some of the history of the artists ; where the blues come from , the artists of the past , their affiliations
 This is an excellent CD from an exciting new band . It is refreshingly different to the usual ... . that is played on the popular music radio stations . The artwork on the CD cover is also very new and innovative , the designer , PINTSIZE must be a very talented individual who deserves recognition and praise . WELL DONE !!
 An interesting new band . The title song is perhaps the best on the CD but the rest are also interesting . I look forward to their next one .
 This release from New Direction was blessed . The tracks on this cd in my opinion are for easy listeners . A cd for those who need to get a away and reflect on their lives and relationship with CHRIST .
 I purchased the CD and it was wonderful . It is truly inspirational with an up-beat persona . My hats off to this magnificent piece of work
 I WOULD LIKE TO TAKE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO CONGRATULATE NEW DIRECTION ON THEIR 4 STELLAR AWARD NOMINATIONS . IN MY OPINION THEY ARE DESERVED . I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR NEXT PROJECT . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .
 A riveting album , consisting of a hiphop but spirtual flavor
 This CD is really hot . Almost every track is good enough to put in repeat mode . This CD is a pleasant surprise ... spread the word ... NEW DIRECTION , is great !
 New Direction is not just another youth choir , but should be considered as a ministry . New Direction has a positive message for both young and old , saved and unsaved . For those of you who like a more Hip-Hop feel , I recommend , Worship Christ or Lighthouse . For those of you that like more Funk , I recommend Dance or Satisfied , and for those of you that like ballads or something on the slow and mellow side , I recommend God 's Gift or You Love Me . New Direction -- The Ministry For A New Millenium .
 I JUST PURCHASED THIS ALBUM AFTER READING SOME OF THE REVIEWS ON THE COMPUTER AND I CAN SAY THAT EVRYTHING THAT THE INDIDVIUALS SAID ABOUT THE ALBUM WAS TRUE AND I HAVENT STOPPED LISTENING TO IT SINCE I BOUGHT IT . TO NEW DIRECTION KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .
 I WOULD LIKE TO TAKE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO CONGRATULATE NEW DIRECTION ON THEIR 4 STELLAR AWARD NOMINATIONS . IN MY OPINION THEY ARE DESERVED . I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR NEXT PROJECT . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .
 I would just like to say that I love this choir New Direction . I bought the Cd after seeing them perform in Cinncinnatti at a convention . I went right out the next day and got it . i just want to tell those young people to keep up the good work . May GOd bless them
 This message is for any indidivual who has not purchased this album yet . it is one that is put together well . The cd contains songs for both the youth and the old . It is not one of those albums where you will only listen to two or three songs it is one that you can enjoy from the beginning to the end . If you so happen beg to differ with me please email me and tell me why . Also , I would just like to add that I 'm a huge fan of Percy Gray Jr. -LRB- the producer -RRB- and I 've been since the recording of his first single . Well thats basically all I have to say , Go buy New Directions ALbum
 I am more of a traditional gospel person but as I mature in the Lord , I 'm able to get pass all of the hip-hop and hype of the music and get the message that 's being sung . I am a big fan of Percy Grey , Jr. and I think that his helping produce this project is what gave it that taste of `` chuch ! '' Overall I say that the project is good and I believe that it will bless the listeners .
 THIS GROUP HAS EVERYTHING A YOUNG CHRISTIAN NEED AND WANTS . HIP-HOP MUSIC BUT STRESSING THE LORD 'S NAME . I RECOMMEND THAT EVERYONE GET THIS CD .
 I THINK THAT THIS ABLUM IS THE BOMB . I BOUGHT THIS ABLUM ABOUT 2 MONTHS AND LISTEN TO IT ALL THE TIME AND FOUND MANY SOUNDS THAT I HEAR ON THE RADIO . BUT THE ONE THAT I NEVER HEARD WERE ALSO INSPIRING AND MOTIVATING AND VERY DELIGHTFUL TO HER . EVEN PEOPLE WHO HAVE HEARD ME LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM ASK ME `` WHO IS THAT '' AND `` WHERE CAN I GET IT '' IF YOU DO N'T HAVE THIS ABLUM AND LOVE GOSPEL * GET IT * OKAY !
 ... I think that Tav , Toya and Farrah deserve to be on the cover as well , as they were all part of Destiny 's Child -LRB- please , NOT DC-3 -RRB- at one time ! The remixes on here , I think are great . Especially the famous , best to date song `` No No No Part II '' it 's tight and Wyclef 's rap , a classic of 8 bars of Rap . I was even impressed by the `` Bootylicious '' Rockwilder did a great job and Missy , luved the rap man ! `` Survivor '' was the same but Da Brat made it more of something , than the original , why did kicked Michelle 's part outta here ! The best of course the `` Bug-A-Boo '' ReFugee Camp Remix with Wyclef was tight . I love LeToya in the beginning . Kiss 2 My 2 Angels LaTavia and LeToya ! Peace out y' all !
 Making a good remixalbum is not easy but we have one here -LRB- ? -RRB- . Some of the songs are even new recorded.No no no Part II -LRB- Extended version -RRB-
 A very good attempt at a remix album , though not as edgey , or tight as JLo . This is another stunner , but not always as some of the tracks are let down . First the bad . the remix of say my name I think is meant to sound chilled , but it just sounds wack . No particular thrilling climaxs , sound effects , or even vocals . Just a total Filler if there ever was one . Another one is the brat tat tat remix of survivor . It 's basically survivor with a rap - not very impressive . The Brat is a man ! IT either loves ITself , or IT drank too many beverages the night before . It -LRB- the rap -RRB- Is truly unimpressive , and possibly the worst thing ever in DC history -LRB- As far as songs go -RRB- . No for the highs . The Neptunes remix of emotions is really uplifting and , in some parts kind of gospel - ish , with stronger beats , louder , more outgoing vocals , and great vocals in general . The remix of Bug a boo Is really good . I do though think that perhaps it 's one of those that you will either love or hate . It did grow on me , but I already like it . It 's very loud and in your face , with breack done drum tones , and fantastic vocals . The No No No remix has to be the best . It is just a really good general pleaser . I dod n't really need to fill you in on that one though as I 'm sure you already heard it ! This album Is truly a must have , but I recommend JLo comes first . Go out and buy it , and do n't expect to be disapointed !
 A very good attempt at a remix album , though not as edgey , or tight as JLo . This is another stunner , but not always as some of the tracks are let down . First the bad . the remix of say my name I think is meant to sound chilled , but it just sounds wack . No particular thrilling climaxs , sound effects , or even vocals . Just a total Filler if there ever was one . Another one is the brat tat tat remix of survivor . It 's basically survivor with a rap - not very impressive . The Brat is a man ! IT either loves ITself , or IT drank too many beverages the night before . It -LRB- the rap -RRB- Is truly unimpressive , and possibly the worst thing ever in DC history -LRB- As far as songs go -RRB- . No for the highs . The Neptunes remix of emotions is really uplifting and , in some parts kind of gospel - ish , with stronger beats , louder , more outgoing vocals , and great vocals in general . The remix of Bug a boo Is really good . I do though think that perhaps it 's one of those that you will either love or hate . It did grow on me , but I already like it . It 's very loud and in your face , with breack done drum tones , and fantastic vocals . The No No No remix has to be the best . It is just a really good general pleaser . I dod n't really need to fill you in on that one though as I 'm sure you already heard it ! This album Is truly a must have , but I recommend JLo comes first . Go out and buy it , and do n't expect to be disapointed !
 I like Destiny 's Child and will buy anything that says DC . That is not to say that I ca n't an honest review.The album has some straight off goood remixes , most notably ` No No No Pt2 ' , 'Em otions ' , ` Bootylicious ' and ` Say My Name ' . It starts to fall off from there , only picking back up at ` Nasty Girl ' and ` Jumpin Jumpin ' . I think more thought and effort could have gone inot the selection of some of the mixes put on the album - some of the songs are dance mixes . Instead of the Bills Bills Bills and Jumpin ' Jumpin ' Dance mixes they could have put the ` Say My Name ' dance mix . Mos of the songs will have to grow on you . And since they have all been previously released if you did n't like it then you wo n't like it now.For the fan = Buy it!For the lay person = think about it first
 I have to say that it wasnt what i expected to be but I really liked it . And the best songs on there is : Emotions , Dot , and Heard a Word by Michelle.Being that im a big fan of them some songs werent that good like the dance mixes , but if you like that kind of music then you 'll like the cd.I recommend you to by the cd It 's not better than Survior , but it 's Good
 They are back the girl group that has a 4x platinum cd -LRB- that means they sold over four million copies of SURVIVOR -RRB- . Man i was really hesitent to buying this cd because , face it they kinda died out a whille a go , but anyways I have boughten remix cds that i am not very happy with -LRB- example
 This is a great remix cd from Destiny 's Child , just like everything Beyonce ' , Kelly , and Michelle do is great . Sure its a little different , but thats what makes it so great . I suggest everyone go out and buy it !
 I really luv this cd . It 's great driving music . . just turn up the bass and go!I would luv to take the time to review every song on the cd , but that would probably bore u , and besides , my opinions of each song may be different than what your opinions would be of each song , so i do n't wan na talk u out of buyin this cd , when really , u might like it . or i do n't wan na talk u into buyin this cd , when really u would hate it . ya know?anyways , this is a great cd . i really recommend that u buy it , if u are a big fan of D.C. . In my opinion , the only bad song is Say my Name , which used to be a good song , before the remixed it . the remix version of this song is very slow and not as catchy as the real one . but oh well , there 's always one bad song on every cd , if not more.later ~ Foxy-Hun ~
 THIS IS THE REMIX , is one of the best DC3 cds out . This has a variety of remixed songs that have been released and unreleased . Such songs already released were Say My Name -LRB- Timbaland Remix -RRB- , Jumpin Jumpin -LRB- Jermaine Dupri , Da Brat , Lil Bow Wow and then goes into Azza 's remix -RRB- , IWPT2 was released on their album Survivor , Survivor -LRB- Remix ft.Da Brat -RRB- Emotion -LRB- Neptunes Remix -RRB- , Bootylicious -LRB- Rockwilder Remix -RRB- and Bug A Boo -LRB- Refugee Camp Remix -RRB- . As far as I know , No No No Pt .2 -LRB- Extended Version -RRB- , Dot -LRB- The E-Poppi Remix -RRB- , Nasty Girl -LRB- Azza 's Nu Soul Mix -RRB- , Bills Bills Bills -LRB- Maurice 's Xclusive Livegig Mix -RRB- and So Good -LRB- Maurice 's Soul Remix -RRB- were n't commercialey released . This cd is great because why buy all the remixes on different cds when you can just buy this one cd so you can listen to them all on one cd . The highlight has to be the bonus track
 This latest offering from DC is hot ! Forget their recent album ` Survivor ' which was okay , but contained a few half baked songs and album fillers that should n't be there , this is the real stuff , that Beyonce , Michelle , Kelly -LRB- and all the ex members too -RRB- should be proud of .1 . No , No , No -LRB- Part 2 -RRB- : The album starts of with this hip hop tune from Wyclef that sounds perfectly in place . 5/52 . Emotion -LRB- Neptunes Remix -RRB-
 I 'm really not the biggest fan of remixes , because some of them go on way too long , and the original songs are usually better . However , I had to check this out , and overall I 'm glad I did . Though the remix of Nasty Girl has the exact same vocals as the original and a very repetitive music arrangement to back it , it is by far the worst song on the album . The other songs impressed me a lot more . My favorites include `` Bootylicious '' , which has an awesome guest rap from Missy Elliott , Say My Name , which is transformed into a smooth slow jam that sounds almost nothing like the original , and Bugaboo , which has a cool Latin-tinged piano part in the middle . Survivor is another highlight , with the powerful lyrics of Da Brat , and Heard a Word by Michelle Williams is the perfect finish for this disc , because it sort of winds everything down . However , if you 're not a big Destiny 's Child fan , or this is the first CD of theirs you 're considering buying , I would advise going for Survivor , their third CD , or The Writing 's on the Wall , their sophomore album .
 This CD is totally AWESOME ! My favorit remixes are Emotion , Say My Name and Bug a Boo . Michelle 's song is off the hook ! Here is my review for each individual song :1 -RRB- No , No , No Part 2 -LRB- Extended Version f / Wyclef Jean -RRB- This song is their first big hit ! it might be old but it still rocks . 5 STARS2 -RRB- Emotion -LRB- Neptunes Remix -RRB- This is an awesome remix it has the same lyrics but bangin ' new vocals . 5 STARS3 -RRB- Bootylicous -LRB- Rockwilder Remix f / Missy Elliot -RRB- This remix is awesome too but it would better if it was faster . 4.5 STARS4 -RRB- Say My Name -LRB- Timbaland Remix -RRB- This is the best remix on this CD and even in the world . It 's the remix of the best song in the world so of course it topped the original . Awesome new lyrics , beat and vocals . This is the best DC song ever ! OF COURSE 5 + STARS5 -RRB- Bug a Boo -LRB- Refugee Camp Remix f / Wyclef -RRB- This is an awesome remix which tops the original song . It has an awesome Latin flava part awesome raps by Wyclef awesome new vocals like when they sexily sing the hook -LRB- also the ohhs in the beggining -RRB- I LOVE THIS REMIX 5 + STARS6 -RRB- Dot -LRB- E-Poppi Remix -RRB- This is an awesome remix but it sounds to close to the original .3 STARS7 -RRB- Survivor -LRB- f / Da Brat -RRB- I 'm really mad that they put this remix on here its the same song as the original except with a rap by Da Brat .2 STARS8 -RRB- Independent Women Part 2This is an awesome remix Beyonce ` did a awesome job on this remix . The beat is fun and silly and the words are fun too ! 5 STARS9 -RRB- Nasty Girl -LRB- Azza 's Nu Soul Remix -RRB- This is a cool remix with a new beat and the same words . The beat over powers the vocals though .4 STARS10 -RRB- Jumpin ' Jumpin ' -LRB- So So Def Extended Remix f / Da Brat , JD and Lil ' Bow Wow -RRB- This is an awesome remix which is 7 minutes nand 16 seconds long which makes an awesome song to dance to . The raps are all awesome and the extended part is good 2 dance 2.11 -RRB- Bills , Bills , Bills -LRB- Maurice 's Xclusive Livegig MIx -RRB- This a cool remix with a disco beat and the same lyrics .3.5 STARS12 -RRB- So Good -LRB- Maurice 's Soul Remix -RRB- This is an awesome remix with awesome beats , lyrics and vocals . In the beginning of the song there is a whole bunch of people saying hat Destiny 's Child will fail and one guys says
 I listened to this album in a Borders Books & Music in my area and I was excited but yet annoyed at this album . Some of these we have all heard before ... including `` No No No Part II '' which is the radio version released . In addition there is n't really much of a remix to `` Jumpin ' Jumpin ' '' I was expecting more from Jermaine Dupri and the So So Def crew . It 's just filled in rap with the same back ground making the song a bit longer but not by much . `` Emotions '' remixed sounds great and the harmonies are much better then the original . `` Say My Name '' Timbaland remix is OK but I 've already heard this among others in `` Love : Destiny '' which was an exclusive album available in Target stores . So ... if u have heard most of these remixes before or have the `` Love : Destiny '' -LRB- which was like 5 dollars or somewhere around there -RRB- album then I would NOT reccomend this . BUT if you got into Destiny 's Child around their `` Say My Name '' and `` Survivor '' songs then I reccomend this ... for it includes the song that started it all
 this is the remix is an awesome new cd I think everyone should own ! here is a track by track review ! 1 -RRB- No , No , NO pt .2 -LRB- extended -RRB- -LRB- with wyclef jean -RRB- - this is just the same as the original remix but it is about 1 minute longer!much better then the original , great to dance to .10 / 102 -RRB- Emotion -LRB- the neptunes remix -RRB- same lyrics as the original but it has fast dance beats and new vocals .10 / 103 -RRB- bootylicious -LRB- rockwilder remix -RRB- - different lyrics then the original.has slow beats and new vocals .10 / 104 -RRB- say my name -LRB- timbaland remix -RRB- - Great remix , new lyrics , new vocals , new beats and IMO better then the original .10 / 105 -RRB- bug a boo -LRB- refugee camp remix with wyclef jean -RRB- - very different than original , alot better , new lyrics , new beats , new vocals .10 / 106 -RRB- dot -LRB- the e-poppi remix -RRB- - same as the original just has different beats .10 / 107 -RRB- survivor -LRB- extended -RRB- -LRB- with da brat -RRB- - this is n't the greatest remix ever.the original is much better .1 / 108 -RRB- independent women pt.2-same thing that 's on the survivor alum , very fun song .9 / 109 -RRB- nasty girl -LRB- azza 's nu soul mix -RRB- - same as original with different beats .1 / 1010 -RRB- jumpin ' jumpin ' -LRB- extended version with JD , da brat , and lil ' bow wow -RRB- - this is just two remix 's put into one .7 / 1011 -RRB- bills , bills , bills -LRB- maurice 's xclusive livegig mix -RRB- - very cool remix.one of my favorites .10 / 1012 -RRB- so good -LRB- maurice 's soul remix -RRB- - also a very cool remix.I love it .10 / 1013 -RRB- heard a word -LRB- solo track from michelle williams -RRB- - this is an okay song , not the kind of music I listen but it 's relaxing .5 / 10So that 's my review.Hope it was helpful ! go pick the album up , you wo n't be dissapointed !
 THIS ALBUM HAS SO MANY GOOD THINGS ABOUT IT.THE WHOLE CD IS NOTHING BUT BOOTYSMAKIN GOOD . -LRB- BOOTYLICIOUS LICK ` EN GOOD -RRB- THE REASON I GAVE DC -LRB- 3 -RRB- A 5 IS BECAUSE NOT ONLY DO THEY HAVE KELLY , MICHELLE , AND B'EYONCE IN IT.IT ALSO HAVE MY OLD TWO GIRLS.LATOYA AND LATAVIA.THIS WHOLE CD IS THE BOMB.AND I REALLY THINK U SHOULD GET IT . DC -LRB- 3 -RRB- 3EVER .
 I thought this was a pretty good album , considering that these have been heard before in their original states . I thought the beats were hot . -LRB- scale of 1-5 -RRB- No , No , No part 2
 This cd has DC 's hottest songs and the best remixes . They do n't even sound like the old ones , but they are definitely hot ! A great cd to jam to . A surprising remix was `` Emotions '' 'cause on this cd , it 's fast , not slow , and it sounds really good . If you 're a DC-3 fan -LRB- and who would n't be ? -RRB- you wo n't be disappointed by this cd !
 Ahh ... the good ol' days of Destiny 's Child ! I loved them so much and was helplessly obsessed with them . -LRB- Well ... I guess I still am . -RRB- So obsessed that I would get into verbal arguments with classmates that made fun of them or called them classless , etc. -LRB- Do n't get me started on what it was like to be a huge Mariah Carey fan during the Glitter/mental breakdown period . Haha . -RRB- But I digress.As a fan , I bought almost every maxi-single they ever came out with and I played them out . When Destiny 's Child did remixes , they did them all the way . They re-recorded vocals , wrote new lyrics , and in the case of the Timbaland Remix of `` Say My Name , '' they would create a completely different song . So when I heard they were coming out with a remix album , I was ecstatic.Even though I already have most of these remixes -LRB- and even a few album tracks -RRB- on CD already , I 'm glad that they compiled the best on one disc . And the amazing Neptunes Remix of `` Emotions '' was worth the purhcase alone for me . This remix album is an overall enjoyable experience and I still listen to it all of the time .
 No No No Part 2 had no reason to be extended -LRB- there , I said it -RRB- . Emotion -LSB- Neptunes Remix -RSB- is so much better than the original . The music is 100x better and their vocals are better as well . Bootylicious -LSB- Rockwilder Remix -RSB- was good , but should have been faster , not slower than the original . Now , Say My Name -LSB- Timbaland Remix -RSB- is good as a slow remix . Sounds much better than the original . I do n't know about Bug A Boo -LCB- Refugee Remix -RSB- , both versions do n't really appeal to me . Dot -LCB- E-Poppi Remix -RSB- sounds similar to the original , but he made it sound more `` Black '' if you know what I mean . Survivor -LSB- `` Extended '' Remix -RSB- is horrible . That ai n't no remix , that 's like a 2nd version of the song . They should put on the radio remix that 's on the Import of Survivor Album . Independent Woman II is great . Nasty Girl -LSB- Azza Nu Soul Remix -RSB- is great . Now here comes the club medleys , Jumpin Jumpin -LSB- Extended Remix -RSB- . Starts off with So So Def then goes into a club mix , the club mix sounds better . Next without stopping comes Bills , Bills , Bills -LSB- Livegig Remix -RSB- , sounds just as good as the original . Without stopping again is So Good -LSB- Nu Soul Remix -RSB- . Starts off with people talking at a party then the music comes in , a slowed down version of the song . Heard A Word sucks . Good remix cd though . Die hard DC fans only !
 Its pretty hott just to have a old songs turn into new again . Must have for fans of DC . Same my name is a hott track with new flavor , along with Bootylicious the best track on the joint . Overall its a pretty good album to keep the fans happy .
 This is the Remix is one the best albums from Destiny 's Child . The only problem I had was with the remix of Emotions , but nevertheless , the album was very good . I recommend that everyone purchase it . This album is proof of Destiny 's Child 's style and versatility . The album reinteraates Destiny 's Child 's vocal abilities and their ability to make their best songs their best songs again . This is the Remix is album is one I recommend to the ones that love to dance and groove . This is an album that you wo n't want to pass up .
 The remixes on this album are great . But the set is a tad disappointing . `` Survivor '' Remix has verse 2 cut . And If you own The Vinyl record edition -LRB- Which this review is on -RRB- , `` Heard a word '' is missing . The `` Jumpin Jumpin '' remix is great . It starts with the So-So Def remix and then bursts out into a slow remix with new vocals . Other than that , This is a great remix album . It also helps cut down on having to buy all of DC 's cd and vinyl singles , which a lot of the remixes appear on .
 This is a good album for those who are not familiar with destiny 's child . The remixed versions of No , No , No , Independent Women and other songs show why they are one of the top girl groups out there today .
 Ok , so it 's only a remix album - the band are currently at a ` crossroads ' in their career so this package has been quickly released.On the whole , the remixes are of a superb quality -LRB- the best ones being the incredible `` Bootylicious Rockwilder Mix '' and `` Say My Name Timbaland Mix '' -RRB- . The problem is
 I have to say at first i was a bit sceptable about getting this is the remix by DC . Because i loved j.los remix album and i didnt think anything could compare . But i was wrong.DC DID IT AGAIN !!! These remixes are great and Beyonce said that each remix was recorded after the orignal was recorded , and isnt just the same voices over a diff . track and she feels these are even hotter than the original versions she told MTV . I have to agree . I just wonder if the old dc songs were newly done with michelles voices . plus this cd comes with a bonus track from michelles gospel album due out april 16 so everyone get it !! my only gripe is some of these were already out and had them like the carmen soundtrack . stand out tracks areno no nobootyliciousbugaboodotsay my namejumpin jumpinso goodnasty girlemotionsand michelles heard a wordGET THIS REMIX WE CAN HELP IT DO BETTA ON THE CHARTS AND SUPPORT MICHELLES NEW ONE OUT APRIL 16 .
 I have always been a Destiny 's Child fan . This CD is so nice , and I happy that the songs are really remixed . Michelle also has a hot new single ! I ca n't wait for her CD to come out !
 This latest offering from DC is hot ! Forget their recent album ` Survivor ' which was okay , but contained a few half baked songs and album fillers that should n't be there , this is the real stuff , that Beyonce , Michelle , Kelly -LRB- and all the ex members too -RRB- should be proud of .1 . No , No , No -LRB- Part 2 -RRB- : The album starts of with this hip hop tune from Wyclef that sounds perfectly in place . 5/52 . Emotion -LRB- Neptunes Remix -RRB-
 This is a must have for any Destiny 's child fan . It has all the remixs from there three albums -LRB- destiny 's child , wotw , survivor -RRB- , with a bonus track from michelles solo album . Michelles song is called `` heard a word '' which is a song for anyone who is haveing a hard time in there life . the new remix of emotions is one of my personal favorites which is like a totally different song from there survivor album . Not there best song would have to be `` dot '' , it is one of there most childish songs they ever made . but over all i would suggest this album to any destiny 's child fan !!! remember to get michelles solo album called `` my hart to yours '' which comes out april 16th !!!
 no one who cares about opera should miss the chance to see and hear mario del monaco and tito gobbi together `` live '' as otello and iago , roles in which they were unsurpassed in their time.it 's true that this dvd 's audio and video quality do n't match modern standards , but for a 1959 tv broadcast they 're perfectly fine , and the theatricality of the stars will sweep you away . del monaco and gabriella tucci as desdemona sing a ravishing `` gia nella notte densa '' that will surprise anyone who has dismissed del monaco as relentlessly loud.necessary caveats
 Having heard Marilyn Horne perform on three occasions between 1974 and 2001 , I can highly recommend the DVD `` Marilyn HorneSings Famous Arias '' which features a concert with orchestrafrom 1986 conducted by Miss Horne 's long-time accompanist andcapable conductor , Martin Katz . Horne sails thru Gluck , Meyerbeer , Saint-Saens , Rossini and Bizet arias with her usualflawless bel canto technique , coloratura , phrasing and consumate artistry . This is indeed a wonderful event for students of singing to study and learn many lessons from . The film is of good quality and sound and the dramatic coloratura mezzo-soprano clearly demonstrates why she is often called one of the greatest American singers of all time . There is no filmed interview with the singer and her conductor . I 'd personally have enjoyed seeing Miss Horne and Mr. Katz comment on this film on the music . Miss Horne is as delightful in her interviews as she is in performance . This is a no-frills DVD.You get the concert . Period ! The DVD does n't allow for isolating each individual selection , either , however it is still a MOST worthwhile addition to your musical library ! New young singers have told me that they can get an idea of how it must have been to see Marilyn Horne in concert . This veteran enjoys being reminded and the DVD will get MUCH viewing by my students , colleagues and fellow music lovers .
 It is a shame that no one has written a review for this soundtract as of yet , so here I go . I found this soundtrack to fit exceptionally well for the film that it accomanied . Some of the songs are a bit repetitive and long , but I guess that is the nature of any soundtrack . It is a fun and upbeat album , and the only thing that it is lacking is `` Been Cought Stealing '' by Janes Addiction .
 I think this is an excellent album . As a soundtrack , it embodies the movie quite well . It also uses samples of Kevin Spacey from the movie . It has a bluesy/jazz feel to it with Instrumentals and moderately slow melodies . I highly recommend this soundtrack to all fans of the movie and fans of Kevin Spacey .
 The Jean Goldkette Orchestra is in full form on this cd . You have top-name musicians like Bix Beiderbecke , Frank Trumbauer , Doc Ryker , Steve Brown , Chauncey Morehouse , etc. . , who are showing you what real musicians can do.This was the hottest dance orchestra in the 1920 's . Musicians and fans would flock from everywhere to see these guys perform when they came close to a town near them . Imgaine this group beating Fletcher Henderson and His Orchestra in a Battle of the Bands in New York at the Roseland Ballroom . Fletcher Henderson had the top band in New York , and would defeat any band that would pass through for the Battle of Music.On this cd , you should listen to track 4 , `` Dinah . '' This is the first time an electrical mic was used , and Steve Brown stood 2 feet away from it with his bass , so you can really hear him hitting the strings on the `` hot '' part of the tune.All the songs are great , but my favorite , `` My Pretty Girl , '' still stands out amongst them all . Just have a listen-you 'll see what I mean !
 Twenties dance orchestras did n't come any better than this . There are a number of absolute classics on this ample disc . The only problem I have - and any sensitive listener would agree - is the inexplicable lapses in sound quality that occasionally mar the otherwise perfect listening experience . For example , for 4 bars , as a vocal chorus begins , a hugely noticeable hiss suddenly comes in from out of nowhere and disappears just as suddenly . This happens about a half dozen times in all and it 's really distracting . Otherwise , Lang & Venuti are a joy as always and the Bix tunes cook like nothing else ; he was never in more empathic company . These arrangements are deeply satisfying and stand up to many listenings . Goldkette could swing as well as - or better than - any pre-swing dance band , including Whiteman , who boasted many of the same sidemen . If you 're at all interested in this type of jazz -LRB- sort of -RRB- , get it NOW !
 Jean Goldkette should be mentioned along with Paul Whiteman when people talk about the great white jazz bands of the 1920s . Besides his exciting arrangements , he was an innovator . When other bands used a tuba , Goldkette use a bass . And while other bands used a banjo , Goldkette had a guitar player . Another reason Goldkette 's arrangement are recognizable
 Having heard and enjoyed a few Jean Goldkette tracks over the years , I looked forward to hearing what else his orchestra had done long ago . Well , the rest is a bit up and down . Some great jazz performers of the day are in there , including Bix , Tram , Joe Venuti , Eddie Lang , Hoagy Carmichael and the Dorseys , who individually put in some great performances , but in somewhat variable settings . In ` Clementine ' , for example , there is a fine saxophone duet with Tram , followed by a great Bix solo , but with what seems to be a baby in the background trying unsuccessfully to bang two saucepan lids together in time to the music.Some of the lyrics are so mushily embarrassing they would make a yak wince or a llama blush , but since when have pop tune lyrics been any different ? Some of the singers , in the thirty seconds they had for solos in those days , are polished and enjoyable , for example the Keller Sisters , one of whom you 'd swear was Ethel Merman , and also Hoagy in ` So Tired ' . But some other warblers are either cheesy , fruity or nutty , or a mixture of cheese , fruit and nut combined . ` My Pretty Girl ' is a hot number where an inspired bass-slapper is allowed near the microphone and given free rein to his slapping . Gratuitous sarcasm aside , I like this CD and play it often .
 This disc contains a brief history of great music from the ' 20 's interspersed with embarassing schlock that would make a mother wince . Most people will buy it , and justly so , to hear Bix ; however , after listening , the discerning buyer will be happy that he has heard Steve Brown , a very under-rated musician , at his best . Frank Trambauer carries his friend Bix , either through direct inspiration or with wonderful counterpoint in several of the songs . Some of the cuts , like I Did n't Know , have been mastered through a string telephone . But carping about the sound when you 're listening to history , or complaining that Chauncey Morehouse was only permitted one high-hat and a snare in the studio , and thus criticising his drumming seems tawdry.This is a great addition for both jazz neophyte and discerning collector of twenties memoribilia . But when you hear the `` restoration '' -LSB- sic -RSB- , you will mourn again the passing of John Davies , who knew how to treat this sort of material .
 My husband 's favourite single was given to him by a friend more than 40 years ago . It was a Memorable Session volume 5 featuring Lionel Hampton and his Paris All Stars with the titles Always and Real Crazy . We still have it , but is no longer in a state to play on the record player since it is literally worn out . We have been looking for a replacement on an LP or CD for ages . Recently I discovered Amazon.com and to our surprise I fount out when I was browsing that the original recordings are newly released . We received it today and and played it immediately . The sound quality of the remastered titles is superb and not only my husband 's favourites were on it , but also other titles , of which we did not know the existence . To us all the titles are anything but outdated and I am sure that we will play the CD time and time again especially at parties . The music is really infatuating and makes you feel like dancing .
 Now I can see what those hands are doing ! This dvd has 29 songs and you can watch Stephen playing three distinctly different instruments - Morris 6-string acoustic , a Merrill Brothers copy of a vintage Dyer harp guitar and a 1930 National Steel . Wow !
 The guy is amazing . This DVD is for anyone who loves good guitar music , but it is especially good for guitar players because it is one of the rare videos that focuses only on the player , and players often enjoy seeing the focus solely on the musician and the instrument . This method allows players and purists to see tricks and subtle nuisances in the playing style that ca n't be found from concert videos . There are no words and no audience - just Stephen Bennett playing song after song after song .
 TWO INSTANT CLASSIC FROM LOS ILEGALES AND TWO BETTER TRACKS FROM LA BANDA DEL SWING
 I have to take issue with the Soul Jazz label for the very limited amount of label information on offer , which is pared to the minimum . What year did this track originally come out ? What label was it on ? What won it its inclusion on this selection ? No answers to be found here , though it seems to scan a period from the 1960s to the present time.However , no quarrel with the musical contents ; as it says on the jacket
 This is the fifth installment of the awesome '' Dynamite '' reggae compilations , and the quality still remains unbelievably high . All sorts of styles are represented on these discs in no particular order , it seems to me that the only requirement needed is that the tracks have to be genuine Jamaican classics , that are as vital today as they were when first released . The reputation of these compilations is such , that people in the know buy each new release without bothering to read it ` s reviews , such is their confidence in the compilers at Soul Jazz Records . The biggest compliment I can give to these compilations is that they ` ll be talked about , and danced to , long after they ` ve been deleted .
 What is it about Reggae that makes it so appealing to the masses ? Maybe the fact that it 's like the coolest type of music in the world ? I mean , Willie William 's Armageddon Time in 100 % really blew the people away . This time around in 500 % , expect the same thing , but the fact that it 's so cool should n't mean a damn thing . A real Summertime c.d. Suck down the cerveza , smoke the cohiba , and listen to these bad boys .
 PERTO DE DEUS is a great ROOTS REGGAE album !!!! After some rock and rap , CIDADE recorded a pure ROOTS REGGAE album with great songs like SINAIS , HOMEM QUE FAZ A GUERRA , ALEM DAS ONDAS and the title track !!!! TOTALLY RECOMMENDED if you like sweet REGGAE music !!!!!!!!!
 Never thought this would see the light of day on CD . I wore out my viynl copy , back when we were playing at being mods . Secret Affair definately played second fiddle to The Jam , and only because Weller & Co thought of it all first -LRB- second time around -RRB- . This is a wonderful platter , its not angst ridden , a stab at genuine pop music , a nod toward the 60 's but original in its concept . As a band they were too clean cut to be taken seriously by the UK music press -LRB- and unfortunately , lumped in with the rest of the Mod bandwagon -RRB- but play & write they could . From the opening title cut , to the added extra tracks this is well worth the cash , and now they 've re-issued the 2 following albums , also worth a listen . An album representative of a period in time when it was truly great to be young ... Keep the faith ! P.S. . The Greatest Hits album is a winner , the best of all 3 releases , sound as a pound ...
 Ahhh ... to be 19/20 years old in New York City when this record came out !!! If you were cool -LRB- a regular NME reader -RRB- and a Jam fanatic , then the release of this record and the movie Quadrophenia at the same time was heaven sent.I remember walking in to a tiny NYC club downtown winter of '79 and hearing Time for Action blasting out the front door and I was captured forever . Went to see Secret Affairs first few gigs here at Hurrahs and Privates . Great shows , tons of energy and very unique . Unfortunately , their second album just couldnt deliver the goods completely -LRB- although My World was fine -RRB- and the press slagged them off by their third album.Glory Boys is one of the great rock albums of the 1980 's .
 This is a great modern pop-rock album . sure , the logical classification it is is given is `` mod revival '' , but the truth is that this album is better than anything that ever came out of teh revival -LRB- save for the jam -RRB- . The album not only showcases great mod rock , but also motown dance beats , anthemic lyrics , and souful brass . I really like this album . I think this one of the few albums to come out of the mod revival that will actually live on , and maybe even find it 's way into people 's music collection who are not at all interested in mod rock , but just good music . ...
 Secrect affair are the perfect example of a brilliant pop band that were more ore less derailed by a relentlessly vindictive UK press snobbery.The blessing of time is that those reviews are dead and gone ... only the music remains.This debut is a joy from beginning to end.One can still get chills listening to New Day , Glory Boys , and the extended bliss of I 'm Not Free -LRB- But I 'm Cheap -RCB- . The production is pristine , the songwriting is top-notch ... and to these jaded ears sounds just as fresh and vibrant as it did 20 + years ago.Egad ... 20 + years!Good news : they still exist , albeit with a different line-up as The Affair.Great news : critics die and are forgotten , but music like this is timeless .
 It took composer and keyboardist Jennifer Cutting seven years and several Atlantic crossings to complete her `` Ocean '' journey , to meld sea and soul , myth and music into a thoroughly absorbing listening experience . It may take the rest of us nearly as long to fully appreciate the achievement.No mere folksy , salt-water song cycle , `` Ocean
 This composition is a truly magical mystical hero 's journey into haunting and healing melodies and lyrics ! From the cover art , the liner notes , quotations , and without question the music one is immediately taken with the first sounds of the waves and the siren 's voice calling you to discover what is next on this wonderful composition . I love it and am telling everyone I know to buy this CD immediately ! Hurrah for you Jennifer for staying the course with your vision . May you have much success and continue to compose such visionary music . The world needs this kind of healing now more than ever ! Bravo !
 I just saw Jennifer Cutting perform with the equally incredible Grace Griffith -LRB- who does vocals on the album -RRB- and the Ocean Orchestra at a store in Hagerstown , MD outside Washington D.C. Jennifer richly deserves all the awards she has won ! I , like all in the audience , was blown away ! This is truly a transcendent body of work that transports the listener to a magical place in one 's soul . I purchased four copies of this CD as Christmas presents for friends.I also recommend the groups Connemara and The New St. George , and the solo projects of Grace Griffith who , despite the young onset of Parkinson 's Disease , has an otherworldly angelic voice and an inspiringly wonderful spirit . In short , listening to this cd will make you feel so good in so many ways . My love , best wishes and gratitude to all involved in this project .
 This album is extraordinary in that every cut is carefully crafted . Music that transports the soul , including electric arrangements of traditional music and original compositions . Several singers and artists are showcased . Arranged and composed by Jennifer Cutting . I ca n't wait for the next album to come out .
 Beautiful and insightful music . Lovely mood set by the lyrics and the meshing of various instruments and sounds . Neat album .
 I find Greg Howlett 's music soothing and edifying . The way he has arranged the hymns helps me focus on the words of the hymn which causes me to meditate on the Lord . I greatly appreciate his use of conservative music . I highly recommended Greg 's music to anyone .
 Greg Howlett 's music is peaceful and relaxing background music - very soothing to the soul . I truly appreciate his style of playing . I 'm a hymn lover so I love his focus on hymns and Christian choruses .
 This box set is a must for people that love Toby Keith 's old school music.It 's got his first three albums.This is back when Toby Keith had some REALLY good songs out.I 'm not much into his newer stuff at all.It sounds nothing like this.Buy this if you 're a fan of his earlier music like I am .
 The Beta Band 's new release is more than an album , it 's an experience . From the first chords of `` Dry the Rain '' to the murmers of `` The House Song , '' listeners will be capitivated , if not a little perplexed . Although the inevitable Beck comparisons could be made , the Beta Band are very different from the country-pop star . Unlike Beck , they produce their own sounds , and their songs certainly are n't anything close to danceable . Yet their county-folk roots shine through , and mix with their rock n ' roll power chords , making a truly enjoyable mix of sounds . The lead singer 's strong , deep vocals add an edge to the songs , making the Beta Band 's U.S. debut one of the most interesting albums of the year . It 's one you can listen to again and again , but never hear it exactly the same .
 curiously , I , too , was recommended this cd by a MTV friend in London . Hmmm , maybe it 's the same friend . Buy with relish ! what a treat you 've got coming !
 This is the best new band I have heard in many years . Turned on by an MTV friend in London , this was not available for many months in the states . Take full advantage .
 I believe that this CD is a landmark in the musical work , brimming with a genius and power all its own , not to mention a sound all its own . I love The Beta Band-they 're unlike anything I 've ever heard . The CD starts with the pop `` Dry The Rain '' which is a very good song , but t hardly sets the tone for the album . In fact , every song is so different that you can not really point out any one song that is a perfect example of what the Betas do . Everything is different . Next come two nice instrumental tracks , both very catchy , and after that `` Dogs Got A Bone '' a song that is a lot of fun to be sure , but not anything truly special . The song after it , however , is . ` Inner Meet Me ' is a truly a masterpiece . Not just because it 's such a cool sounding song , but also for the fact that it only uses two notes throughout the entire song . The Betas somehow manage to squeeze six minutes of like out of two notes . Not only did they succeed , but they did it so well that every time I listen to it I wish the song would never end . After that are two forgettable tracks , ` The House Song ' and ` Monolith ' , after which comes the ingenous ` She 's the One ' , perhaps the most elaborate , strange , and catchy song I 've ever heard . ` Push it Out ' and ` It 's over ' are just a little too strange for me , as is ` Dr. Baker ' . However , that song -LRB- Dr. Baker -RRB- seems to me to have some hidden genius in it that I ca n't quite point out , something intangible . And then the slow ` Needles In My Eyes ' ends the album on a nice vote . I think history will one day remember The Beta Band as the most unique bands ever , and see this CD as a landmark in modern music .
 if you are planning on purchasing this cd used beware because nearly all the used copies are former promos , i 'm just sayin ' . i 'd like to get the original record ep versions but they are expensive , do n't believe me ? , check ebay
 I have no idea how I heard of the Beta Band or exactly why I purchased this CD in 2003 , but I did and I 'm glad . It is enjoyable . I like different - this is different . If you 're one of those people who listens to Marilyn Manson one minute and old country the next , and a variety of things in between , then this will have a place in there somewhere , too .
 To anyone who knows a give-a-dog-a-bone about music , this is not exactly intricate stuff . My dead gramma could play something more complicated with her rattling bones . But , as my talented musical friend once objected to my complaints about Radiohead -LRB- yes , I complained about Radiohead , can you believe it ? -RRB- , sometimes it takes a genius to take something simple and obvious and transform it into something noone has ever heard before.Now I 'm not claiming that these Scottish slackers are geniuses or even groundbreaking . In fact , I 'd bet the farm that they are the lazy derivative talentless slobs they sound like . But the fact is , this album , for what it is worth , contains an infectuous warm fuzzy something that transcends the simplicity with which it was crafted . Most of us are not always in the mood to listen to `` challenging '' music -LRB- in fact , most of us never listen to challenging music at all -RRB- and this album certainly should not be filed next to Jaco Pastorius . When your soul needs some swabbing with some mellow and blissful honey , this will do the trick . I 'm gon na go home and listen to it tonight .
 Just buy this album . ` Dry the rain ' is the best song ever . ` Dog 's got a bone ' is close to being the best ballad ever . Each song is as original and unexpected as an earthquake . Push it out . Feel the Beta vibe .
 Wow ... This is one great CD . I am usually only a fan of classic rock -LRB- the Doors , Pink Floyd , Led Zeppelin -RRB- but a friend of mine told me I had to listen to The Three EP 's . I had no desire to and was a little pissed that he kept pushing me to listen to this group I had never heard of . After listening to them once , and after hearing the song I Know , I was hooked . This CD is incredible . There is n't a song I do n't like -LRB- although Monolith is a little long and I would n't miss it if it was n't there ... it 's okay , but nothing like the other songs -RRB- . Dry The Rain , I Know , Dogs Got A Bone , The House Song , She 's The One ... on and on ... these songs are TIGHT ! I encourage anyone out there , no matter your taste in music , to listen to this CD . I assure you that you will find it strange , yet very enjoyable . And this CD is MUCH better than The Beta Band 's self-titled first CD and better than their second CD Hot Shots II , although Hot Shots II is better than the self-titled CD . All I can say is that this CD should belong in EVERYONE 'S collection . It will open your mind and senses and leave you knowing that you have heard a really great chunk of music . YOU WILL NOT REGRET BUYING THIS CD !!! And you will not be able to stop listening to it . YES !!! IT 'S THAT GOOD ! I PROMISE !
 I 've had the good fortune of driving in Scotland , an excellent method of refining ones sense of humor . Scots themselves , The Beta Band are great fun . And thus , incredibly serious . I pay a bit of attention to detail , and I noticed on the back of the CD box the cut and pasted lines `` another bee god will be operated at a maximum of 150mph '' . How can you not love such surly madness . And the music is better . Everybody knows the good stuff
 A brief , biased squib : This CD contains some very good songs -LRB- `` Dry the Rain , '' famous for being on the `` High Fidelity '' soundtrack , and `` Inner Meet Me , '' which seems to be the favorite of amazon.com reviewers -RRB- and some good songs -LRB- `` I Know , '' `` B+A '' -RRB- . I 'm giving it a five-star rating because of two truly transcendent sounds
 My roommate brought this CD home and did n't take it out of the player for 5 weeks . I think I plugged into it on the second or third time through . But then I forgot about it after I moved out.Then I saw High Fidelity and was suddenly reminded of how much the album rocks . That one catchy , repetitive chorus in `` Dry the Rain '' hooked me back in and made me hungry to hear the album again . I have since purchased it and can say it holds up well to multiple , multiple listenings . I look forward to more from them ...
 `` Dry the Rain '' was a perfect choice for the High Fidelity soundtrack ... took me back to my teenage years , browsing through albums at the store and then suddenly tuning into what I thought was a breakthrough song coming over the store 's system . But forget Track 1 for a minute , the rest of this album is wonderful , minimal but rich and totally enjoyable ! My one-year-old son and I listened to this album 3 times today . That 's a honor usually reserved for The Replacements in our house !
 The Beta Band first came to my notice when I saw `` High Fidelity '' . Being intrigued I first picked up the soundtrack , and then this disc . This is a masterful disc . For those listeners who are not adventurous , The Beta Band may not be for you . The band can not be shoehorned into any neat category and the music is 180 degrees from today 's incarnation of pop music.Given the previous high marks granted to this disc , `` The Three E.P. 's '' could have been set up for a big fall in my opinion . Happily this proved not to be the case . This disc has become one of my most heavily played discs and will remain so for a long time . Personal favorites are `` Dry The Rain '' , `` She 's The One '' , and `` Needles In My Eyes '' . I must have for the musically adventurous !
 Having got this CD in 1998 , i thought i oughta review it . Not knowing what to expect , i put it in my cd-player and from 00:00:00 was completely blown away by it all . They are the most innovative British group for a LONG time ! You know you 've got a good CD when you ca n't decide on the best track and do n't skip any of the others . Any score less than 5/5 needs examining because this is as close to perfect as you are going to get in this day and age of pop rubbish ! Get this album now - you do n't know what you are missing !
 Thank goodness for the Beta Band ! I must say this album is a real treat for the ears - sonically broad , lyrically uplifting , and overall a good time for all . Kinda like if Graham Parsons spliced his genes with Beck Hanson , had a daughter , who then married David Byrne and had a mess of kids , thereby amounting to the Beta Band . Musically , it 's that hard to pin them down , and that 's a good thing . Definitely an album that can be enjoyed for ages on end - the only drawback I felt was the appropriately titled ` Monolith ' . But hey everyone is entitled to their madness .
 While listen to this EP i found that music as discover a new way to reborn . This guys have made a very original and fascinating mixture of diferent sounds and influences of all kind . Just waiting for the album . Keep on with the good work !!
 I finally purchased this album after owning the High Fidelity soundtrack for several years and loving `` Dry The Rain '' by The Beta Band . `` The Three E.P. 's '' is not exactly what I expected , but I still find myself really liking the album . I had expected a typical band with a lead singer -LRB- and therefore lyrics -RRB- , but a lot of these songs are instrumentals and even the ones with lyrics tend to use the voice as another instrument -LRB- a lot of repetition is used -RRB- . Despite the sparse lyrics on about half the songs , The Beta Band have really put together a unique sound and made some great music . Almost every song has a new and different instrument being played and/or being hit with a stick . It seems like the percussion player will beat on anything put in front of him/her , and it works great . I love every song on this album except for `` Monolith '' . I am not sure what music to recommend if you like this album , but maybe check out the High Fidelity soundtrack .
 Wow ... Ok , this is a simple lay out ... The Beta Band uses trip hoppish/hip hoppish beats/rhythms ... That linear beat you 've come to love and bob your head to ... Well , not linear , but that repeating fat backbeat behind that chillish melody . . That 's the Beta Band . It 's like a more folksy trip hop . Yes , trip hop . If I were forced to put them in any genre , I would place them in trip hop ... That beat , that groovy melody
 i listened to this cd at 4:20 yesterday and i could n't believe my ears ! well , actually it would sound good at any time especially if you like pink floyd , beck , or whatever ... good recording too ! deceivingly -LRB- sp ? -RRB- complex and will give you something different every listen ... recommended to hi-fi buffs and any music lover ... just relax and trip out duuuuuude ! i guess mike myers has a point ... `` if it 's not scottish , it 's crrrap ! ''
 These guys have just done things no one else has really touched on . They even have a washing machine being broken in the background ! Ranges from art music , Primal Scream-ish tendencies , big beat Spiritualized -LRB- ! -RRB- , Beach Boy harmonies etc. . I 've heard ` The Cow 's Wrong ' from the album and it is amazong . Everyone should buy it when it comes out !
 This a wonderful album that is made for summer time . I was turned on to it by Seattle 's best independent radio station -LRB- on the far LEFT of the dial -RRB- , which also happens to be the best one in Seattle . There is only `` experimental '' track with bird and a fog horn that is not very good , but other than that there is not a bad song on the album . One out of twelve ai n't bad .
 THE BETA BAND is what was good about the Beach Boys and Love & Rockets .
 This album is definately worth checking out . It captures the laid-back , yet intense creativity of earlier alternative rock bands such as Pavement , and includes dark and distorted elements similar to that of Radiohead . Hints of young Beck are also mingled with the every-so-pleasing sound of chirping birds . In other words , if you 're into alternative rock , spacey ambience , lackadaisical folk , heavy beats , and/or meadowlarks -LRB- which most of you should fall into at LEAST one of those categories -RRB- , this album is a definate !
 OK first thing 's first , I love the beta band . Secondly , they 're a typical prog band . If you can imagine Stone Roses inviting Kraftwerk for an acoustic jam session -LRB- NOT an album recording though -RRB- you may get some idea of what this album is about.Standout tracks for ANYONE are Dry The Rain -LRB- of course -RRB- , Inner Meet Me , She 's the One , and Needles in my Eyes . Some of the other songs on the album are just too average and boring but good as background music when you 're busy doing something.In some ways , the third album is more complete and much more accessible .
 Having listened to a great variety of music in the past few years , I think I can safely say that `` The 3 EP 's '' is one of the most endlessly fascinating new finds I 've stumbled upon lately . This collection of three separately released EP 's -LRB- hence the title , heh -RRB- showcases a band that revels in eclecticism , adventurousness , and flat-out strangeness . Mutating frequently and unpredictably , these songs are generally built around the traditional rock-band lineup , but the Beta Band go well beyond facile classifications by embracing decidedly irregular song structures and incorporating found sounds ranging from piano to accordions to samples to God knows what else . All throughout , the band 's obsession with detail is matched by a strong ear for melody . The opener `` Dry The Rain '' could actually make a decent single and perfectly exemplifies what this band is about , moving from twangy acoustic folk tune to upbeat horn-fueled anthem about halfway through . `` I Know '' is a hypnotic , repetition-oriented instrumental featuring some mangled beats and snatches of guitar noise . Starting out as a droning piece of acidy pop , `` B + A '' suddenly shifts into overdrive and morphs into a monstrous rave-up complete with hand claps , crashing percussion , and even an `` aaaah , aaaah '' chant . Things get even more interesting with `` Dog 's Got a Bone , '' a gentle , non-rocking mood piece driven along by little more than quiet acoustic strumming , accordions , and sweet vocal harmonies . `` Inner Meet Me '' actually manages to be catchy in its own unique way , with entrancing near-rapped vocals placed over a head-bobbing rhythm . `` Monolith '' is a fifteen-plus minute epic of almost comical weirdness , seguing from one ambient passage to another with no apparent pattern . A clinic on how to do a lot with a little , `` Push It Out '' begins as an eerily minimal piece before becoming steadily more expansive as it adds a series of new sounds throughout its running time . In yet another odd move , `` She 's The One '' could almost qualify as a ballad , aside from the fact that it 's more than eight minutes long and its soft sound eventually gives way to quasi-psychedelic jamming and some Alvin and the Chipmunks-style chanting . The last three songs , `` It 's Over , '' `` Dr. Baker , '' and `` Needles In My Eyes , '' find the band moving in a somewhat more accessible direction , but there 's still plenty of gonzo experimentation and and startlingly original craftsmanship to be found . As cohesive as it is diverse , and as fun as it is wacky , `` The 3 EP 's '' is a modern-day classic not to be missed by those seeking something out of the ordinary .
 `` There are problems in these times / but none of them are mine . '' -- Lou ReedThe comparison is totally invalid on a musical level , but at a spiritual level , the Beta Band 's 3EPs captures that affirmative joy that you can hear on the best Velvet Underground songs . In a musical landscape littered with irony -LRB- and we certainly have VU to thank for that as well -RRB- and cynicism -LRB- which is alien to all good music -RRB- the Beta Band are absolutely soulful . I 've heard their brand of music called folktronica , which probably is n't far off the mark , but there is also a trance element here -- albeit clearly more Buddha than Oakenfold . The songs seem built out of mantras which start off modest -- an unassuming , almost sleepy , lone voice -- and then just grow and grow and grow into something beautiful , intricate and powerful .
 Almost every song on the album is very good , some excellent , more than can be said for most modern albums which seem to rely on the strength of one or two songs . `` Dry the Rain '' -LRB- of High Fidelity fame -RRB- reminds me of Hey Jude the way it builds up to a climax in the end and the climactic portion keeps repeating . You got ta listen to it . And the first few chords remind me of Stones doing No Expectations . The song `` Monolith '' begins wonderfully , too . The final ten minutes are kind of boring , though . But the beginning has just an ingenious , catchy riff that had me humming it for days after the first time listening . `` The House Song '' and `` Dogs Got A Bone '' are notables , too . Also , on the `` Hot Shots II '' album , I love the songs `` Squares '' and `` Gone '' . These are fine songs from one of the most original and innovative modern bands . A shame so few people know about them .
 I bought this CD on a whim , and I am glad I did . It is among the most original collections of music . The style is hard to pin-point so you should n't even try . Some tracks are very mellow while others will get the hairs on the back of your neck to stand on-end . I could go on forever , but just buy it . Listen to it a few times , you 'll get the idea .
 Beatles + Beck + RadioHead = BetaBandI love this album . Can hardly get past the first half of the CD becuase it ' s so good I keep listening over and over . Can not wait to hear what 's in store on the second half !
 If I owned a record store and wanted to sell 5 copies of this CD I would have put on B+A but that 's just me . This song is more indicitive of BB 's style which is ... well , there is no set style for these guys , even within a single track . True to their Scot roots their songs build with a ferocious intensity and you never can quite predict where the song is going in the truest anti-pop tradition .
 ` Meddle ' / ` Atom Heart Mother ' era Pink Floyd . That 's not a bad thing -- that 's a good thing -LRB- I did say ` Meddle ' era , not the later stuff , after all -RRB- V-e-r-y atmospheric , v-e-r-y psychedelic . Oh , I know , it 's probably neither of those things to a lot of you , but that 's MY take on this collection . And it 's probably a reference more people can relate to than obscure/British bands a lot of people have never heard of . Hey , I LIKE this cd . But I did n't find it groundbreaking . It 's simply tilling some ground that has n't been harvested in a while .
 Beck meets the Stones ... the party starts there ... by the time the everyone 's feeling comfortable with their cocktails ... Primal Scream drops in for a righteous time . Beg Borrow or steal - Beta Band rocks with some originality of their own and some originality of their early brethen . Probally sound as good in your garage as they do on this album .
 This is the coolest thing I 've heard in quite a time ! The Beta 's are hip . Sure , it 's a huge sprawling -LRB- especially on Monolith -RRB- mess , yet it all sounds strangely coherent , which is not a easy trick to pull off . So far I ca n't find a fav track 'cause I love them all , but there are immeaiate highlites
 This album is very cool . Dry the rain the best song here sounds as thought it is Ray davies fronting wings , but dont let that put you off . the rest is a some what sensicle Add n to -LRB- x -RRB- , maybe not that snsicle though . it really sucks you in too , like soft cell mixed with pavement , and it rocks .
 `` dry the rain '' sounds like the grateful dead covering belle & sebastian -- in other words , it 's equal parts weird and amazing ...
 They give a song room to unfold far enough that you find a place inside the music .
 If you think that today 's young musicians only make hardcore , ska , punk and other kind of noises , you must change your mind right now . Listen to this record , made by four art students . It 's delicate , involving , vibrant , at the same time . The first E.P. , `` Champion Versions '' , is sublime and the best of them ; the third one , `` Los Amigos del Beta Bandidos '' , is excellent ; the second one , `` The Patty Pattty Sound '' , is less inspirated than the other two , but pretty good too . In my opinion , the highlights are `` Dry the Rain '' , `` B+A '' and `` It 's Over '' .
 I bought this with the intention of being slighlty dissappointed since AP made the incredibly bold statement of saying that they are the last `` great '' pop band of the millenium . There is no denying the fact that the way I heard music was completely revolutionized even with the first listen of The Three E.P 's . The patience , imagination , and originality shown in this collection of tunes is not given true justice with my petty description . Buy this if you want to be blown away by the capabilities of music . This is the coolest thing I have heard since DJ Shadow 's Entroducing . Saying that these four guys are the real deal is a drastic understatement .
 This band is great . I loved it since I first listened to it . You just need to listen to the first 2 minutes of the first song on the CD , and you will fall in love . Some LA rythm mixed with afro-tribal-punky-jazzy metropolitan atmospheres . Great , there are also birds singing in the background . A true bible of love and peace , only that it is written in notes , and nice words too in the lyrics ! Peace : - -RRB-
 i feel guilty listening to this , due to the fact that i have short hair . but it 's great stuff . the beta band has succeeded in setting the wild rumblings of the baked mind to music . -LRB- if you actually understood that last sentence , you 'll love this album ... -RRB- .
 Those of you wanting to know what all the hoopla is about , here is what you can expect in a nutshell
 Despite being early in their careers , the Beta Band is probably the best band to ever come out of Scotland . The 3 EPs shows them at their best and not the self titled debut album . If can listen to song Dry The Rain , and not fall in love with these guys , i cant help a case like you.The 3 EPs has such a amazing variety of sounds and genres within . I remember trying to describe them to a friend of mine . it went like this - `` well , they have a sort of alternative folk-rock sound to them , but they also bring in electronic , hip-hop , and avant-guard . oh yeah , they just love to jam out '' . his response - `` wow ... . thats alot `` The best Ep on here is Los Amigos Del Beta Bandidos . Its very somber with a hint of light at the end . I enjoy it more than most full length albums.A review though really is useless for the Beta Band . just try to get a listen of some of their songs -LRB- Dry the rain , Inner meeet me , Needles in my eyes -RRB- and see for yourself . You will either love it or hate it with a 4:1 chance of loving it i bet .
 I recently stumbled upon this recommendation in one of those 25 desert island discs lists and thought , `` whoa there , the Beta Band ? who the hell are they ? '' After a bit of web surfing , I found page after page of accolades and was tempted to purchase both the 3 eps and the self titled long player . Wonderful . How refreshing . These will last years and years of enjoyable playing under all sorts of circumstances . They will just keep on growing . Without repeating the other reviewers , who I think have captured the sentiment pretty accurately , I guess , what else strikes me is the competency of the recording mix . Given the huge ambition of the soundscape they are attempting , they have technically blended their exotic aural masala deftly . This is not a slacker , throw away piece . it is deliberate and artful and it works beautifully . Comparing the two cds , the 3 eps has more funk - a more head bobbing backbeat , shimmering hammonds , fuzztone layers etc. . The self-titled is a more deeply referenced tapestry . Compared to 99.999 % of the rubbish out there in the music place , this excels . P.S. throw away your new Gomez cds after this - they just sound like a clumsy pearl jam .
 Whether or not this band is `` brilliant '' is entirely besides the point ... What the Beta Band are about on these early EPs is HAVING FUN . These are goofy , indulgent , purposefully repetitive psychedelic grooves , music to space out to and enjoy . The End . If that sounds good to you , pick this album up and see what you think . Leave the fanboy `` they rock '' vs. `` they suck '' debates to the teenagers , indie nerds and would-be giantkillers who have too much time on their hands and think they have to prove themselves everytime a popular record comes along . If listening to music is more important to you than being part of a `` scene '' then you might like this a lot .
 This album seems to get either one star or five stars from Amazon customers . As with anything where people have such strong feelings , it 's probably worth a listen to form your own opinion . I could n't possibly say that you -LRB- whoever you are -RRB- will actually like this album . You may have found The Beta Band because you heard `` Dry The Rain '' in High Fidelity , or you may have found them from hearing `` Squares '' on the Six Feet Under soundtrack . If you like `` Squares , '' or `` Dry The Rain , '' then I think you will like this album . But maybe not . I do n't know . I can say that I read the reviews , and I bought the album anyway . At first , I was disappointed . I did n't like most of the songs the first time I heard them . But I left it in the CD player , and listened again , and then again , and now I am utterly , utterly in love . It is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- some great , great stuff .
 How can one say that a small , underappreciated , terrific band was done a disservice by having their music disseminated by a fairly good movie soundtrack ? Dry the rain happens to be a great song that is n't necessarily in the same vein as monolith , but a good representation of the band nonetheless . After all , the band wrote it , recorded it , and made it the A side to their first EP . So who cares if their latest albums are more spacey , less poppy . The fact of the matter is , all of their output , including Dry the Rain , is amazing and interesting and innovative . To whoever is reading this ` review ' - buy everything you can find by The Beta Band - it 's worth it . And do n't listen to those who seem to think this music is esoteric and above those who were initiated through Dry the Rain . I bet a good deal of those fans wound up loving the crazy and out stuff the band has to offer as much as the popcraft .
 So the Beta Band broke up . This brings me deep sorrow , I tried to just brush it off , `` hey , at least they left some great music for me to listen to , right ? '' Yes . That 's correct . But still ... . I do n't know how to explain it , but I thought it would make me feel better to write down how amazing they were in my eyes for a bunch of people I will never meet to read and not care . Or not even care enough to read.So , High Fidelity . Best movie ever . Bar none . Top 5 Movies
 this album is considered to be the best of the beta band , and i can see why . this original sound and interesting lyrics make the long songs not long enough -LRB- average length of a song is about 6 minutes -RRB- . i admit the middle EP -LRB- songs 5-8 -RRB- are not the best but i love inner meet me and she 's the one is pretty good . i admit you kind of have to be in a special mood to listen and appreciate them -LRB- some describe them as `` boring '' -RRB- but being a mellow person i indulge myself in their nostalgic and kind of detached yet emotional sound . i would highly reccommend this CD to anyone who enjoys lying on their bedroom floor and listening to heart moving sounds .
 Pardon me , Mr. Owen , but were n't you a character in `` High Fidelity '' ? `` Dry the Rain '' is as representative of the band as any other song , and I often bob my head while listening to it.That notwithstanding , this is an excellent , quirky cd . Some songs are more straightforward , others are weird instrumental fun . Kind of like Cornershop without the South Asian influence .
 I 've had the good fortune of driving in Scotland , an excellent method of refining ones sense of humor . Scots themselves , The Beta Band are great fun . And thus , incredibly serious . I pay a bit of attention to detail , and I noticed on the back of the CD box the cut and pasted lines `` another bee god will be operated at a maximum of 150mph '' . How can you not love such surly madness . And the music is better . Everybody knows the good stuff
 It 's the proverbial Pigbag to Oasis 's Jam
 Trying to describe this album is virtually impossible -LRB- as can be learned from scrolling through the reviews -RRB- . It breaks the rules , it crosses genres , it makes very little sense . Having said that , it sounds like nothing else you 've ever heard.A record that ca n't be explained , nor can it be replicated . Even the band 's followup does n't come close to this CD . If I could use one word , it would be original . If I could use another , it would be masterpiece . Sometimes magic moves a band , and that is exactly what happened with this record . I 've never heard anything like it , though I hope I do again !
 Um , what else is there to say ?
 This CD is from a band that still truly cares about the type of music that they make . They are not so far into their stardom that they feel forced to make songs that only fit onto the radio . Instead they are free to make songs that show off their true talents as musicians.The one song that will really pull people in is Dry The Rain , featured in the incredible film High Fidelity . This song is the closest to radio friendly that you will find on this disc . Not to say that that is bad thing . It is actually refreshing to hear songs that are not conventional , and that do not fit into the subtext of having the ability to be liked by all . This disc is comparable to Kid A from Radiohead . Both CDs are sort of experimental , and both demonstrate a great musical ability . This disc is recomended highly to all that are sick of the conventional radio songs and want something new .
 I do n't think Mr. Owen knows what he 's talking about . I bought this CD the day after watching High Fidelity on video . This CD took off right where the scene in the record store ended . It 's music that you just sit down and chill to , knodding your head along with the rythmn . I highly recommend this CD .
 What does that mean ? This is the sort of band that does not want or try to make music . They simply happen to be able to play/produce poetry in a form we can all understand . Beautiful in it ` s simplicity and complexity . A great album . Read the list below and follow the tastes of fellow music lovers especially to the Olivia Temor Control and Flaming Lips . Never heard of these bands before ? Well - I envy you for your journey is just beginning.Enjoy
 This is my 3rd favorite CD , it is good . There seem to be two styles of song on this collection . songs like `` dry the rain '' , `` needles in my eyes '' and `` dogs got a bone '' are the kind of songs you listen to while driving or when you want to sing along . `` the monolith '' , `` b + a '' and `` push it out '' are songs to simply lie down in bed and zone out to . and some songs mix those to styles together . while `` dr. baker '' is the most hauntingly mesmerizing song in a long time . you put on headphones and die to it or sing along in your car . there are some hip hop beats , but you hardly even notice them . a great cd .
 I bought this album after hearing Dry the Rain off of the High Fidelity Soundtrack . After listening through it a few times , I decided that this is the best new band to come on the scene in a long time . With their experimental tracks such as the House Song , and Monolith , these boys from Scotland have many elements of early Pink Floyd , and should be a band to watch for other good things to come in the future .
 The Beta Band was such a refreshing discovery for me ina time when I feel like sounding the death knell of rock and roll . Do n't ask anyone to pigeonhole this band . It ca n't be done , as they truly have an eclectic style . It is risky to put such a catchy , brilliant song at the beginning of a CD the way they 've done with `` Dry the Rain '' and then have more exploratory stuff for the duration , but the Beta Band has pulled this off nicely ! The rhythms and instrumentation are fantastic and unusual . I ca n't recommend this highly enough to the both the weekend music fan and also to the connosieur of good music ! This is catchy yet complex , accessible yet original . END END
 This Album really grows on you . The vocals are a perfect mesh with the clever , varied instrumentation and the beats are infectious . I like it better every time I listen ... They remind me alot of the Moody blues in both sound and content .
 A great collection of really quite original tunes , with a couple of superb ballads.Thank God I stumbled on to this band , they give a rare sense of hope to modern experimental music .
 Still not very well recognised by the UK mainstream , this album is simply superb . The three different EP 's complement each other perfectly and the ceverly constructed tracks will keep you listening years after purchase . A must buy .
 The Beta Band are as arty as they come . They have a small but respectabl following in the UK , and are only known in more selective circles here in North America . Their music is a mix of rock , folk , and other music that defies description . They pull it off quite well . The 3 E.P. 's is a combination of earlier recording which were long out of print before . At times , it is tough to get into , but reqarding to those that invest the time .
 In the begining thier was house ... and before that thier was SALSOUL !!!! The root of house music started with salsoul . This cd captures some of the best songs that they produced . To say that this is just another disco cd , would be doing it a grave disjustice . It would be like calling the Mona Lisa just a painting or the statue of Dave just a rock . This is a compilation of the best dance music ever recorded . The blend of rebel rosing vocals and smooth lyrical contents with the monstrative rythems are timeless classics . My only regret is they did n't release all of thier gems out on one compliation . This is a must have for any disco , house , dance , or r & b collection .
 This CD should be noted for its b-side . Clearlake have a charming manner , which comes about from the simplicity of their music , and nowhere is it clearer than on jumble sailing . A song about the pastime of rooting through junk shops reveals Clearlake 's abilities in regard to taking a simple melody and making it sound fresh . The lyrics are fantastic , and I love the song to bits . That 's all i have to say ...
 Very nice couple of songs . `` Winternight '' sounds like early Radiohead or Catherine Wheel with a slight Slowdive atmospheric sound in the background . A nice mix . `` Jumble Sailing '' has kind of the same atmospheric sound to it , but is a cute pop song . Too bad their album `` Lido '' is n't all like this .
 This is an amazing Christmas production that combines all styles of music -LRB- Rock , Soul , Balad , Funk , Jazz -RRB- in a way that will never ever be out of fashion . This CD is great for the 90 's the year 2000 and 3000 as well.It is suitable for all ages and all countries . Great Voices , Great arrangements ! Bravo ...
 I 've seen MdC live and was captured by his charisma . I jumped on the occasion and bought his album . This is a great Christmas album with well known , traditional songs and each song has its special touch . I particularly love Rudolph the red nosed reindeer . I even listen to this album when it is not Christmas time as I love the peaceful ambiance it creates .
 Throw this record on at your next gathering . Fantastic smooth electronica with hints of Crystal Method , Beck , and a few Digable Planet jazz grooves . Cool stuff .
 `` Bye , Bye , Bye '' is a good song , but I think more attention should be placed on the second track , the unreleased `` Could It Be You . '' `` Could It Be You . '' is a throwback to old school R&B music which really works for the group.If you love the song `` Bye , Bye , Bye , '' definitely buy this cd single , but if you want to hear something a little different , and in many ways better , buy this cd single for `` Could It Be You . ''
 This is a really cool and fantastic CD , you should get this . I love the music !
 Orchestral vocal pop best described as The Left Banke meet The Zombies -LRB- Odyssey & Oracle -RRB- ; Cinderpop offer their second album , Their Skies Are Beautiful , a seductive and addictive melodic tour de force.Based in Vancouver , Cinderpop have been haunting the indie pop scene on the west coast since their first album , Violet Gamma Rays , charted across alternative and college radio throughout Canada and the US . A video for the song `` Sniper '' appeared on Much Music and a spotlight on Much West helped make their presence known as one of Canada 's more inventive rock acts.Cinderpop boast an eclectic round up of musicians from various backgrounds who have found the right mutual influences to create a singular eclectic vision . Kevan Ellis , vocals , guitar -LRB- SK Robot -RRB- ; Mark Jowett , guitar , cello -LRB- Moev -RRB- , Joel Myers , bass -LRB- Holly McNarland , Texture -RRB- ; Digger Watkins , drums -LRB- A Murder of Crows , Twitch -RRB- , and newest member Erin Jane , keyboards -LRB- Salteens -RRB- . Special guest Rob Calder from The Salteens contributes trumpet.The album was recorded and mixed by Mark Jowett -LRB- best known as one of the architects of the early Nettwerk sound -RRB- . Mastering was by Greg Reely -LRB- Delerium , Sarah McLachlan -RRB- . Part of a very vibrant Vancouver pop scene that includes The New Pornographers , Cinderpop may very well be the next Vancouver band to emerge internationally ------------------------------------------------------------------------ PRESS QUOTES : `` Dreamy melodies , pulsing guitars , and Kevan Ellis ' free-floating vocals ... Delicately picked guitar lines and sonorous vocal harmonies offset each other to great effect ... '' - Soul Shine Magazine '' ... Cinderpop is aptly named as ... underneath the apparent sweetness there is muscle . '' - Vancouver Province `` Cinderpop has a relaxed indie rock style that is reminiscent of cool excellent earlier material by Death Cab For Cutie . . The Shins ... and Wheat . '' - Real Music , Germany '' ... loaded with songs that might have been hits during that all-too-brief post-Nirvana moment when all things indie looked poised to spill over into the mainstream . '' - Georgia Straight
 You have to admit that the idea of a Broadway show having a `` Soundtrack '' rather than an `` Original Case Album '' is rather different . But that seems to be the fate of music and `` The Graduate , '' whatever form the production takes . AFI just announced its Top 100 movie songs of all time and Simon & Garfunkle 's `` Mrs. Robinson '' came in at # 6 , which is pretty good when you consider that all Paul Simon had written when the song was put into the movie was the chorus . Do not fear , the single that was eventually released is what starts off this album , which brings together the songs that were played in the Broadway dramatic version of the film ; actually only the beginnings of the songs were played to set the mood -LRB- and allow the sets to be changed -RRB- , so it was not like theater audiences got to hear all the songs -LRB- they would just keep humming them distractedly during the scene I guess -RRB- . For that matter , not all of these songs were in the show , but apparently the producers liked them.This is a decent little anthology of songs from the late 1960s , but the question is how many of these fifteen songs do you not already have in your music library ? For me the answer was two
 You ca n't help but get up and boogie to this song . The beat is absolutely infectious . I keep on getting strange looks listening to this song during my morning commute ... it gets me pumped for the rest of the day .
 I love this CD . Out of all his music that I own this is my favorite . Great diversity of songs . Really shows what he can do . I do n't know how you could n't like it if you like Nelly .
 This CD is hot ! Even though it 's only a few new songs , it 's still hot because , it 's Nelly . I would buy it for everyone for Christmas even if they do n't want it ! I give this CD 5 stars .
 First I have to begin by saying that I am a huge fan of Nelly and his music since his early days which were actually not that long ago . Loving his music has allowed me to be not only a fan but also a critic because I am able to distinguish between when he is at his best and when he is not . Nelly has come a long way from Country Grammar and this album clearly reflects his maturity as an artist and as a man . I would have loved to see him colaborate more with the Lunatics and to return to his roots but I suppose it is inevitable that every artist has to change their style and explore new things . This however has to be done in a way that is not tacky but innovative , and I feel that on so many levels he has done that ; weather it is with his ability to cross over genres or to rap and sing and be good at both . I thought that Free City was a masterpiece that represented a part of the Mid-West that everyone had forgotten about and I love him for that . He can be so creative in so many ways especially lyrically , and a lot of people do not want to give him credit for that , because people love to criticize what they can not understand , but at the same time his talent can not be completely refuted . I just feel that in the past few years the pressures of selling platnium albums has started to effect his music , and that is very unfortunate . But with this abulm I believe he is starting to reinvent himself and find his grove in the industry . He does not always have to be the rapper on Country Grammar or Free City because his life has changed since then and naturally he should change as an artist ; how could you make millions and still rap about slanging and living in the hood it is not feasable . Because of the current devistation of the rap game I sincerely believe that Nelly has contributed to the elevation of the rap game to continue to elevate its credibility on many different levels .
 Nelly is always coming with the heat and is newest `` grillz '' just tops it off . He is a musical genius !!!!
 This was a smart move on Nelly 's part to merge the best songs from the Sweat and Suit albums from 2004 on one disc and include 4 new 2005 songs . The album 's well balanced too . This way , no one does n't have to waste $ 34 to $ 36 on 2 separate CDs . It 's heavy on the hits such as Flap Your Wings , Over and Over -LRB- which led to two top 40 pop hits for Tim McGraw , including one from his own album -RRB- , N Dey Say -LRB- which won the reminiscent 80s crowd by sampling Spandau Ballet 's 1984 hit True -RRB- , My Place , that song with Ronald Isley -LRB- who still has that sexy singing voice -RRB- , the marching band heavy Heart of A Champion that samples the famous NBA on NBC theme song , and many others . The new songs are just as effective . The strongest songs are really the 3 Jayson Bridges-produced songs , and give the Neptunes , Jazze Pha , Jermaine Dupri and Doe of Derrty Entertainment some stiff competition here . While Nelly keeps his St. Louis style intact , one surprise I like and still do like is the Alchemist-assisted Playa , which is more street than his more commercially driven hip-hop . Collaborations account for 15 of the 17 songs -- could n't he have chosen a few more that involved him alone ? But Nelly decided on diversity for last year 's albums , and he succeeds on most counts . Anybody that can do songs with Tim McGraw -LRB- a huge hip-hop fan even though he sings country -RRB- , soul singer Ron Isley and current rap artists such as T.I. , Missy Elliott , Snoop Dogg , Pharrell , and his fellow St. Lunatics on here is taking chances . This will a good holiday gift for anybody !
 Nelly has just released his new CD and it is hot . I love the 3 new tracks he has added . He has taken the best of the Sweat and Suit albums and combined them into one . Way to go Nelly !!!! All of my favorite songs from both albums are on this one . I own both Sweat and Suit . Take my word for this . I would encourage everyone to buy this CD . It is worth it . I give this CD five stars .
 This album is great because of the diverse sound and beats . The lyrics are positive and not not neagtive . Whenever you 're down this album can uplift your spirit . By , Nelly adding the three songs Grillz , Tired , and Nasty Girl . You get a sense of his emotions and perspectives of these songs . I already had Sweat and Suit 2004 albums from last year . I already thought this was a wonderful project in itself . He always takes time out to make sure his music is perfect . All the songs are my favorites . My ultimate favorite is `` Grillz '' and `` Tired '' . I love his fast songs but I have grown to love his slow songs as well . I am also thrilled he got the opportunity to work with P. Diddy and Jagged Edge again as well as Jazzy Pha . Because he did n't get a chance to work with The Notorious B.I.G. before his death . I am happy they put him on the track . `` Nasty Girl '' is a hot song even though they refuse to play the song on the radio . The video is n't nasty at all . I think the idea was to grab the females attention . That this is what all men look at from us behind close doors . I am not mad for the women wanting to act wth these fine men . I did n't hate not once I am supportive for the women showing their sexuality in this video . In addition , the ladies have definitely taken over very happy about that . The director Sanaa Hamri did an excellent job in instructing everybody . Thats why I pay attention to shows on BET and MTV such as `` Access Granted '' and `` Making the Video '' . Because I want to be a part of the black media world one day . And by majoring in mass media of my junior soon to be senior year . I get to see first hands on experiences as to how they deal with it . So , again fabolous album supported the man since August 2000 . He will always be `` Unbreakable '' . The haters can say what they want its great music with a message . Peace
 From Country Grammar to SweatSuit Nelly has done it again with the sing-a-longs , the boomin ' beats , exploding lyrics . Nelly is on top there 's no doubt that nelly has step back on the scene with a hit . The new single Grillz is only the beginning , not only are there the great songs before but there new songs on there with the hottest collaborations like paul wall , big gipp and St. Lunatics own Ali . Oh and lets not for get the great new song with Nortorious BIG !!! That 's history in the making ... So i advised anyone and everyone to go cop that new album buy nelly sweatsuit is the hottest cd out right now !!!!!!!!! DERRTY ENT !!! WE ALL WE GOT . Much love nelly 's boo
 The album is HOT ! It combines all the best from Sweat and Suit and add 's Fly Away , Grillz , and has two new songs -LRB- Nasty Girl and Tired -RRB- that are of the chain . I would recomend any Nelly fan not matter how much -LRB- or little -RRB- you enjoy his music to get this CD . I 'm tellin ' you , it is HOT !
 whys everyone givin this cd a bad review ? he probably should of just put both the cds together and sold it like that when it first come out but does it matter ... it has hot songs on it like heart of a champion , grillz , tired , nasty girl , and more . it dont do no good hatin on it cause the songs are gon na go big either way whether you like it or not cause its nelly . so get off his nuts and let the kid make what music he wants to . . half you people writin these reviews cant even get the money he makes anyways , ok , ok then ...
 Yall need to stop hating on Nelly.He sounds just as good as 50 cent , or Cash Money or Juelz Santanna.Just cause he got his own thang dont mean he cant sing.All yall probably just jealous of the kid.So Nelly dont worry about what people be saying , because they just hating!Continue doing your thang homie and for the mean time peace out !
 I just bought this CD and I ca n't help but give Mr. Nelly the highest accolades . Though the content therein is all superb I have to say that Grillz is really the reason I purchased this fine lyrical work . His concise and hard-hitting plethora of knowledge for life in an urban low-income housing area is second to none . Likewise his diction and command of higher level grammar is commendable to the level of Pulitzer . With lines like `` The whole top is Diamond , and the bottom row is Gold , '' Nelly encapsulates the entire crux of the race relations paradigm . I wish to purpose that many generations hence this young man will be likened to Shakespeare or perhaps even Yeats for his translation of the human soul into music . I commend you Nelly , now if only we can get a CD with you rapping in iambic pentameter !!!! 1 ! 1 !!
 I just got this cd a few days ago and I must say it is pretty good . I have n't listened to all of the songs yet but i am sure they are awesome . This was an ingenious idea to put together the best of Sweat and Suit . It has a little bit of both and at fist i wanted to get get sweat , but i waited , and i am glad because i found this cd .
 This CD puts together the best songs from `` Sweat '' and `` Suit '' and then has 3 brand new songs that are amazing !!! I had already heard `` grillz '' and `` nasty girl '' before the cd came out , which i love both of those songs , and then when i bought the cd i heard `` tired '' for the first time , and that song is sooooooo good !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nelly just ca n't stop making great hits !!!! big propz to him !!!!
 Nelly is always comin out with new hits you can bump to ! Compiling his two CD 's into one with new hits was a great idea . Thanks for the new CD Nelly !!
 What can I say ? I love this cd because it has all my favorite songs from sweat & suit on one cd . I do n't have to take one cd out to hear songs from the other cd . Plus i love the fact it has my favorite song on there with Murphy Lee -LRB- he needs to drop a new cd -RRB- River Do n't Runnn . I love the new single Grillz . Way to go Nelly .
 Nelly 's cd 's are always hot . I really like Suit . Sweat is cool . Nelly keep doing what you do .
 NELLY HAS DONE IT AGAIN AND THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CD 'S i HAVE HEARD NOT ONLY THE SONG BUT THE CD YOU THE MAN NELLY
 He done it again . Grillz is one of his best songs . The album is worth the money . Way to go Nelly !!!!
 The new SWEATSUIT album is hot . My favorite song is Tired featuring Avery Storm . I can really relate to this song . Sometime you get too feed up and you ca n't take it anymore . That 's when its time to go . My man Nelly really did it this time . I have to give him mad props . I LOVE this man . I can not wait for more to come . Keep up the good work Nelly .
 The beats are kickin and the hot single grills is a great addition and makes this one of nellys best
 Nelly is better than ever with the new Sweatsiut and I love the3 new songs , keep up the good work Nelly !!!!!!!!!
 This album is really tight cause it Is combined with 6 songs from Sweat , and 7 from Suit . There is four new tracks . They are Fly away , Grillz , Tired , and Nasty girl . Another reason it is good is because the people that did not have sweat or suit can get thirteen songs from sweat and suit plus four new tracks.I just got this album yesterday and I think it is really tight . So buy this album . Explicit or clean , it dosent matter to me.Matthews top 51 . Grillz feat . Paul Wall , Ali , And gipp2.Fly Away3.Na-nanana-na feat.Jazzie Pha4.Flap Your wings5.Over and over
 I love this cd its really nice !!! actually i love everything about nelly . so it dont matter what he comes out wit im going to love it
 This album is Bananas...B-AN-A-NA-S ! Nelly does it again by combining his best songs from Sweat and Suit together on one cd plus adding a couple of new tracks to get your attention to re-buy SweatSuit and he does a good job at it ... you ca n't be mad at him ... if you 're feeling his new single `` Grillz '' you 'll love the other new cuts -LRB- Tired and Nasty Girl -- a remake of Big 's song from Life After Death and the song is featuring B.I.G 2 -RRB- ... I give this album 5 stars ! Go out and buy it ! Even if you own both Sweat & Suit still go out and buy SweatSuit now you wo n't have to keep switching CDs to hear all the tracks you love !
 I bought this album for one simple reason
 I love the SweatSuit new cd it is so good.I guarante you 'll like atleast 6-8 songs off this ablum.Please support Nelly be getting this ablum .
 This is the ultimate disc . He took a few old songs threw in a few new ones and made a hot disc . All the old songs were hits so you would n't mind listening to them `` Over and over '' again . The new songs are really hot to death . Biggie 's on it now thats whats happening . I really love this man , Nelly ofcourse . He 's an awesome character . If you love him like i do then join the I-Squad . Copy and Paste this link into your address bar -LRB- http://i-squad.com/link/link/NzQyNnw5Mw== -RRB- thanx a buch From janellie str8 outta Chicago
 This combines Nelly 's successful Sweat and Suit albums to make Sweatsuit . There are great songs on here including Grillz . This is a great song and a very popular song . I recommend this CD to anyone who likes rap and hip-hop .
 he is the besty singer . and the coolest this is the best cd there is.no one is going to beat this cd i hope it goes goldit has the greast songs.mytwo favorites are grillz and over and over
 this album ROCKS . just like usher said `` on a 1 - 10 shes a cerfied 20 '' if could ill give it a 20 . Grills is da best song . Paul Wall , Big Gipp and ALi . if you like nelly youll love this . If he added the music videos on a dvd he would own 50 Cent And eminem and all those other amatures
 The tracks on `` SweatSuit '' are ; `` Play It Off '' `` My Place '' `` Over & Over '' `` Flap Your Wings '' `` Pretty Toes '' `` She Dont Know My Name '' `` Nobody Knows '' `` Heart of a Champion '' `` NA-NANA-NA '' `` Getcha Getcha '' `` River Dont Runnn '' `` Playa '' `` N Dey Say '' `` Fly Away '' `` Grillz '' `` Tired '' `` Nasty Girl ''
 Both the man and his newly released CD are HOT . If you have n't already gotten the CD then you have got to go get this . The new songs are the bomb !!! This is the right time of the year to pick one up as a Christmas gift for that Nelly/Hip Hop fan . GREAT CD !!!! Good Job Nellynell .
 You should get Nelly 's new Sweatsuit if you have n't already because it 's a great album . It has songs from both his Sweat and Suit albums and 3 new songs including the hot single Grillz with Paul Wall , Ali & Gipp . So if you do n't have it yet you should go cop it cause it 's classic Nelly material
 This album is hot and I like the new 3 tracks that are on the cd . I loved Suit and yea I loved Sweat too ... . but SweatSuit is a mixture and you just ca n't get any better . My advice to all is to go and cop that album ... or in other words get the album as soon as it hits shelves at a store near you . ~ 1 ~
 I love this cd . I liked Sweat & Suit . And I really love SweatSuit . I especially love the 3 new bonus tracks . Grillz is my favorite one .
 First off I would like to say , I like the inside pictures of Nelly in the CD booklet . They have a glossy glow to them . This album has an excellent mixture of songs from the Sweat & Suit albums . I urge everyone to get this album . It 's like listening to both albums Sweat & Suit at once . This is some of Nelly 's best work he has ever done . This is an 5 out 5 star album . The new songs are excellent , they had me up and grooving . These new songs are so good . I ca n't wait until he releases his next album . You wo n't be disappointed cause this album has so many hits on it . Need I say more , this CD will be a good gift for any Nelly Fan . Even just a Hip-Hop Fan period . Nelly definitely has a new sound on this album and I like it .
 if you have n't brought the cd yet what are you waiting for.i have his two other cd and i just brought the new and i ca n't get enough of them i play it over and over again . nelly is the best
 nelly 's album is off the hook my favorite song is grillz and be sure to vote it on every countdown you know about
 IF THERE 'S ANYBODY OUT THERE THAT DOESNT HAVE NELLY 'S NEW ALBUM , IT 'S A MUST THAT U GET IT . IF U LIKED HIS OTHER TWO ALBUMS-SWEAT AND SUIT-THEN I KNOW FOR SURE YOU 'LL LOVE SWEATSUIT . THE NUMBER 1 TRACK FOR ME ON THE ALBUM IS GRILLZ . WHEN THAT SONG COMES ON , I GOT TA TURN IT UP CAUSE ITS SO CRUNK AND CAUSE I LIKE GRILLZ ALSO.HOLLA !!!!
 i love nelly 's new album when it is together because all my favorite tracks are on 1 cd instead of 2 . also i love his new song grillz it gets me so krunck . go head nelly do yo thang i love this cd .
 Oh my god Nelly 's new album is off the chain . The three new songs on it are increditable . My favorite one is `` Tired '' with Avery Strom . I could n't have asked for anything better . I 'm glad he also put `` Fly Away '' from the Longest Yard soundtrack cause I love that song . He managed to put all my favoite songs in one album which is so tight .
 This album is a mix of all the best songs from the Sweat and the Suit albums . That way if you only have one or do have both albums you do n't have to switch CD 's or ponder whether to go buy the other one . The three new songs added , are off the chain . Tired tells a mans perspective of a lieing woman without degrading her . Avery is singing his butt off on this song . The Grillz song , you know that one is definitely a club banger . And anything with a rap legend like B.I.G. is definitely tight to death . So if you 're a true Nelly fan it wo n't matter if you have either of the CD 's you 'll go out and buy this no questions asked and if you just want that classic Nelly album go cop this one .
 Nellys new album SweatSuit is a combination of his older albums Sweat and Suit with 3 nwew tracks on it . i love this album because nelly always has something new and fresh to say . If you love nelly you will love this album .
 Sweatsuit is the perfect follow up to Sweat and Suit . It has all your favorites song and new ones go jam to . You can play this cd all day and never get board . Pick it up today
 Nelly is an amazing artist . His fan base is full of young , old , and everything inbetween . The combination of Sweat and Suit was a great idea . His first single Grillz is a great song with great artist . The cd is hot and it will be a great success . The cd features 3 new songs including a hot song from the Longest Yard sound track . He is sexy with a great voice and great lyrics ! Buy the cd right away !!!
 I believe that every fan of Nelly will enjoy this album . It has magnificant beats that promotes the lyrics . The song `` Grillz '' is crazy ; it features many artists , including Paul Wall and Ali , that blends with Nelly to form a breath-taking song . This single will definitely be a hit and remembered in history for Nelly . Nelly body is so hot and I know it attracts so many beeautiful young ladies that would die to meet him . I just want to encourage you to go and buy the album for yourself instead of taking someone else word for it or trying to get a boot-leg copy ; BE A TRUE FAN AND SUPPORT NELLY . ~ YoGiMS
 What a great idea to combine Sweat and Suit into one cd . It is all the best songs from each of them plus some new songs . Awesome CD !! I 'm so glad that I got it today and will get it for friends . It would make the perfect Christmas gift !
 I love Nelly 's new Sweatsuit compilation ! The new tracks are off the hook . Grillz is an awesome jump off single . The smash hits which were included , especially Over And Over , never fail to make me smile . ` Fly Away ' was such a hidden treasure on The Longest Yard soundtrack and I am thrilled that this song will now be given more exposure . The only thing that disappoints me about the Sweatsuit CD is that I was hoping for a bonus DVD with all the videos made -LRB- esp . the video for Over and Over -RRB- !
 NELLY HAS DONE IT AGAIN.THIS ALBUM IS TYPICAL NELLY WITH THE MUSIC TO MAKE YOUR ROMP SHAKE .
 I think the album is tight . The album Sweatsuit has some of his best songs on it from his Sweat and Suit albums . It also has 3 new songs on it.Go cop this Sweatsuit album .
 I love # 16 `` Tired '' w / Avery Storm . This cd will take him further to the top . I love the cd and Nelly , # 1 here he come billboards and everything else , he comin . Dont be alarmed .
 Sweat and Suit were awesome when they first came out as seperate albums . But now , the best of both ambums are put together into one . What more could you ask for ? Great album I highly recomend !
 Nelly is back with a vengeance and bringing his new album , `` Sweatsuit , '' with him . This CD is a re-release of his previous `` Sweat '' and `` Suit '' albums . Nelly took the best songs off of the two multi-platinum CD 's and also added new hits . `` Grillz '' is the hottest new single out right now , making `` Sweatsuit '' a must buy . This would make a perfect holiday gift , so keep it in mind when you are doing your shopping .
 Sweatsuit was the best remake of a cd ive ever listened to . with fly away from the longest yard soundtrack Grillz feat paul wall ali and gipp . . Tired with avery storm . . a slow song in which nelly is talkin about a relationship . and nasty girl . . a little on the adult side in nelly 's rap but its a great song dont get me wrong . and you can forget all the good songs like over and over my place na-nana-na n dey say and many more great tracks from sweat and suit . it is a great Cd . i gave it 5 stars because i think its amazing !
 nelly 's sweat and suit cd 's are off the chain.i have to listen to it all the time.it 's relaxing music and party music . everyone should have these cds !!!!!!!!!
 As you always know Nelly always come out with something fresh and new . If you just sit and listen to it you will be ready to listen to it over and over again . Make sure you cop this album because it 's one of a kind !!!
 If you thought sweat and suit were crazy just put them together and imagine how out of the world this album is . I love the cds seperatly and since they are now together with 3 all new songs it better than ever . The latest song `` Grillz '' is a guarenteed chart topper . It features Paul Wall , Gip , Ali , and Jermaine Dupree . He also has a song on the cd with the late great notorous big . But you have to buy the cd to know how cold it really is .
 if any of yall dont got dis cd den u betta get out n get it cuz its one of da best cds ever !! im tellin u if u dont got it den u missin out on alot !
 Here are the song reviews .1 . Play it off 6/102 . My place 7/103 . Over and over 9/104 . Flap your wings 10/105 . Pretty toes 10/106 . She dont know my name 7/107 . Knowbody knows 8/108 . Heart of a champian 9/109 . Na-nana-na 8/1010 . Getcha getcha 10.5 / 1011 . River dont runnn 6/1012 . Playa 10/1013 . N dey say 8.5 / 1014 . Fly away 10/1015 . Grillz 16/1016 . Tired 9/1017 . Nasty girl 9/10
 Nelly , has really outdone himself this time . He has a lot of songs that I love and my friends love as well.I especially love his songs ` GRILZ ' and ` Nsty Girl ' . If you like Nelly and want to hear him at his best , I suggest you buy Nellys album Sweatsuit . It also includs some of his popular songs like'Flap your wings ' and ` Over and over ' .
 I think this CD rocks !!! I love Nelly he is truly the best !!!
 I reallly like this cd !!!!!!! It so good I LOVE NELLY WITH A LL MY HEART !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Nelly 's newest cd is just as hot as it was when it first came out . The new songs added to the album are well worth the purchase . Please purchase Sweatsuit and support the midwest !
 Nelly 's music is so tight . He just does it Over and Over . His album `` SWEATSUIT '' is off the chain . Nelly is making a big come-up . I wolud like to congradulate him in his work and tell him to keep doing what he 's doing . I LUV U NELLY !
 whoa ! this album is hot and the new tracks added just made it hotter . I mean Nelly has all ma favorite jointz on here , Heart of a Champion , Nobody Knows , Pretty Toes , My Place , N DEY SAY ! those classics from the original albums , and then the new tracks , Grillz , Tired , man , I could go on ! I 've got to say if you have n't got this album , then you do n't kno what you are missing , so what are you waiting on get UP and GO GET THIS album .
 NELLY HAS DONE IT AGAIN MADE ANOTHER # 1 HIT CD . NELLY PICKED THE BEST SONG 'S TO PUT ON HERE . GRILLZ IS SO HOT -LRB- WISH I HAD A GRILLZ -RRB- . NASTY GIRL I HEARD IT ON MUSIC CHOOSE . COM AND I AM A NASTY GIRL !!! THAT IS KOOL THAT NELLY HAS A SONG WITH NOTORIOUS B.I.G. NELLY JUST KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AND MAKING # 1 HITS . IT IS SO KOOL THAT I HAVE SWEAT CD AND SUIT CD AND NOW A SWETSUIT HEAR THE ALL THE # 1 CD ON 1 CD . HAS ANYONE EVER DID THAT BEFORE ?
 i love this cd . Its awesome . You should get it . You 'll like every single song on there . I cant stop listening to it .
 This new re-release of his albums is hot . Nelly has really done it big by putting hits from last album plus new hits on this re-release . His new songs are all good . The CD didnt cost that much and plus its worth to buy . So for all you Nelly fans , I urge you to go out and support Nelly by buying this re-release album .
 Sweatsuit is the greatest albulm of the season . Yo got ta go get it . With the three new tracks , `` Grillz '' , `` Nasty Girl '' , and `` Tired '' . They madd more juice to the two albulms you already love . And wat i like about it most is that the two CD 's are combined so you do ' t have to swich them . I definitly think it was worth the money .
 The cd is blazin like always . listen people if you like hip hop and a hint of grown folk songs go get the sweatsuit cd if you have it already buy it for a friend as a gift . nelly 's done it again thats why he is truly number 1 .
 All Nelly Fans
 This album is hot !! Nelly have all the past hits from his last albums.My favorite song on there is N dey Say and Nasty Girl . My club song is Grillz . If ya 'll do n't have the album go get it now !!!
 Nelly 's CD is the best , But you had to know that because he is first to drop two albums at the same time . His CD is hot because he has no fear . he has club songs , music for you and your boo , tracks with a pop and country twist . Its just hot . The new song `` grillz '' off the chain . Nelly is # 1 .
 Being that I loved the original Sweat and Suit cds , I thought this collaboration was great.Having the mixture of both of the hottest songs on one cd made it very convenient for the fans . With the three new songs added , `` Grillz '' , `` Nasty Girl '' , and `` Tired '' , it gives the cd even more flavor . I love the cd and I enjoyed all the songs that were chosen to be in the tracklist . I ca n't wait to see what he will be working on next . This cd is worth buying .
 What more can u say about SweatSuit . It 's hot and I 'm sure it 'll be another Nelly chart topper . With the three new songs on the cd I 've already named this cd another Nelly classic . If u do n't have it go pick up a copy it 's worth it !
 The best of Sweat and Suit ! The best Nelly album so far !
 Nelly has done it once again . Bringing the best album out . It seems as though he has moved onto a different level of rapping . He 's so mellow and yet he has the hottest lyrics .
 Sweatsuit is , by far , the best album released by Nelly . The beats are great , and the lyrics to match ! Be sure to get this album .
 I think this CD rocks because Nelly is the best of all . The new CD from him is the bomb . If you do n't have it already I think you should go pick it up . It works for a great christmas present . Do n't have it , should go out and buy it . Nelly rocks !!
 Nelly did one hell of a job on this Cd , All my fav , songs are on there and i LOVE his new one with Paul Wall `` GRILLZ '' im sure it will make # 1 and stay there for a while !!! Keep up the good work Nelly !
 I got Sweat and Suit last year for X-mas . I love both of them . So when Sweatsuit came out I just had to have it . The new single `` grillz '' is awesome . Go to MTV and see his video for it . You will just love it also !!!
 Well i believe it is a goo cd because if you did n't buy the Sweat or the Suit cd the best songs are in the SWEATSUIT cd anyways . i love the new sony FLY AWAY becuase it is a new look in Nelly 's feelings . the GRILLZ song i ver good too . I just love the whole Cd
 I think the album is wonderful . The whole album is the bomb . Nelly is the best .
 whoa ! this is by far the best album so far released from this season ! I mean Nelly has all ma favorite jointz on here , Heart of a Champion , Nobody Knows , Pretty Toes , My Place , N DEY SAY ! those classics from the original albums , and then the new tracks , Grillz , Tired , man , I could go on ! I 've got to say if you have n't got this album , then you do n't kno what you are missing , so what are you waiting on get UP and GO GET THIS album , join me and add it to the collection ! also go ahead and get several extras and give them out as holiday gifts ?!?!?!!?!
 Nelly 's new cd is filled with HOTTT !!! tracks and when i mean HOTT i mean that in every way possible . He has included some new songs that makes the album FIRE ! everyone should go pick it up . . and listen to the songs and you guys will love it . Nelly is hot and his cd is hot , go to your local stores and buy a copy .
 At first listen , I was n't so sure . But this is fantastic ! Let the voicings grow on you . There 's no earth-shattering-ness here . But you can hear Moacir 's voice through guest arrangements -LRB- even -RRB- . And it 's very distinct . I 'm sure he deserves something more than obscurity , but most people wo n't have the patience to hear what 's very , very unique here . It grows !
 His childhood in the arid and remote interior of Brazil , under difficult conditions.Despite that , at age 2 he was already playing with cans , leading a `` baby band '' . After several musical compositions in Brazil he moved to United States , where he lives now -LRB- Pasadena , California -RRB- . He worked as a church pianist , as a teacher and also as a `` ghost writer '' for some film soundtracks . `` Ghost Writer '' is the composer that does not have his name published because someone paid him to do the work . Regrettable , but it is the truth . In fact he worked also as the ghost of the ghost , what happens when the ghost is very busy , so that he contracts a ghost.Moacir is a very talented composer and arranger . Listen and enjoy .
 1 Song for Myself2 Maybe I 'm Right3 All I 'll Ever Need4 Easier Outside5 If Only6 The Closest Thing7 Runaway8 Somethings9 Angels10 Not the Only One
 The beautiful Guardian cover art is what got me to listen ... but boy was I in for a treat - this group is incredible !! Extremely high quality sound , and I 'm picky . There are few groups that come along like this one . Their sound is deep , rich , and meaningful . Their compositions are extremely unique in their non-standard song formats but each note intrigues and holds your interest , leaving you wanting to hear more , more , more ! They draw your spirit into traveling and feeling alive , and nothing about this group is cheap-sounding . I 've never heard this kind of music before -LRB- and I own almost every Native cd out there -RRB- - it has it 's very own sound and I strongly commend them . All genres will be interested - from spiritual to upbeat , from contemporary to traditional , they 've go it all in a new kind of blend . Wow - I was SO impressed ! Telling all my friends and you ! I bought everything they have . And it 's timeless .
 This album is simply superb . The music itself is a unique and beautiful mix of traditional songs with very contemporary instrumentation as well as the more expected flute and drum arrangements . These are very accomplished musicians with a sense of reverence and a fascinating touch of play . The album is beautifully produced , and I highly recommend giving it a try , whether you are already a fan of Native American music or brand new to it !
 This is an original recording , so the quality of the recording is not great . In spite of that , the story and music are so conpelling that it really does n't matter .
 Giancarlo Menotti does a superb job with making this opera understandable for all ages . It is a wonderful intro of opera for children . I first watched this as a child and now many years later am able to enjoy it again .
 Of course the quality of this video is well behind current expectations , but , artistically , this piece is strong . The nostalgia factor for folks my age is high . I wish this opera would become a Christmas-time stalwart such as Nutcracker .
 The interview afterwards alone is worth the price of the item . THis is a must have for anyone who knows this work !
 This DVD was created from a video tape of the 1955 live TV performance , so do n't expect color or high resolution . Having said that , the viewing of this 40-minute written-for-TV opera makes it obvious why it was wildly popular in the 50 's and deeply affected the lives of those who performed in it . Excellent liner notes and a recent interview with Rosemary Kuhlmann , who sang the role of the Mother , give even more depth to the experience . Synopsis
 I remember seeing Amahl on TV in my teenage years , and it is very hard to find it being produced . So I was delighted to find this original , and at a reasonable price . I got one for myself and one for my granddaughters . Shortly after I ordered it , there was a production on TV -LRB- in color , which was nice -RRB- , but it was n't as good quality as this original . Thanks for making it available .
 Watching the holiday live TV broadcasts of this opera are an indelible part of my childhood . We also had an LP of the opera , and I knew the libretto by memory.For years I have been looking for a copy of this opera , and was very excited to see , in time for the 2007 holidays that this DVD had finally been released . Now with nieces and nephews the same age I was when this opera was such an important part of the family holiday celebrations , I wanted to share.But - would this 1953 black & white version , with no special effects that kids now expect hold up ? Would they watch for about 5 minutes and leave the room?Hooray ! They -LRB- nephews 10 and 4 yrs old , niece 7 -RRB- were totally engrossed . They are regular churchgoers and go to a church-run private school . They also have taken Suzuki piano lessons since age 4 , so may have had more exposure to both the message and the kind of music than some other childrenI found it to be more profound as an adult than I remembered from childhood . The weaving in of so many moments of Grace in a 45 minute production is so skilled that I hope with proper introduction , many children will have the opportunity to add this wonderful experience to their family 's annual celebrations .
 Amahl and the Night Visitors was a part of all of my early childhood Christmases , shown on the little family black-and-white TV in our 1950 's , 1960 's living room , and some years just aired on NPR on the radio -LRB- turned up loud on my dad 's `` hi-fi '' so that we could listen to it in our beds . -RRB- For me and for many of my generation , this is the ultimate Christmas nostalgia item . I can still sing along to every word , and my grandchildren watched it over and over with me in fascination , pulled into the romantic story of the little crippled boy visited by the 3 kings on their way to the Christ child . Excellent sound quality and heart-wrenchingly beautiful voices .
 Well ! I thought this was a lot of fun . It took me back to the time I saw this very performance - the same grainy black and white . My grandkids thought it was extremely primitive . Grainy black and white did nothing for them , they declared the set to be dorky and they were glad there were subtitles because they could n't understand a word . We all appreciated the slice of history and those young whippersnappers got a greater appreciation for all us oldtimers went through to bring them the slick presentations of today.Delivery was quick , the DVD in ` mint ' condition .
 excellent quality . The content is excellent too , with an insight of what was happening behind the stage from the mother 's point of view , is where you really start knowing what happens in the real world , also I liked the chorus that was a bonus .
 It has been a long time since I have seen this wonderful opera . I do n't know why they do n't put it on TV particularly on the educational channels . I thoroughly enjoyed this dvd and it brought back such enjoyable memories . The music is very good and the melodies stay with you after it is over .
 What a treat after so many years to be able to watch the television version of a most beloved opera . For those of us who waited each Christmas Eve to watch the production on our black and white televisions , watching this took me back to my younger years . I was as excited to watch the DVD as I was 50 years ago.The simplicity of costumes and scenery was refreshing - the opening notes brought all the emotions back . This is a DVD one must have if you want to start or continue a fabulous tradition of families sitting together and watching beautiful story.The story , about a poor family of a single mother and crippled son is set at the time of the birth of Christ with the three Wise men stopping for an evening at their stark cottage . Well worth purchasing with a fine interview 50 years later with the actress who played the single mother .
 I had reservations when I ordered this , given it 's production age , but it was well worth it and will be a staple watch during future Christmas periods .
 This 1955 black and white production is well-done and is the earliest production and the best of the few available -LRB- most are in VHS , this is a DVD -RRB- -- it is a shame it has not been re-done for TV instead of some of the Christmas `` fluff '' stories that play every year . Definitely worth buying -- good family entertainment with memorable music , characters and heartwarming Christmas story ...
 The DVDs were ordered for my sons . They arrived in good time and were in good condition .
 Brought back so many wonderful memories of Christmas past !! Wonderful music and singing , top notch ! Children love this , and so do grown-ups !! `` This is my box , this is my box , I never travel without my box . '' : -RRB-
 It was the early 50 's and live on the television every Christmas was the opera , Amahl and the Night Visitors . It is a story of a crippled shepherd boy and his encounter with the 3 kings on their way to find the Christ child . We were happy to find this rare recording of the 1955 production now on DVD . Also included is an in-depth interview with the woman who played Amahl 's mother for several years plus toured in a traveling production of the opera . The interview was done this past July in Rhode Island . There is also a 6 minute segment of a boys choir singing favorite Christmas caroles . If you remember TV in the early to mid 50 's this will bring back those Christmas memories of live productions .
 This is a film recording -LRB- kinescope -RRB- of the 1955 live telecast of Menotti 's treasured opera . The performers are all excellent , and the mother and Amahl are splendid . Bill McIver as Amahl is extremely earnest and blessed with beautiful singing throughout . The kings blend well in their songs . The dances featuring the townspeople are very nice indeed . The orchestra is excellent.This production was staged for television , in television 's early days , under the supervision of the composer . By today 's standards , the staging and props are sparse . For example , the scenes outside the home use the bare studio floor , without any attempt to create realism . The talents of the performers rise above these shortcomings.From a technical perspective , this is of course a very old recording in black and white , with mono sound . The high frequencies of the recording have been lost , possibly in a misguided attempt to reduce noise inherent in the original . The result is that some of the words are very hard to understand . I find it helpful to turn on the English subtitles while watching it . There are several cameras used for different angles , and each has its own characteristic of grain and contrast -- an interesting window into the technical aspects of early television . This was a live telecast , and so the camera operators were responsible for panning as various scenes unfold ; there are occasional minor misses during some scenes.Amahl was first telecast in 1951 , with the original broadcast being available at the Museum of Broadcast Communications Archives . The scene compositions and camera angles of this production are nearly identical with the original 1951 performance . In general , this 1955 production is smoother and more mature than the 1951 original . Many cast members reprise their roles from the original production , with the notable exception of Bill McIver here as Amahl which was originally performed by Chet Allen . Bill McIver held this role for several successive annual productions.The special features on the DVD are really interesting , especially the interview with Rosemary Kuhlmann -LRB- the mother -RRB- where she discusses at length her experience working with Menotti and the other actors in this and other productions of Amahl .
 Altho I have no memory of watching `` Amahl '' on TV as a young child , I think I must have - the music is sweetly nostalgic for me . This DVD version is lovely . Touching , poignant , and well-sung . I have no problem whatsoever with the visuals and audio - they 're what I grew up with !
 While the video presentation of the opera is truly early TV -LRB- Black & White , etc -RRB- , the production is absolutely fabulous . The acting , the voices , the story is very moving . I feel privileged to have it in my collection .
 All the wonderful voices and Menotti 's staging and the incomparable music that has stayed in my head for 50 years are here . I cried in all the familiar moments . The video is so old that in places it looks like animation , but the atmosphere still comes across . Great special features with inside dope on the first production .
 When I was growing up we opened our Christmas presents after midnight mass . The TV would be on and Amahl and the Night Visitors was one of the shows we would watch . It was pleasantly nostalgic to watch it again .
 I grew up watching the early TV broadcasts of Amahl on or near Christmas day , including the very production on this DVD . Watching this DVD still pulls the heart strings.For that reason , and the fact that the DVD does its best to capture and present the original , I 've awarded the full five stars . The following technical comments are for the benefit of other potential purchasers , for a better informed purchase.Audio / sound is solid , good range -LRB- especially nice solid bass -RRB- , only a small amount of distortion totally within expectations for a recording of the era.Video / image is pretty high contrast , fair amount of detail washed out in the highlights and darkened out in the low key areas . Essentially , a fairly basic image resembling -LRB- or maybe is -RRB- a kinescope . If you 're expecting the beautiful tonal range of a well-made B/W film of the era , this is not it.In the end -LRB- as mentioned in the review title -RRB- , the DVD content does overcome the technical limitations . If you want your own copy of this historic presentation , this is it , probably as good as exists .
 Being almost 60 years old , this video of the only opera written specifically for TV and geared to young people does n't have the best sound or production qualities . But for opera lovers or those whose exposure to opera has been minimal Amahl and the Night Visitors should be a moving experience , with a powerful theme , great performances talented singers and an inspiring climax . It 's only about 45 minutes long but I have seen it numerous times . Perfect viewing for the Christmas season but a DVD for all seasons and all ages . 5 stars !
 THIS IS THES 1955 LIVE AIRING ON TELEVISION ... NO BREAKS , OR ELECTROCNIC ENHANCEMENTS . ALL THE PERFORMERS HAVE EXCELLENT VOICES AND ACTING ABILITIES . THE ` MOTHER ' IN PARTICULAR IS WONDERFUL ... AND THE ADDED COMMENTARY/INTERVIEW WITH HER IS MOST INFORMATIVE .
 An outstanding performance of the classic TV opera . If you have not seen this opera , or if you are looking for a truly authenic performance of it , I would recommend this one . Of course , having been recorded in 1955 , it is black & white , but the essence and art are obvious and set a high standard for future emulation .
 If you love to listen to `` Amahl and the Night Visitors '' every Christmas , then you will enjoy this wonderful made for TV production on DVD . I recommend this !
 This original TV broadcast has hung in my and my best friends memories all our lives . I gave this a a gift to myself , and for his birthday . It is such a joy to watch it again .
 it was wonderful to see words to songs and be able to understand what was happening . this is a classic tale and I rally enjoyed it
 This was such a treat to receive ! I watched this every Christmas as a child . I had not seen in in years , and it brought back wonderful memories . Such a good story ... such a good message .
 It is amazing that we have the opportunity to see programs that were televised over 50 year ago and to rekindle the memories of that time in our lives.Amahl and the Night Visitors was a special part of Christmas TV in the early 1950 's , much as ` The Snowman ' became in the 1980 's .
 How magical to see the Amahl of my childhood again ! This was the exact one I remember . The interview with Rosemary Kuhlman is fabulous !
 The classic 1955 telecast - look forward to watching the whole DVD - am involved with a local production so looking @ the DVD for help with this - looks good .
 This was a Christmas memory that I had as a child . We always used to watch it . Still lovely today .
 This is a treasure ! I remember it as a child . It was preformed almost every Christmas time in the early ' 50 's . Wish they 'd do it again.It may be `` too simple '' for todays generation . However all you kids and grandkids out there , this would be a terrific present for your parents and grandparents!all the best
 It was nice to attempt to apply the story to the christmas story . I will have to get it back from my friend .
 Watched this on tv back in the 50 's and 60 's . it was great then , and it 's great now . if you are young you may not appreciate ` talking ' operas.there is no sex , or violence , or guns or blood in this so it may not have wide appeal . it 's warm and genuine and perfect for the holiday season.the recording itself was very good . no problems .
 This is a video product that I have wanted tor years , and just got around to ordering . I really do love it !
 This takes me back to my childhood when I would look for this on PBS to be played during December . I loved the story of it and I was able to follow the story even as a child . I 'd told someone that it was one of my Christmas memories so I went looking for it and now , I will be able to have it next year and maybe share it with my grandchildren .
 I ordered this movie because I remembered watching it as a child . I told my children about it and wanted them to see it at least once .
 I did n't read the description carefully enough and did not realize this was made in 1955 . I would have preferred a more modern staging . However , the singing was first rate and I enjoyed it .
 An old fashion play to tell the story of the birth of Christ . Good play and brought back memories , but funny for acting then versus now .
 The dvd images and sound are totally clear . This is a wonderful performance that should be enjoyed by all . It was a gift for my sister and she loves it , but I enjoy it as much as she does .
 I had not seen this since I was a child . How wonderful to see it again . I was just as moved as I was when I was a childPray it Forward
 Great copy of the original broadcast for fans of Amahl . It is a holiday tradition in our house for multi-generations .
 This is the quintessential version of this gorgeous , infinitely enduring story of the Three Kings visiting the cottage of a poverty-stricken shepherd 's widow and her crippled son . Menotti 's music here is amazing , the characterizations and voices are marvelous . I have listened to this opera for 45 years , at least annually , and never fail to be moved to tears . No one should miss this lovely thing . This version was the very first , telecast live on December 24 , 1951 . I researched and revised my original statement regarding the telecast date based on a comment by Scott in L.A. Thanks for the correction !
 I can not confirm whether this is the 1954 version or later -LRB- it lists it as 1955 telecast -RRB- . The original -LRB- 1951 -RRB- had Chet Allen as Amahl . This version has Bill McIver . I watched the Hallmark Hall of Fame each year as they showed this wonderful performance . I have been looking for a release of this version for years . This is close enough to the `` original '' to be collected . The sound and video quality are very good , especially considering what the telecast was like . I have no complaints . The story should be well known from the summary , later versions and the reviews . 50 years have not diminished the greatness and enjoyment of this classic .
 I ordered a copy of the 1955 prformance of Amahl and the Night Visitors for many reasons which I think valid , and for some personal reasons.As mentioned in other reviews , this performance offers no glitzy color or modern day technical perfection to which we have become accustomed . However , we should not always seek such shallowness whenwe wish to purchase musical performances . What this performance does have is a dramatically staged version by the composer , a hand-chosen conductor , by the composer , a soprano who , by all accounts was the composer 's ideal , a fine trio of Kings , an emsemble which is one of thetightest I have ever heard and an Amahl who combines vulnerability , sweetness and strength in every way possible . I saw many peformances of this as a child and surely gained much from what it teaches as well as the sublime musical and dramatic moments . I was lucky to have been the college roommate of Bill McIver as we experienced early musical life together . Hearing about his role as he child comprised one of the best periods of my life . I see the man in this child in many ways . I own a number of recordings . This one is all I really need . Recommended highly !!! David Evans , Kill Devil Hills , NC
 I was a little worried when I ordered this Amahl because of its early television production quality , but I am very , very happy with it . I was involved with two different productions of this Operetta , one in high school and one in my church . I love the music very much , and the voices on this video are very good . If you ever owned the 60s RCA recording of the Hallmark Hall of Fame production , you 'll remember a terrible electronic glitch apparently in the master recording during one of the soprano 's best moments -LRB- '' ... but no one brings him incense or gold ... though sick and tired and hungry and cold '' -RRB- that ruined the experience for me each time I listened to it . But there 's nothing like that in this recording . If you love this work , you 'll want to buy this DVD . I suspect some of the folks critical of it were n't around in the 40s/50s and perhaps think that the quality of telvision images broadcast then were better than they actually were . I doubt any amount of technical restoration would help with the picture quality which is , in my opinion , quite good anyway . It 's mostly about the singing after all . The extras on the DVD are good too . I especially enjoyed the boy 's choir . Listening to them depresses me in the sense that their singing is tecnically so superior to anything I 've heard recently . Probably the Diocese that trained and supported them has sunken to guitar music these days.Just thinking about the music makes me break into
 I agree that the DVD is somewhat dark ... but if you were one who saw this opera in 1952 -LRB- when I was 5 yrs old -RRB- , which I did , under the close direction of Menotti himself , you will realize that this is the most exemplery rendering of the opera , unforgettable for the time , and never equalled in subsequent editions . No actress has ever equalled Rosemary Kuhlman 's performance as the mother .
 Amahl and the Night Visitors was a favorite of mine at Christmas when I was a child . I had ordered it on VHS a while back , but the sound quality was not good at all . This DVD is so much better . The picture is still not real good but that 's understandable , it was filmed in the 50 's . However , they have been able to do whatever to the sound to greatly improve it over the VHS version . It 's a sweet timeless story and one I hope to share with my grandchildren someday .
 I could n't believe that the old black & white version of Amahl was available . I was a child when I first saw it and it became a family tradiiton . By the time the version with Teresa Statas -LRB- and color -RRB- came out I was a full-blown opera buff . But it was disappointing ! She was great but something was missing - a simplicity , a lack of pretension , an intimacy . The dance had lost all its spontaneity . Now it 's all come back in this DVD - I was n't wrong - it was n't just nostalgia . This is the way it should always be presented - after all , it was written expressly for the cramped stages of TV .
 In spite of the limitations of 1950s TV this is the best performance of the opera that I have seen - very genuine and moving .
 Professional presentation of a family favorite ! It will show up on our agenda for holiday celebrations often , especially when we ca n't find a live production . Even the children love it and sing the songs along with the actors .
 Not a weak note in Menotti 's score . I try to see a local production every Christmas . The music is so superb , I cherish amateur performances . The tech is dated , but it is beautiful from start to finish .
 It brought back memories when this performance was orginally done . I had forgotten how beautiful their voices were . The story is a wonderful depiction of offering something sacrificially to the Christ Child and receiving a blessing in return.Bill McIver , who played Amahl , lived in my hometown and I knew his family .
 An amazing -LRB- and only -RRB- opera commissioned for TV , in 1952 it became a Christmas tradition until the mid-sixties when the culture in general and T.V. in particular moved the center of Christmas from Christ to Claus . However , this opera deserves a listen at any time of the year . This DVD is of a live performance from the 1955 broadcast . The video is a kinescope -LRB- i.e. film of the broadcast monitor -RRB- and primitive by today 's standards , but the music and performances transcends the technology . The audio is quite good , though .
 My mother had been missing this - it used to be shown on network tv every Christmas . I even remember seeing it in color ! Finding this made her holiday and it will become a holiday tradition for our family . A great piece of early broadcst history .
 I was a very young child when Amahl was first televised . I looked forward to this televised event every year and it became a special part of my Christmas as a child . I was delighted to find Amahl on DVD and am not disappointed . It is not in great shape visually or audibly but it really is n't a problem if you love this opera . The one thing I am really pleased with is it has captions so you do n't miss what is being sung . I also enjoyed very much the interview with Rosemary Kuhlmann . If Amahl was a part of your Christmas when you were a child you will certainly love it .
 I love this operetta ! Saw it on TV as a kid & enjoy seeing it every Christmas season . Still timely .
 I wanted this for my Mom who was an opera singer and has played the roll of &#34; the mother &#34; in Amahl ! She loved & remembered seeing this version .
 This film was asked for by our residents -LRB- Assisted Living and Nursing Home -RRB- . It was a favorite past classic , that was shown on TV , but no longer seems to make the Christmas Movies . The discussion group that followed , was wonderful . It really triggered many memories for our viewers .
 This is my second version of this opera . I like both versions . Amahl was very good in this version . ok
 It 's not often that such a historical performance surfaces so many decades after it has survived only as a dim memory in the minds of the few who still live to tell the tale . But such is the case with this historic performance of Henry Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas . Most opera aficionados are well aware , of course , of the studio recording from the early 50s featuring Kirsten Flagstad in the regal role of Dido and the weirdly cast Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as her friend and confidante Belinda . Far fewer are aware of the historical genesis of that commercial recording , a series of performances given by Mme. Flagstad in the role at the Mermaid Theatre in 1951 . While there can be little doubt that those performances were a smashing success , so successful that the subsequent EMI recording became almost a foregone conclusion , there were very few , I believe , who realized that one of them had actually been preserved.But preserved indeed it was . And now we are all privileged , almost 60 years later , to hear once again this astounding musical event.And astounding it indeed is . In a voice that is both more expressive and more flexible than some might have given it credit , considering its more ponderous Wagnerian traditions , Flagstad gives us a picture of Dido that is at once endless in its royalty and dignity and infinite in its pathos and detail . Note the filigree-thin diminuendi sprinkled by Flagstad like diamonds across the rich path of Dido 's superbly-composed music . Even the highest notes demanded by this very challenging mezzo role are handled by Flagstad with ease and beauty , including a spellbinding `` Remember me '' that trails off into pianissimo heartbreak toward the end of Dido 's signature aria `` When I Am Laid In Earth . '' Some have occasionally complained that Flagstad 's top was at times disturbingly thin and unsupported , not of a piece with the marble richness of tone that characterized the rest of her voice . Well , aside from a few thready high notes in the first few notes of this performance , her vocalism is rich , extraordinarily beautiful , and virtually flawless throughout . I have often had occasion to remark that hearing the greatest singers in their prime frequently gives one the experience of rediscovering all over again what made them great . This holds true in spades for this recording . For any fans of Kirsten Flagstad , indeed any fans of sumptuous operatic vocalism , this recording is a must.While not in Flagstad 's league , Maggie Teyte 's performance of Belinda is a fascinating document of a superb French artist not normally associated with this repertoire but giving it her tasteful best -LRB- she was an astounding 63 in 1951 -RRB- . Hers is the icing on this enormously delicious and profoundly satisfying cake.Let us hope this performance is available for many years to come . It is a unique and unforgettable operatic document .
 Three of the best stereolab albums , on the cheap - ca n't go wrong . Buy it now , and then listen to the first track on ` Mars Audiac Quintet ' - ` Three-Dee Melodie ' . This is pop at its very finest .
 Having only heard a few scattered Stereolab tunes , I was delighted to find this set of 3 . Containing 3 of their earlier albums -LRB- Transient Random Noise Bursts with Announcements -1993 , Mars Audiac Quintet - 1994 , and Emperor Tomato Ketchup - 1995 -RRB- It is a great mix and and a nice way to follow the progression of this great band . CD 's are in original packaging with inserts . Besides how else are you gon na get 3 import CD 's so cheap ? Buy now !
 These three discs are a perfect place to begin your Stereolab collection as it covers a wide cross section of `` the stereolab sound '' . And the music ... ??? just look up the individual disc reviews on Amazon.It 's all there ... Enjoy
 This CD contains all the tracks off the American version of the same name plus 5 bonus tracks.While most Sheena fans are familiar with the American version songs ; it is the bonus tracks that make this CD worth the money alone.Family of One , Please Do n't Sympathise and -LRB- especially -RRB- Right or Wrong , make you wonder why were these tracks left off of other LPs when originally issued.Right or Wrong is far superior to most of the non bonus tracks.The two remaining bonus trax Paradox and Summer 's Over are haunting but are avail on other CDs.If you like the first two Sheena American releases get this CD .
 Why is it so often that an artist 's first CD is her best ? Perhaps it 's because there are no expectations for a first CD . Regardless of the reason , Sheena 's first CD is definitely her best . She and her producer , Christopher Neil , chose 10 catchy pop songs for this album . Neil gives Sheena room to breathe life into each of these pop gems . She sounds young , excited , and sympathetic on these tracks . And I agree with the reviewer before me - when I heard the bonus tracks , I wondered why they had been cut from the original album ! So often the bonus tracks are long remixes and other rarities that only an artist 's mother could love , but these bonus cuts are classic Sheena . This is well worth your money .
 While I prefer the pouty vamp that Sheena Easton became in the late '80s , after Prince got his hooks into her and she guest-starred on `` Miami Vice '' and began doing commercials as a spokesperson for Bally 's Health Club , this first album of hers is a solid debut effort.The material is comparable to what Olivia Newton-John was doing in the '70s . Sheena was one of a handful of new female artists to really hit it big in 1981 , but she was n't as country as Juice Newton or as rock as Kim Carnes , falling somewhere in the middle.Of course , `` Morning Train -LRB- Nine to Five -RRB- '' was a HUGE hit in the US/Canada in Spring 1981 , spending five weeks at # 1 . It 's a bouncy , upbeat pop number and unlike today 's divas , Sheena 's voice carries the song without any autotune or technical enhancements.The follow-up single `` Modern Girl '' is also here , though nowhere near as big a hit as `` Train '' , it 's still a pleasant , catchy , singalong tune.Though the rest of the album mostly falls into the sometimes dreaded Easy-Listening/Adult Contemporary mode , Sheena 's glossy vocals and delivery and the interesting arrangements prevent it from boring the listener.A few songs like `` Do n't Send Flowers '' and `` Cry '' have a very slight country tinge about them . `` Voice on the Radio '' , `` Take My Time '' and `` One Man Woman '' are harmless faster numbers , adequate but not spectacular . `` So Much in Love '' is a perfect example of Adult Contemporary . `` Prisoner '' is probably the closest thing to a rock number that this album offers and is one of the better songs.The pretty piano ballad `` Calm Before the Storm '' is also memorable . Sheena 's delivery helps the song trascend its simplicity.If you buy this CD , make sure you get the version with the five bonus tracks , because two of them are even better than the material on the original album pressing.The gorgeous , slower `` Family of One '' showcases Sheena 's range and crystal-clear vocals . It 's my favorite of all the songs on here.The laid-back `` Summer 's Over '' makes you feel like you sitting on the beach , listening to waves roll in . This one 's also a winner.The country-flavored `` Right or Wrong '' and slow , dreamy `` Paradox '' complete this album.While not many of these tracks jump out and grab you right away , this album will grow on you and while it 's not her best , it 's a great start for better things to come .
 Sheena Easton , her self titled debut album , is 32 minutes and 31 seconds long and was released in March 1981 . Sheena Easton reached # 24 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album Chart and went Gold . The music on the album is great . She is a joy to listen to . This album gets an A.Side OneMorning Train -LRB- 9 to 5 -RRB- # 1 U.S. Billboard Hot 100 # 1 U.S. Billboard ARC Top 40 # 1 U.S. Billboard Adult ContemporaryDo n't Send FlowersCryTake My TimePrisonerSide TwoModern Girl # 18 U.S. Billboard Hot 100 # 9 U.S. Billboard ARC Top 40 # 13 U.S. Billboard Adult ContemporarySo Much in LoveVoice on the RadioOne Man WomanCalm Before The Storm
 Side 11-Morning Train -LRB- Nine to Five -RRB- 2-Don ' t Send Flowers3-Cry4-Take My Time5-PrisonerSide 21-Modern Girl2-So Much in Love3-Voice on the Radio4-One Man Woman5-Calm Before the Storm
 I first bought this album when it came out on tape . The CD has even more good songs by Sheena . Well worth the money , and great listening .
 Here is Sheena Easton 's very first alumb i mean cd . This is the one that started it all from the hits Morning Train and Modern Girl you will see why it is an great cd.Rondall
 This album like Eastons onthers suffer from filler.My Favs Prisoner , Cry , Morning Train , Take My Time .
 Good track selection , and the mix is tight as would be expected .
 Frankie bones goes at it again with this album . It has a dark and sometimes errie undertone and gets really hardcore at times . A lot of different sounds involved and this stuff will definetely get you moving and thinking . A must for hardcore techno fans ...
 The Wetlands preserve in New York lost its lease a while ago and had to close , which -LSB- stinks -RSB- . This CD brings back the glory days of the northeast jam band scene . Check out the cool take on the Super Mario Brothers theme -LRB- `` SMB '' -RRB- .
 We had the opportunity to listen to ulu 's new CD . It is fantastic ! We want to own one to keep in the car and one for the house . And we 'll be buying this CD to give to friends . Please let us know as soon it is available to order .
 Great CD . Glad I learned about this band . They do a GREAT cover of Super Mario Brothers . This is a new twist to Jazz .
 This is one groovy cd ! The band is great live , so this highlights their improvisational skills ... No song is ever the same !!! GET IT NOW !!!
 Skip Heller is probably the most under-rated artist around today . He 's conversant with jazz , country , cartoon music , and more , but he never loses his indivduality . He does n't resort to just playing licks . His compositions are really original , and his choice of covers is eclectic and intriguing . He 'll take on Coltrane , the Allman Bros , Cole Porter , and Bill Monroe , and he always makes it sound like Skip Heller music . Like his buddies NRBQ , he 'll keep you guessing and will leave you shouting for more .
 These albums are also sold seperately but if you do not have any of these , then this collection is perfect . 2 classic prison albums `` full length '' and `` uncensored '' from 1968 and 1969 . You also get the 1972 album `` America '' . Johnny Cash is the best there ever was and is true legend . Buy this !!!
 This set is great for any fan ! You get 3 CDs and you ca n't beat that if you 're looking for a live set
 It is hard to believe that this is no longer available new on Amazon . I think this is a great CD with jazz and bluegrass all mixed together . If you want to call it progressive , that works too . Anyway , it is great music . Buy it !!
 Unbelievable singing and acting , Simionato is more than perfect , just breathtaking . After you listen her you will understand what I mean . There are no words to describe it . Much much better than any other recording of Cavalleria sung by her or any other . She is the star . The rest of the cast sings and acts correctly . Very good black and white video and sound quality . Much much better than expected . A Must . You will not find a better Cavalleria on DVD .
 Mascagni 's ` Cavalleria Rusticana ' and Leoncavallo 's ` Pagliacci ' are well served by the latest production by Mario del Monaco 's son Giancarlo . The sets are primitive as befits operas with primitive setting . Carlo Guelfi as Tonio sings his famous prologue before ` Cavalleria ' making it the prologue to both operas and not only ` Pagliacci ' . In ` Cavalleria ' Vileta Urmana and Vincenzo La Scola present lovers at loggerheads and La Scola turns out to be sympathetic in the end while in ` Pagliacci ' Vladimir Galouzine triumphs over some relatively crude singing to portray a character racked by suffering to garner our sympathy as Canio.Carlo Guelfi and Maria Bayo partner him ably to advocate admiably the opera . Guelfi as Tonio takes back from Canio the opera 's final line ` La Commedia e finita ' making him the opera 's satanic deus ex machina . This expedient restores the importance of Tonio in the opera . While Caruso in appropriating the line for Canio proved immediately effective there is no doubt that Leocavallo 's first thoughts were best .
 Due to the relative obscurity of this band , in spite of its melodicism and inventiveness , few have noted the huge influence they had later on with prince 's career . Maybe not the Purple One 's earliest albums , but starting around the `` 1999 '' era.This album is the perfect mixture of folk-rock , a bit of r & b ; , and even some hints of Hendrix.From a musicianship point of view , Love had no peers in pop at the time . Listen to how the bass and drums groove , even on the more folkish tunes ! Totally in the pocket!I have the earlier CD issue , but plan to pick this one up for the Mono mixes , as I have found most 60 's bands sound better in mono -LRB- early stereo was atrocious , for the most part -RRB- .
 many could argue that `` Forever Changes '' is not only Love 's greatest album and one of rock 's all time masterpieces but this debut by Arthur Lee , Bryan Maclean , and company is fantastic listening on it 's own.it has alot of Beatles/Byrds guitar and rhythm to it , but add Arthur 's strong vocals and lyrics -LRB- bryan 's `` hey joe '' and `` softly to me '' are wonderful folk-rock pieces -RRB- . and if you want killer guitar listen to Johnny Echols ' instrumental `` emotions '' . with any of Love 's first 3 lps you ca n't go wrong and this is a great start .
 a fantastic collection of music . i seem to love it more now then in its time , but their was just so much music when this album appeared . fantastic timeless truly just buy itand enjoy .
 This is a wonderful tool to use for meditation and prayer during the season of Lent . I have only listened to the Lent portion of this CD and am saving the Easter portion for when Easter comes . This CD features many traditional Lenten and Easter songs . It is a joy to listen to and to pray with . Those looking for `` liturgical '' music to keep the Church 's season will want this CD .
 I enjoy Anthony Carter 's ability to make beautiful music ! We 've played this CD over and over again . It is relaxing and just makes us feel good . I recommend it !
 I do n't think this one is even in print anymore , actually ... `` The Real Folk Blues '' has long since been supplanted by much more comprehensive compilations , and this CD reissue is now available paired with `` More Real Folk Blues '' on a twofer disc from MCA.The dozen songs on `` The Real Folk Blues '' were n't recorded especially for this album , but merely compiled from various sessions , and although some of this material is early acoustic stuff , tough electric numbers like `` Mannish Boy '' and `` Walking Through The Park '' are not excactly folkish.But there 's no arguing with the quality of this music . A mixed bag of Chess sides recorde between 1949 and 1954 , `` The Real Folk Blues '' rounds up some of Muddy 's first commercial recordings with just bassist Ernest `` Big '' Crawford for company , as well as a handful of terrific mid-50s electric sides including the aforementioned `` Mannish Boy '' and `` Walking Through The Park '' , the hit singles `` Forty Days And Forty Nights '' and `` You Ca n't Lose What You Ai n't Never Had '' , and the classic `` Just To Be With You '' -LRB- you know , the one that starts with the line `` On a ship that 's made of paper ... '' -RRB- . Willie Dixon 's `` The Same Thing '' is another highlight , as are Muddy 's sparse early renditions of `` Walking Blues '' and `` Rollin ' And Tumblin ' '' , and the wonderful `` Gypsy Woman '' with Sunnyland Slim on the piano . The rare `` Canary Bird '' , another early waxing , pops up as well.This is great music , but it 's a little hard to see the need for this particular compilation , which omits many more of Muddy 's best and most popular songs than it includes , yet only features one genuine rarity.If you 're more or less new to Muddy Waters , go for the excellent `` The Anthology 1947-1972 '' from MCA/Chess for starters - and of course the wonderful `` Muddy Waters At Newport '' album . `` The Real Folk Blues '' is a great collection of songs , but it wo n't satisfy the listener who wants a comprehensive Muddy collection , and the diehard fan looking for rarities wo n't find too many of those here either . It would make a nice sampler , though .
 This album by Muddy Waters was released in 1966 . It was basically released to capitalize on the folk and blues revivals -LRB- hence the title -RRB- . The songs consist of a random assortment of songs that had not previously been on an album . The songs were recorded between 1949 and 1964 , so the album does n't really have a uniform sound to it . The older tracks are pretty worn out and scratchy sounding . Despite the audio shortcomings of this CD , there are a lot of classic performances here . If you can find a cheap copy of this CD , it will be worth picking up .
 ... like the title says , `` The Real Folks Blues '' . `` Mannish Boy '' is my fave , but , for the price you ca n't beat playing all it til dawn . They do n't -LRB- ca n't ? wo n't ? -RRB- do blues like that no more and that 's too bad ... that 's why these Chess Records collections -- Howlin ' Wolf , John Lee Hooker , Muddy Waters , etc -- are so great . This is a great starter CD for those who wan na know the blues , but do n't and a great CD for those of us who have been there and love it already ...
 Collection of the best performances by Muddy Waters . Muddy Waters is a master of slide guitar . His electric delta blues is awsome . ` Click '
 muddy is a hell of slide guitar . interplay in this c.d. is one of the best . pianist in Gypsy Woman is nice . must for muddy fans .
 Someone reviewed this CD and said it was Muddy 's best and I beg to differ . `` Hard Again '' is probably his best CD but this one is very good . The selections are all well known but it does n't matter . If you like the blues and appreciate the various nuances that performers can add to their presentation then you know that no matter how many times you hear Muddy perform , say , `` Mannish Boy '' -LRB- No B ooh chile -RRB- , each time presents a different revelation . McKinley Morganfield , through his music , remains a giant .
 TRACK LISTING :1 . Main Title2 . The Iron Claw3 . Brewery Battle4 . Noble Quest5 . Death And Dishonor6 . Private Moment7 . Slippery When Wet8 . Yakety Yakuza9 . Saving Minaka10 . Kenner And Johnny11 . Brewery Bust12 . Haydn Seek13 . Little Tokyo14 . Heavy Metal Sushi15 . Into The Vat16 . Death And Disfiguration
 It 's almost unbelievable that Lionel Long is better known as a minor TV actor than as a singer , if he 's known at all . His voice is fabulous ; warm and clear , with great control and sensitivity.There is a great selection of songs here , some humorous , some serious , some famous . You could n't get a better balanced collection.And there is one compelling reason to have it - the best ever recording of a haunting ballad with a stunningly beautiful melody
 I had this record when I was very young and was over the moon to see it available on CD . It was even better than I remembered . All very traditional Australian ballads , but Lionel Long 's voice is truly fantastic . The CD includes a few songs not on the original vinyl version with simpler arrangements .
 One of the original OG 's to spit pimp rhymes . He been selling in the game now for at least fifteen years and has an ample supply of albums -LRB- 14 or 15 -RRB- . In many lists Too Short is not included as one of the greatest rappers ever . Its a shame . He constantly comes up with interesting stories and rhymes and combines tight beats and flow . And more than that he has survived the game for 15 albums !!!! He isnt underground rapper either . He has too many collaborations to count and when he is on the song it makes it that much better . It 's about Longevity not how many pop singles and jingles you can make up . But I believe that the reason he does n't get much play from the mainstream is because he is so explicit . His detailed stories can be entertaining and disgusting at the same time which makes it tight . That 's not to say that Too Short relies on shock value its just that his main interest is sex.The beats on this album are extremely head-nodding and pimpalicious . Only Too $ hort can provide this type of beat . His flows are on point and his rhymes are the same calibur pimp rhymes . The only reason this is not a five star album is because the hooks are n't all that great and some of the beats are less than stellar . Plus Too $ hort does n't deviate from the sex talk so it can get tiresome sometimes . If you are just now catching on that Too $ hort is the man and you want a starting place try one of his other albums such as Cocktails or Get In Where You Fit In , or even Chase The Cat . This cd is mainly for hardcore loyal fans and I doubt that many others would like it . Try his other albums before this one if you dont know .
 being a fan of too short everysince life is i have bought all his albums and liked everyone except his last one . This one is a huge improvement over his last cd and a another classic . I recommend it to anyone that listens to too short but i wish that ant banks would come back and sang in the mix some bc he helped add some flavor .
 Too Short 's new album is dope as hell , he is the hardest working man in showbiz , over the summer i saw him shooting a video with J-DUBB for his new video on his new album `` money trees and real estate '' and Too Short was the coolest cat . The video and song was dope . I learned that he still gets down on other people 's albums and helps them get their projects off the ground . Get Too Shorts new joint and all the others he supports like J-DUBB ! PEACE .
 This is only my second 2 short cd . # 10 and this . I have been pleased with my purchases . I never got into 2 short years back , but hearing him on other albums made my go out and buy them . I like the beats on this album , I really like Dirty Love . That be is slamming .
 If you are an old Too Short fan , this album is just what you 're looking for . But this cd is tighter than most of his albums . Just check it out and you 'll know what I 'm talking about .
 Personally , I thought Too $ hort 's last album was a bit weak ... Some of the tracks were OK , but not great . This album is much better . Almost all the tracks are awesome , except the 4 and 8th . But the rest is awesome ! I just bought this CD and I am totally happy bout it . Yea Oakland !
 I think that this is Short Dawg 's best album ever . Every track is tight and he 's still spittin ' that P.I.M.P. . . to the fullest . A true TOO SHORT fan will never sleep on him . I still ca n't wait to album # 20 ... This is a must have CD !
 14 months since his last album -LRB- his out of retirement album -RRB- , $ hort Dog is back with album 12 and it 's one of his better ones , of the 9 albums of his I own . -LRB- 1 is a classic , 4 I 'd give 4.5 stars , 2 I 'd give 4 stars , and 2 I 'd give 3.5 stars -RRB- . The album title tells the story , as this is vintage Too $ hort that made us all love him since the mid 1980 's , and he 's still doing it . Of his newer albums that came out after his 1996 `` retirement '' this is tied for the best . With 14 songs , 1 classic , 2 almost classics , 3 are ok , and the other songs are good or great ones . Guests rap on 4 songs and do the hook on about 4 . Production is tight as well . Don Brown does 4 songs , Mike D & Sonny B do 3 , Quint Black does 2 and Prowla , DJ Silk , Jazze Pha , Ant Banks and Erick Sermon all do 1 song . Amust have album for fans of $ hort Dog or dirty rap . # 1 - 10 -LRB- CLASSIC -- a typical great $ hort song -- dirty with a tight beat -RRB- # 2 - 9 -LRB- another dirty one -RRB- # 3 - 8 -LRB- f / Kokane -- Pimp $ * ! + -RRB- # 4 - 9.5 -LRB- f / E-40 -- great beat -RRB- # 5 - 9 -LRB- f / Tye Samples -- nice beat -RRB- # 6 - 8 -LRB- f / Chyna -- dirty song w / nice beat -RRB- # 7 - 7 -LRB- f / Nation Riders -RRB- # 8 - 9 -LRB- about doing 2 B ! + che $ at ones -- tight beat -RRB- # 9 - 9.5 -LRB- great beat -RRB- # 10 - 8 -LRB- f / Captain Save Em -- about h0e $ -RRB- # 11 - 7.5 -LRB- about fake players in the game -RRB- # 12 - 7 -LRB- f / Val Young -- another dirty one -RRB- # 13 - 8 -LRB- f / Murda One -RRB- # 14 - 9 -LRB- about the Old School -- nice beat -RRB- Todd Shaw -- b. 4/29/66 -- b. Los Angeles , CA moved to Oakland , CACheck all my reviews
 I like this album as none of the 14 songs on this album are filler . After 12 albums Too $ hort is still comming up with funky beats for his freaky tales . The stand out songs on this album are `` Anything is possible '' , `` You Nasty '' , `` Pimp Sh*t '' , `` 2 B * tches '' and `` Be my Dirty love '' . The album is worth the price for these five tracks alone.The other songs on the album are also quite good , but the above five are the real stand outs .
 This track is aight . If your a Too Short fan it is a must have though . When you listen to Too Short you really have to listen to the lyrics because he is n't the type of rapper that flows like Tupac or Dmx etc. . But he is one of the greatest rappers of all time . I gave this track a 4 because it is Too Short and he still has tight music . So go out and buy it and you wo n't be dissapointed . Peace
 Too Short is the Ultimate PIMP - If you like this album check out Smoke Sessions , Vol . 1 - from his homie Devin the Dude another 5 Stars
 Short remains steadfast w/this release . Production varies , even E. Sermon drops by w/a dope beat for Short to spit to . If you 're a fan you will not be dissapointed . His lyrical pimp hand remains strong throughout the duration of the record . Add it to your collection ! PEACE
 `` You Nasty '' is Too Short 's 12th album !! And he has n't gone anywhere . The man 's been doing it for about 20 years ! Now , that 's what I call a true vet ! ... Not only he 's one of the first to put the Bay on the map , but he 's also the first one to rap about pimpin ' , waaaay before all those wanna-be 's started acting like they know a thing about it . Too $ hort is a true mack , and it just shows . `` You Nasty '' is perhaps even better that `` Ca n't Stay Away '' since `` Can Stay ... '' had a few filler cuts at the end , featuring some of Short Records ' new `` talents '' . Now , that does n't happen on this album , which is short of guests . Only guest appearences are by E-40 , Captain Save Em , Chyna and the Nation Riders . Too $ heezy does n't need anyone else . Once again he proves on this album that he trully is one of the greatest rappers EVER . He 's got one of the best flows in the rap game , period . The boy 's flows are perfect over the beats . In terms of topics , you know what Todd Shaw is all about - Pimpin ' , being a true playa ... the rap game ... Too Short 's verses are sharp , strong and sometimes funny . On quite a few songs Short spits some cold-a ** sh ** about the pimp game . Production is perfect , as usual , handled by Quint Black , Jazze Pha , Ant Banks , Erick Sermon , Sonny B and a couple of others . And if the tight mucis on this CD is not enough - check out the BOOKLET ! It 's one of the nastiest booklets ever made . You get to see quite a few pictures of your boy Short with a couple of gorgeous NAKED ladies . Plenty of A ** and ti *** es for weeks !! Now , is n't THAT nasty , I 'm asking you ? Hahaha ! Short , you did it again , playa !
 It 's easy to review this album . If you like funk mixed with a little rap , ska and rock , you have to listen to this band ! If you want to dance your bum off for 2 + hours , you have to see AMS live . If you ca n't see them live , this live CD will give you an idea as to their energy ! Check them out !
 Taking up where Sly and the Family Stone would have gone 30 years later , this band is fronted by a brother on drums with a stage presence that is as big as his mushroom-cloud Afro-wig and the personality to command an army of players . How about a hybrid of breakneck acid rock-funk-jazz ? Not in this dimension ? That 's all right , because Landis Expandis and his friends have their home beyond our galaxy , and when they get together to play , the universe listens . Just listen to them cook with ritmo loco rhythms on `` Trendsetter , '' and you 'll be on the passenger manifest as the guitar solo ignites like a giant rocket behind the belching saxophones and trumpet.I had the opportunity to speak with guitarist Warren Boes at a booty-shakin ' November show in NYC at the Mercury Lounge about his style , which has a tone that I last heard on Crosswinds , a release by the Mahavisnu Orchestra 's drummer , Billy Cobham . Sure enough , Warren 's hero and inspiration is John Abercrombie -- and the Senators are getting rave reviews from must-see shows from Mars and alternate locations in other quadrants . Those wind storms on Jupiter ? - that 's the horn section doing their frenzy on `` Triumphant . '' Lock this in before they make the leap to hyperspace . Oh , and when you make the trip , be sure to get acclimated before `` Culture Shock '' gets you in the groove and you watch your partner shake their thing -- all three of them , if he or she is a Senators fan . They do n't make ` em like this here on Earth and never will again !
 THE ALMIGHTY SENATORS ARE POWERFUL , RIVETING AND FANTASTIC !
 This is one of my all time favorite CD 's . I love the mixture of funk and rock , synthesizers , originality and pure silliness . For example one song is introduced as a `` love song '' but it 's a funky tribute to booty . Transmitta is a comic-book hero 's hymn to the mysterious source of MUSIC and all creative energy . It is humorously spiritual . And Landis ! How can a guy stand up and play drums and sound so good ? I do n't get that . Going to an All Might Senators show will provide you with some hard-rocking , highly funky serious entertainment . They are a sexy rock band but they do n't tkae them selves seriously . They are fun and funny . The energy and humor of their live show comes across on this CD . If you like original , honest , technicolor sexy humor , you 'll like the Senators .
 I was surprised that in a little known Austrian festival , at least for me , could be presented so sumptuous and lavish production of Nabucco , rivaling and , I believe , surpassing even big name houses . Musically , I found the singers very good , above all the baritone Walter Donati -LRB- Nabucco -RRB- , the bass Alessandro Teliga -LRB- Zaccaria -RRB- , the soprano Galiana Kalinina -LRB- Abigaille -RRB- , and the tenor Mikhail Agafonov -LRB- Ismaele -RRB- . But I found the sound of the orchestra too low throughout the opera , it could be its location , on the scenery , enclosed , next to the singers , but unseen to the public.And sometimes the chorus sounded too low , but other times very good.Also , it is not seen or sung , the treacherous recitative of Abigaille , `` Ben io te inveni '' , that I felt the soprano Kalinina it could do.I do not give 5 stars for this and its shortness compared , to the other one I own , that is of Riccardo Muti.But for regie , visuals , effects , stage and scenery , it is incredible.I believe that you will not find another DVD better than this , taking into account its price.Congratulations to the people of the Sankte Margarethen Festival.I hope get more of this kind of DVDs.S
 I seriously wish there would be more stars to rate this CD with . I remember sitting in me bedroom , listening to the radio when all of a sudden a guitar riff so brilliant , so new came on . Lyric `` I need to be myself , I cant be no one else '' What the hell ?? this is really good ... really really good . Supersonic than huh ? Went out , bought the album , have been hooked ever since . The rawness that goes into this album is fantastic , really . There are no frills to this band , no engeneering affects , just straight rock 'n' roll , press record and you 've got the sound you want . Stand out tracks
 The best comment I have ever heard regarding Definitely Maybe was from some sort of music/album/rock compendium ... they said that this album already sounds like a greatest hits compilation . Think about it ... we have the lighter waving `` Live Forever '' , the ass-kicking , tear-out-your-seat-and-throw-it-at-the-stage rock and roll of `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' or `` Rock 'n' Roll Star '' ... it 's all here , even an endearing acoustic encore as in `` Married With Children '' -LRB- no relation -RRB- . The only weakness of Definately Maybe is the tendecy of these 11 songs to sound a bit similar ... otherwise , this is an incredible and terribly infectious first album.By the way , for those people , even some on this particular page , who decry the Gallaghers as being arrogant , digusting pigs , I say ... so what ? Rememebr kids , that 's half the fun right there ...
 Oasis is most well-known for their monster album `` What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- '' , and rightfully so . That album delivered 3 classic Beatles-esque songs - `` Wonderwall '' , `` Do n't Look Back In Anger '' and `` Champagne Supernova '' . Though this album does not have any `` classics '' on it per se -LRB- two songs come close -RRB- , overall it 's just a great album with a high amount of energy . All the different parts of the songs -LRB- the singer , drums , guitars , etc. -RRB- tend to all sound like they 're on the same level , but that does n't effect the songs too too much . The last song , `` Married With Children '' , is a pretty funny addition considering it 's a very slow song compared to the rest of the album . The lyrics , if you can make them out , are usually very meaningful . Noel Gallagher does a great job fitting the band 's grungy britpop style as he is a very good singer and is definitely likable -LRB- he sounds a lot like The Beatles , but that 's not really a bad thing , is it ? -RRB- . Every track here is good-if-not great , but I think the real stand-out tracks are `` Up In The Sky '' and `` Live Forever '' -LRB- which I think was a hit -RRB- . These two songs just KILL ! I would 've given this a `` 4.5 '' , but these two songs definitely bump it up to a `` 5 '' . If you 're looking for a great -LRB- britpop -RRB- album with a high dosage of energy , then Oasis ' `` Definitely Maybe '' is definitely -LRB- maybe -RRB- the album to get -LRB- har har -RRB- ! Rock fans will most likely dig this!Highlights include : the entire album , though `` Live Forever '' and `` Up In The Sky '' are the `` best ''
 I ca n't understand why people like -LRB- WTS -RRB- MG ? better . DM 's got everything . It 's simply amazing.The best songs , IMO , are Rock 'n' Roll Star , Live Forever , Supersonic , Cigarettes & Alcohol -LRB- so f *** ing good -RRB- and Slide Away . They get 11 out of 10 . The others 10 out of 10 . If you 're new to Oasis . Buy this album first . I promise that you wo n't be disappointed . Not if you appreciate good music .
 Oasis has made an awesome debut . I love this CD . It is n't the best that Oasis has made , but it 's not the worse . It contains hit like Rock N ' Roll Star , Live Forever , Up in the Sky , Supersonic , Digsy Diner , Slide Away , Married with Children , and on some cds the single Sad Song.Supersonic is probaly my favorite song on the CD . It 's guitar is catchy and will have the melody stuck in your head.Married with Children is another one of my favorites off of it . I love the acoustic guitar in the set . It 's beautifully written and sung.Live Forever is another great song . It 's a ballad that will last forever.Noel Gallagher is an awesome songwriter . I 'd say he is the best in the music business . I wish Oasis spent more time in the U.S. I honestly believe these guys could be a modern day Beatles , if they did like the rest of the music world and sold out to MTV . I 'm glad they have n't . Come listen to the roots of Oasis . They are a lot more than Wonderwall , Champagne Supernova , and Do n't Go Away . Go and buy Definetly Maybe . If your an Oasis fan , you 'll Definetly like it .
 Definitely Maybe shows The Beatles what they were missing , that gutsiness to give the whole world the Vs. Kicking off with the rip roaring Rock 'n' Roll Star and ending with the lullaby that is Married With Children , this album is certainly the best thing Oasis have ever produced . Never mind all the hype and acclaim that came with Morning Glory , it could never match the extra punch that Definitely Maybe packs . Live Forever and Slide Away are the album 's highlights and is n't it curious that from the bad 's first three albums , the best song from each was n't released as a single ; Slide Away , Champagne Supernova and Fade In-Out . I 'll bet Gas Panic ! is n't a single !
 This album is one of the best things to happen in modern music . It annoys me when everyone compares 'em to the Beatles ... so what ! Every great artist throughout the history of music has based themselves on someone previous ... Michael Jackson and Prince influenced by James Brown and Stevie Wonder , John Lennon by Chuck Berry and Elvis Costello , David Bowie by The Beatles , Madonna by Debbie Harry , it goes on and on ... SO WHAT ! That 's why music evolves and progresses!And lets face it , its not as if the charts are cluttered with outstanding artists these days , therefore you ca n't be too critical when something as solid as this comes along , especially when the only alternatives are bland horrors like the hideous Coldplay or the frankly lousy 50cent . GET A GRIP!Appologies about that little rant , but I felt i needed to get it off my chest ! The album is a little corker , I prefer What 's the story , but its still an absolute hum-dinger ! Classic !
 Noel Gallagher , guitarist and part-time singer for Oasis , once claimed that all the lyrics he ever wanted to say were contained on `` Definitely Maybe 's '' gorgeous lead-off tune , `` Rock ` n ' Roll Star . '' Sounds about right to me . When Noel 's brother Liam passionately sings , `` Tonight I 'm a rock and roll star '' in his cockeyed British accent -LRB- well before he actually WAS a big-time rock ` n ' roll star -RRB- you ca n't do anything but believe him . Oasis have always been an amazing band , and it never again got as fun , hard rocking and downright melodic as what 's heard on the band 's debut CD from 1994 . With non-invasive percussion work , fat guitar rhythms , guitar solos that are somehow classy , great singing and electric tunes that would translate perfectly to acoustic , Oasis were every bit as catchy as The Beatles from the very beginning -- and appropriately harder-edged . Much of this album contains genuine and well-deserved swagger . The groovin ' `` Shakermaker , '' for instance , always kind of reminded me of a Rolling Stones song on steroids . The first big hit for Oasis , `` Live Forever , '' is a sublime and sentimental pop song that recalls the vocal work of The Monkees . Simultaneously , the song hearkened the future with a sense of iconic optimism , but there was also a sense of sad caution in the lyrics , which proved Noel Gallagher was deep enough to know that life offered more than just being the heralded rock star he so desired.The beautifully squealing guitar riff on `` Supersonic '' is how I first discovered Oasis , and I knew the band was something special from the start . Chock full of goofy lyrics and great rhythm guitar work as well , `` Supersonic '' was a great choice for a single . In actuality , all these songs could have been hot radio singles
 There are times I wish the quality of recording was better ; there are times I 'd like to scratch `` Shakermaker '' off the CD forever ; and now that I 've heard the songs live with the new band , I wish they 'd re-record the whole thing with Alan White on drums . Still , Definitely Maybe is one of the best debut records ever and loaded with driving , energetic rock and roll classics that will last for decades . I 'd also venture to comment that the critics who say the group is unoriginal have missed the critical difference between acknowledged influence and plagiarism ; the songs are quite original within the brilliant tradition of British melodic rock .
 NOEL RECENTLY ADMITTED THAT DEFINITELY MAYBE IS OASIS ' BEST ALBUM . I DO N'T THINK IT IS THEIR BEST , BUT IT IS V.GOOD . THIS ALBUM , THOUGH , HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE BEST DEBUT ALBUMS OF ALL TIME . ` LIVE FOREVER ' , ` SUPERSONIC ' AND ` SLIDE AWAY ' ARE OASIS CLASSICS . DEFINITELY MAYBE IS VERY RAW ... WHICH IS QUITE RARE FOR NOEL AND THE BOYS THESE DAYS . SIMPLE BUT EFFECTIVE .
 `` Definitely Maybe '' is simply definitely -LRB- no maybe -RRB- a great album ! The songs are good , and only the beginning to what will become the Oasis sound . Songs ranging from the loud and proud , `` Supersonic '' to the quaint ditty `` Digsby 's Dinner '' , to the infectious -LRB- and my personal favorite -RRB- `` Columbia '' . This is really a very good album , not even considering the fact that it 's a debut . It is not anything like the critics say
 Possibly the best album to come out of Britain in the 1990s , and definitely Oasis ' best work to date `` Definitely Maybe '' is admittedly brash and raw , but is as of yet the only album to even come near to showing Oasis ' true potential.The high points are the thumping opener , `` Rock 'n Roll Star '' , the tenderness of `` Slide Away '' , and the majestic anthem that is `` Live Forever '' , but the album is undeniably a classic in its entirety.If you like Oasis , buy it . -LRB- If you have n't already bought it . -RRB- If not , buy it anyway . It shows that there 's more to Oasis than limpid `` ballads '' and sub-standard Beatles rip-offs . Make no mistake , `` Definitely Maybe '' is the finest album Oasis have ever released .
 This is by far my best album . How great Morning Glory and Be Here Now might be , Definitly Maybe , is so wild , hard , and melodious that it strikes them out . You can really feel that Oasis wants to let it out in their debut . Even better , the album includes the best song Noel ever made , Live Forever . Also Slide Away sits high upon the throne . For those who love the oldies -LRB- Rolling Stones , The Beatles -RRB- should appriciate this album . Those who love Oasis ca n't miss this masterpiece .
 I did n't like Oasis , specially this album , due to the simplicity of their music . But then something changed and now I like them . It 's just like sex ; simple , repetitive , but great . This is the most obvious on their first offering . It just seems that they keep their music simple and they are proud of it and this is the way they get away with it , at least by my reckoning . They are not trying to be smartarses , they just play rock and a very good one on Definitely Maybe.Let 's begin with Live Forever . You say it sounds more like pop song ? Heh , listen to both solos , specially the second one . Is this rock or not ? Columbia ? Just two riffs over and over , but they make you feel alive . Supersonic , same story with addition of nice pick scrapes in the beggining . Bring It On Down , er , yeah , the same . And what is even better , all are great tunes . Noel is not exactly Steve Vai and even he admits that he hates his lead guitar playing because all the licks are the same . They are , but it really does n't matter . Just listen to the Slide Away intro.This is an album for rock fans , but do n't expect anykind of revelation . It 's just pure pleasure -LRB- remember , like sex -RRB- . If you are into pop alone , you 'll probably like only Live Forever and Married With Children . I could be wrong , but this is their most honest album and I regard it as their best . `` I need to be myself , I ca n't be no one else . '' Yeah , Liam , I hope you kept this in mind when working on your new album .
 When I first saw Oasis spit out Supersonic on The Word , my heart missed several beats - I thought they were the Stone Roses come back to haunt me . But while they may have borrowed their urchin chic from their Mancunian predecessors , their sound was more Stones than Roses . Liam 's stage persona may have borrowed heavily from Ian Brown , but emanated a different sort of cool - a sneering delivery and barely a shuffle of the feet which many have emulated but never to quite the same effect . Noel 's lyrics may often be poor imitations of nursery rhymes , but the feeling imparted to them by his brother , fused to the massive sound blasted out by the rest of the band -LRB- and really Bonehead is the driving force , surprising as it may seem , with his rhythm guitar belting out a shudderingly aggressive wall of sound -RRB- transcends the limitations of Noel 's lyric writing ability . That he can write a tune , however , is not in doubt . There are monsters on this album , from the T-Rex on steroids of Cigarettes and Alcohol , through the uplifting , anthemic Live Forever to the soaring , intense beauty of Slide Away . Definitely Maybe is a pearl , better than Morning Glory for it 's raw aggression , uncomplicated yet brilliantly infectious tunes and it 's sheer , unbridled lust for life . While hailing The Stone Roses as John the Baptists to Oasis ' messiahs is plain ridiculous -LRB- The Stone Roses were and always will be the better band -RRB- , Oasis took the blueprint left to them and mangled the face of the British music industry , shifting twenty million units in the process . That they never quite lived up to the potential shown on their debut is well known -LRB- how many band 's greatest achievement is their first these days ? -RRB- , but for giving us Definitely Maybe , one of the defining records of the decade , we should be truly thankful . Amen .
 This stunning album is up there with The Manics , The Stone Roses , Belle & Sebastian and Super Furry Animals as one of the 90 ` s greatest debuts . The albums 2 standout tracks are the thunderously brilliant Cigarettes & Alcohol and the beautiful Live Forever . In England Definitly Maybe and Whats The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- were the albums which defind a generation . If you were a teenager in the 90 ` s you will never forget this album .
 This debut from Oasis has pure energy the whole way through . Favs include Shakermaker and Live Forever . Awesome debut from one of the only listenable bands of the 90 's .
 A GREAT work , specially if you keep in mind that this was their first album . Includes songs that shall not be forgotten any time soon . Listen to it over and over again and you 'll still be wanting to listen to it one more time .
 Oasis is my all time favorite band and the reason would be this CD . `` Columbia '' is one of the best songs I have ever heard . The whole album is full of great melodies that you ca n't help but sing along to . There is n't one thing wrong with this album . Classic Oasis , the best of all three albums . If this CD had their live version of `` I Am the Walrus '' on it , I probably would never change CDs !
 This CD really rocks . It 's not as smooth and layered as What 's the Story Morning Glory , but it is full of great songs including Live Forever , Supersonic , & Slide Away to mention a few . One of the all-time bests in my book !
 The debut albun from the boys from Burnage , Manchester , England was the fastest selling debut album ever in British music history and it was no suprize when it went to No1 . The songs are fantastic with some great tunes that will last forever , with songs like `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' , `` Slide Away '' , `` Supersonic '' and `` Live Forever '' , they were the national anthems of '94 in England . This album totally blew all other musicians of the planet on release . A piece of art ! Chris Welch Vancouver , BC Canada END
 This is the first cd made by Oasis . My favorite songs from this cd include Supersonic , Live Forever , and Cigarettes and Alcohol . Buy it today ! The price at Amazon is AMAZING ! END
 I did n't get into Oasis until the latter part of the '90s , but I can readily imagine how revolutionary their debut sounded to British audiences when it first came out . Combining a pummeling guitar surge with the melodicism of the Beatles and the psychedelic sensibilities of the Stone Roses , `` Definitely Maybe '' still sounds like a world-beater . From Britpop touchstone `` Shakermaker '' to riff monster `` Supersonic '' to the melancholy yet anthemic `` Slide Away , '' every track is an era-defining classic . Simply put , this is one of the landmark British debut albums of all time .
 From the first time I heard Liam belt out `` Live Forever '' , I was hooked . This CD really ushered in britpop as we all know it , and defined the middle part of the last decade . Some five years on , it 's a CD that is standing up beautifully . Definitely Maybe is full of raw energy and punk attitude all the way through . Classic tracks like Live Forever , Slide Away , and Supersonic , are instantly catchy and powerful . I also really love the gem , `` Married With Children '' , -LRB- about the only soft song on the disc -RRB- . Like them or not , the Oasis boys really made one hell of a rock record . The disc is full of past styles and refences , not just the Beatles , but a bit of the Stones , T-Rex , and The Sex Pistols for good measure . This cd is Definitely one of the decade 's best . No if 's , and 's , or maybe 's .
 I was 19 when this album came out and this defined my generation . Columbia is the best song ever !!!!!!!
 Before this album ... music was seeming stale and without any kind of meaning -- music was going downhill since the musical revolution of The Beatles and The Rolling Stones ... Then came Oasis ... and it inspired a generation ... and I know I 'm not exaggerating ... and it 's a scary wonderful thing ... Their albums were all amazing ... though this one holds a special place being the first ... It was like the shy yet bold step out from behind the curtain ... and when gazing upon this new wonder ... many grabbed hold ... some were scared of it ... but only one thing is certain -- the music is amazing ... and no one has ever been able to say a thing negative about the music which is true ...
 The rebirth of British rock 'n roll in the 90 's . A classic album ; up there with Nirvana 's Nevermind , The La 's self-titled , The Stone Roses ' self-titled , Guns 'n Roses ' Appetite For Destruction , and The Smiths ' The Queen Is Dead.Noel Gallagher at the pinnacle of his songwriting ability.Must have for true rock 'n roll fans .
 In 1994 , Grunge rock had deteriorated from the fresh , brooding energy of Stone Temple Pilots and Nirvana to the contrived repetitions of Bush and Silverchair . The once mighty Pearl Jam -LRB- `` Ten , '' and `` Vs. '' -RRB- had evaporated artistically with Eddie Vedder 's recession into increasingly greater self-obsession and personal misery . The era was clearly in its final throes and rock fans were primed for something different . A record that spoke to the idea of rock as possibility and exuberance.Into this greasy world of longhaired suicide cases and pseudo-nihilism came Liam and Noel Gallagher with brash English smiles and swaggering Manchester impudence . `` Definitely Maybe '' is an album seemingly replete with one simple message - I wan na be a rock - ` n ' - roll star ! It is this mantra that makes the record , and indeed the band itself , so important in an era where mediocre substance too often supersedes rock 's spirit . `` Definitely Maybe '' brings us back to the days when lusty-eyed youths willed fame and fortune through guitar strings and makes us forget the languid , whining , shallow psychology that cried its way into so much of 90 's rock.While each song on the album stands on its own , it is the entirety of this effort that warrants notice . The message is clear
 In the UK , `` Definitely Maybe '' was the biggest selling debut album of all-time . Here in the US , the album was n't nearly as successful , but that does n't mean it is n't a great album . Quite the contrary , `` Definitely Maybe '' is the album that launched Oasis into superstardom . Though US fans are more familiar with their second album , '' -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' and its mega-hits `` Wonderwall '' and `` Champagne Supernova '' , `` Definitely Maybe '' is certainly worth a listen from anyone who liked `` Morning Glory '' even a little bit . The album 's most successful single , `` Live Forever '' , is a timeless classic . This song contains brilliantly uplifting lyrics , an very unique melody , and superb vocal performances by the brothers Gallagher . This song ranks among my favorite Oasis songs of all-time . Other standout tracks include `` Slide Away '' , a `` sort-of ballad '' containing outstanding lyrics and a blistering vocal performance from Liam Gallagher . This track has an incredibly catchy chorus , but the layers of electric guitars that enrapture it make it hard to call this song a traditional ballad . `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' is a full-on rock and roll track with a great melody and awesome guitar riffs . If you can get past the morally deplorable lyrics you 'll find this song to be the best rock song on the album . `` Rock and Roll Star '' is another great rock song on this album , and its lyrics are much more insightful than those of `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' . Though `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' is a catchier tune , `` Rock and Roll Star '' is clearly the winner in the lyrics department . It 's just classic Oasis rock and roll . `` Supersonic '' is one of the most unique songs on the album , as , like most of the songs on this album , it contains a very catchy chorus . It 's not really a full-on rock tune , but it 's not a slow ballad , either . Unfortunately , however , the lyrics are nothing more than complete gibberish , so do n't waste your time trying to find some `` hidden meaning '' in this song , ` cos it just is n't there . Still , this song is a treat to listen to . `` Digsy 's Dinner '' is one of those happy , uplifting Beatlesque tunes with comical lyrics and a catchy tune . It 's not hard rock by any means . `` Up In The Sky '' is also an uplifting tune that clearly `` borrows '' something from The Beatles . Again , the lyrics are mediocre but it 's still an enjoyable tune . The album 's final track , `` Married With Children '' , is a slow but enjoyable acoustic number with some very funny lines , such as `` I hate the way that you are so sarcastic , and you 're not very bright . '' This is the only acoustic number on the album , and it sounds nothing like the rest of the album , which has much more of an edge . The reason I do n't give this album 5 stars is that it contains a few tracks that are marginal at best . These include `` Shakermaker '' , `` Columbia '' , and `` Bring It On Down '' . `` Columbia '' and `` Bring It On Down '' are n't horrible , but they contain neither innovative lyrics nor memorable melodies . Both of these songs were early Oasis tracks , so clearly Noel Gallagher 's songwriting has improved as the album progressed . `` Shakermaker '' is a blatant rip-off of `` I 'd Like To Teach The World To Sing '' used in the old Coca-Cola commercials , and its lyrics are gibberish . This is by far the worst song on the album . I mean , come on , Noel ? If you 're going to rip off the music , at least write some decent lyrics to make up for it !!! I 'm completely baffled by the fact that this track was released as a single in the UK , while classics like `` Slide Away '' were never released . In any event , `` Definitely Maybe '' can best be described as `` Morning Glory '' with more of an edge . It 's not all hard rock , but it 's not filled with the mid-tempo , very melodic tracks that make up `` Morning Glory '' . Still , `` Definitely Maybe '' contains more than a fair amount of truly great songs , and is well worth a listen for any Oasis fan .
 Straight outta Manchester , England comes a breath of fresh air in Oasis . These guys pour their heart & sould into all their records , and Definitely Maybe stands out against the rest.Most people crown Morning Glory as the best Oasis album , but I got ta tell you , that they are wrong . Up in the Sky is the only track that I skip over , and this song would be a chart topper for other wan na be bands!The highlights on this album are Columbia & Supersonic and they happen to follow one another -LRB- track # 5 & # 6 respectively -RRB- on a solid debute album . It 's fitting that they lead off with Rock N ' Roll Star . It 's like the Gallagher brother 's knew they would hit stardom ! Shakermaker is a great 2nd track as it highlights their musical range!If you like Definitely Maybe , & I know you will , Be Here Now , Morning Glory , & the Masterplan are all excellent Oasis discs to add to your collection !
 Wow . 10 years is a long time . 10 long years it 's been since Definitely Maybe was released . This is an album that , for millions of people in the UK atleast , defined a generation.When this album came out i thought it was the most amazing thing i 'd heard . It got me into music , i stopped being embarrassed about liking a particular type of music ` just in-case ' it was n't popular.Fortunately for me , it just happened to be one of the most important bands to emerge from England for many a moon . Oasis led an assualt on the british music scene like no other band had done for years , catching the mood of a nation perfectly . It is fair to say that if you listened to this album for the first time in this day in age , you would probably notice it 's age . For me , this is it 's beauty . It encapusulates everything that the music scene in the mid 90 's needed.I can understand why the general American populace did n't embrace Oasis as the British public did . Too much arrogance and angst whilst touring would n't would n't encourage any new listeners . Trust me when i say that all the BS that surrounds the gallagher brothers feuding , fighting and bitching just clouds the fact that Oasis just do really good songs.I 've never given an album such a glowing report in my life , but when i really think of all the good times i 've had listening to this album , no album i know of deserves such praise.I hope i have n't rattled on for too long ... Buy It , an essential to anyone 's CD collection.Cheers !
 Almost made a two word review
 With this album Oasis made British rock n roll cool again . After the demise of fellow Mancs , The Stone Roses , the British rock scene grew stale . Definitely Maybe reignited it with cocksure arrogance accompanied with a pop friendly beat and rip roaring anthems . The working class had a band to answer `` student '' groups like Radiohead . Living in the `` black economy '' , Oasis gave the rest of the world a glimpse into their lives much like Gangsta Rap gave white America a glimpse of inner city life . Songs like `` Bring it on Down '' , `` Supersonic '' , and `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' spoke of a drug fueled existence . While `` Rock N Roll Star '' showed their self assured attitude . `` Live Forever '' is the stand out track and sums up the whole Brit Pop period so much so it was chosen as the title for a movie on the period . Noel Gallagher writes the songs but vocalist Liam Gallagher takes it and makes it his own , he could be the Ronald Reagan of 90 's music scene . One of the best rock albums of all time I highly recommend it for any serious music fan .
 well , this is the same as the UK version of definitely maybe apart from the fact that it has two extra tracks . the second is cloudburst which orginally appeared as a b-side to live forever . the first is sad song , a track currently only available on LP -LRB- bar this import -RRB- . this one song -LRB- a must-have -RRB- is worth the price tag alone ...
 How come nobody seems to know that Aldous Snow from `` Get Him To The Greek '' -LRB- & `` Sarah Marshall '' -RRB- is based on these swaggering , boozing , Brits ? Sure he 's a hybrid of all pompous 90s British rockers whose ambitions exceeded their audience 's patience ... but , uh , does that not primarily describe Oasis ? Radiohead took a much different trajectory , The Verve imploded right after their best album , Travis was a sweet little band of little cultural importance.As much as they were n't the second coming of the Beatles -LRB- because who ever could be ? -RRB- , Oasis was an incredibly good rock band . Do n't undermine their legacy just because a -RRB- they 're too popular or b -RRB- were bombastic or c -RRB- were n't art-house tacticians or d -RRB- produced albums of diminishing returns in their later years -LRB- but not that diminishing -- do n't judge those later albums just by the lukewarm singles they released . If you have time , check out '' -LRB- Get Off Your -RRB- High Horse Lady '' from Dig Out Your Soul and report back to me -RRB- . Play this album on a bar jukebox at around midnight with a good crowd in the 24-34 demographic who came of age with 90s rock and there will be literal cheers . In fact , they 'll raise their glasses to the sky . They 'll sing along . This is Oasis at its most fresh and bawdy and take-no-prisoners . I 'm making my kids listen to it as part of their rock education , that 's for surely .
 When Oasis first came to America I remember everyone saying that Oasis was the second coming of the Beatles . If this CD does n't explain why then you 've never listened to the Beatles . If you like the Beatles , and I love the Beatles , you 'll fall in love with this CD . It has all the sound of a great Beatles record .
 I first heard Oasis 's debut album when my brother played me a tape of `` Definitely Maybe '' one day in the fall of 1994 . I quite liked some of the songs on it and remember finding `` Live Forever '' vaguely familiar , probably because I must have heard it playing on the radio or something when it was released as a single , or maybe , retrospectively speaking , because it was so good I thought I must have already heard it somewhere before . However , I did n't really pay the album much mind until almost a year later when I was in the record section in the basement of a retail store and they played `` Definitely Maybe '' . I stayed in the record section to listen to the album and decided I would buy it.It was loud , it was exciting , it was the plug to fill the void in music that had been prevalent for too long , particularly in the early 90 's when music did n't really seem to know which way to go , except `` back '' perhaps . Hence , people like Sting , Annie Lennox , Brian May , Rod Stewart , Paul Weller , Freddie Mercury and Elton John all scored their first hits in years in the early 90 's . The fact these people were deservedly being taken note of again was no bad thing by any means , but I think it showed that people back then wanted some quality talent , some established popular heroes who were consistently reliable for making good songs . Suddenly though , here was music from a band that was new and really worth listening to , and they opened the floodgates for other guitar bands such as Blur , Pulp , Radiohead , Suede and Supergrass . There was a new , exciting feel to the music -LRB- which the British media in all their naivety tediously stuck under the same umbrella and called `` Britpop '' -RRB- . It was intelligent music with a social message but delivered by everyday working class people who were n't talking down to you or trying to be pretentious pop stars.The album gets off to a great start with the full-tilt rock of `` Rock ` n ' Roll Star '' . Powerful guitars drive the song with Liam 's unmistakable vocal delivery , singing like he really means it . And that 's the difference between Oasis and most bands of the last 20 years . They sing it and they play it because they really mean it , not just because they want you to think they mean it . `` Shaker Maker '' is a good , clever song with Beatles-esque imagery in its lyrics , and the song has been around for long enough now for me to forget any close association its melody might have with the New Seekers ' Coke song , `` I 'd Like To Teach The World To Sing '' . It 's not one of my favorite Oasis songs , but it showed this group were n't just an out-and-out rock band but instead could come up with clever melodies and lyrics for songs that had an air of wit and whimsicality to them as well , as they further demonstrated with `` Digsy 's Diner '' , `` Married With Children '' , `` She 's Electric '' and `` The Importance of Being Idle '' . This in more ways seemed to show their influence of the Beatles . `` Live Forever '' was the song that made people sit up and take notice a bit more , but who was to know back then whether or not this band were capable of achieving anything else as good , or even better . Remember , Oasis did n't come to the attention of the masses until '' -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' the following year . Noel even said if he thought anyone was going to take notice of the band in the way that they did he might have thought twice about ripping off T. Rex for `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' . Actually , the song 's riff borrowed from the T. Rex song `` Get It On '' was in fact ripped off by Marc Bolan and co. from an earlier Chuck Berry song anyway . `` Columbia '' is another standout track on this album with its infectious , relentless groove reminiscent of The Happy Mondays but played from a wall of sound that sounds like nobody but Oasis . `` Supersonic '' was the band 's first single and a good song but again not one of my favorites , although a band could do a lot worse than launch their music career with a song like that , and many have . It has great attitude , with the first line being `` I want to be myself . I ca n't be no-one else '' . Probably my least favorite song on the album is `` Bring It On Down '' , a snarling , boisterous song that leans towards punk and somehow just fails to hit the mark . `` Slide Away '' is still my favorite song from the album and one of my all-time favorite tracks . When Oasis released a DVD to mark the tenth anniversary of `` Definitely Maybe '' in 2004 , somebody on the DVD commented that the sign of a great album is when people talk highly of a track that was n't even released as a single , to which they were referring to `` Slide Away '' . I 'd have to agree with that . The song moves at just the right pace with a blend of wonderful melody , lyrics and chords and I particularly love the ad-lib section of the song from the end of the last chorus to the fade , complimented perfectly by Noel 's lead guitar work.So , overall a classic album that is held in very high esteem by me and the British music-buying public over a decade later , but is it the best debut album ever ? Definitely maybe .
 This is oasis 's debut album ... and it is their best , all the song 's seem to flow together very well.Rock N Roll star - this is the first track off D.M and it represents everything oasis is ... a great rocking opener.Shakemaker - This was going to be released as oasis 's first single . . and it is not hard to find out why . . its a fine example of noel gallagher 's nonsensical lyrics with a catchy tune.Live Forever - this might be a cliche but this is my favorite song on the album , there is just something so magical about it . . to the catchy melody , to one of noel gallaghers best solo 's . . played in the key of G. . it sounds very much like a undiscovered beatle 's tune.Up in the sky - this is a very good filler song about rebellion.Columbia - Another amazing song by oasis , it is a perfect example of shoegazing music , With the most absurd lyrics , catchy chorus and all the instruments unidentifiable from each other.Supersonic - One of the great rockers in this album , the guitar work in this is amazing , it is hard to believe a song could be this great with lyrics such as `` i know a girl called elsa , shes into alka seltzer , she sniff through her cane in her supersonic train '' . Bring it on down - another filler track , it fits well into the album -LRB- also the filler tracks on the album make it better in a sense -RRB- . Cigarettes and alcohol - The riff is the same as t-rexs `` get it on '' but for some reason you ca n't help but like this song . . Digsy 's dinner - Very laughable , great song with a insider 's joke if you care to read more about it.Slide away - Oasis 's first love song ... Liam really shines here in his singing ability , You ca n't help but sing along with the chorus , although noel 's acoustic version is very fine if you can find that -LRB- note that this is the only oasis album where noel does not sing any of the songs A-sides -RRB- Married with children - Not the way you would expect oasis to end this amazing album , a acoustic only , Minor key song , but the more listens you give it , the better it is , very under-rated . So all in all this is oasis , you either hate or love them , you either love Liam gallaghers sneering vocals or you do n't , you either love the draining production or you ca n't stand it , you either tolerate oasis 's cocky attitudes or you dont ... I personally love the album every bit it deserves .
 Just when you thought that British rock musis was in decline , then came Oasis , Blur , Suede , Pulp and a whole lot of other in the British Invasion 's second phase of the mid 90 's . Grunge and Alternative rock had been in the spotlight for a while during the early 90 's but the classic Brit-Pop was nowhere to be found , but thankfully bands like Oasis it was still alive and kicking and on the rise . Oasis was a mix of many influents , unmistakable Beatlesque melodies , Thugish attitudes like the Stones and energy like the Sex Pistols , it proves to be the perfect combination to become one of the most celebrated rock bands of the 90 's . In 1994 Oasis released the first single `` Supersonic '' that got great critical reviews and became a hit in UK , second single `` Shakemaker '' also became a hit and Oasis-mania had started . When third single `` Live Forever '' was released the hype surrounding them was undeniable , and the album `` Defenitely Maybe '' that still had n't been released hit # 1 at the Uk charts in August 1994 and became the fastest selling album in British music history and eventually sold 7 millions world wide . `` Live Forever '' became the most celebrated song of their debut album and a big hit aswell . `` Defenitely Maybe '' is a album of a band that are willing to whatever it takes to become rock stars , at a early start they set the level at # 1 and you can see that on many songs here like `` Rock n Roll Star '' , `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' and `` Live Forever '' . Their debut is much louder then latter albums , pure rock n roll with many great concert songs.It starts with the great `` Rock n Roll Star '' that is about the aim to become celebrated rock stars , it 's a noisy rock song with good riffs and chorus . I think many young guys can relate to this song , the dream to succeed with what you love to do , in real life . `` Shakemaker '' is yet another rock song that borrows from New Seekers `` I 'd Like to Teach the World to Sing '' . , the lyrics here are quite nonsensical but it 's a great rock song nonetheless . Meliodic Midtempo `` Live Forever '' was the band 's third single and the first song where the band was taken seriously as great songwriters . The songs is about old friendship that never dies `` Maybe you 're the same as me , We see things they 'll never see , You and I are gon na live forever '' . Once again something that most people can relate to . `` Up In the Sky '' is probably one of the less known song of this album . Another heavy rock song . `` Columbia '' is one of the older Oasis songs , it was already recorded at demo version before this album came out , but was re-recorded in a new version for `` Defenitely Maybe '' , it 's a great basic rock song about either the land Columbia ? or a Hotel with the same name that the band eventually wrecked and were banned for . `` Supersonic '' , the band 's first single is another classic rock song with great energy but rather vague lyrics , however it 's cathcy as hell with good rifs and chorus . `` Bring it Down '' is also a fast rocker , not so well known either . `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' borrows from T-Rex `` Get it On '' but it 's one of the best song of this album . The song is about cigarettes , alcohol , drugs and partying . The typical average working class life they had been doing before Oasis . `` Digsy 's Dinner '' is actually in slower pace then most songs here . It 's about a friend called Digsy that the band wants to invite home for dinner . Quite light-hearted but decent for the variation . It also feautures piano . `` Slide Away '' is beautiful and one of my all time favorites . It 's a love song about a person doing anything to get into a relationship with the one he loves . It was Oasis first lovesong and most vulnerable side so far . `` Maried With Children '' is the odd number here , accoustic almost sounding like MTV Unplugged . I suppuse it 's about the typical average family life.Overall , a 90 's classic . In My oppinion , one of the best debuts of the 90 's . Oasis came from nowhere and almost initially rose to stardome and became one of tne most celebrated 90 's groups . the title `` Defenitely Maybe '' reffers to a optimistic view success , almost like `` Never Say Never '' . The song `` Whatever '' unfortuntaely does n't appear here , it was released in the end of 1994 and is not part of any album , but as good as `` Defenitely Maybe '' is , it sound more like a best of album then just a regular studio album . 5 stars .
 Definitely Maybe ranks alongside Sgt. Pepper -LRB- concept -RRB- , Murmur -LRB- College radio / alternative -RRB- , Nevermind -LRB- grunge -RRB- , Too Far to Care -LRB- alt country -RRB- as truly seminal works of rock and roll . This album single handedly resurrected Brit-pop and stimulated interest in a genre that was in dire need of a jolt of energy.In terms of debut , almost nothing compares to the end to end brilliance of Definitely Maybe . Amazing lyrics , otherworldly guitar by Noel , and the best chops in rock by Liam , culimating with the incredible `` Slide Away '' . If you only own 10 CD 's , this is a must .
 Whatever anybody has to say about this band there is no denying that this album is massive . It is amazing , start to finish . It kicked a hole in the music scene in the mid 90 's and still sounds fantastic today .
 This is the best album from Oasis and what a hot first album it is . Not too many bands have earned this kind of debut other than the current release from Flannelmouth called `` Rain Inside '' . Both are raw , stylish and tend to ignite a great sense of coolness . In any case , the killer tracks in my opinion are `` Live Forever '' and `` Supersonic '' . They are going to tour with Kasabian soon and wow , add Flannelmouth to the agenda and were all in heaven at least for one night . This album is for Oasis collectors .
 Definitely Maybe , Oasis debut album , was a huge hit upon release in ' 94 . At least over seas that is . The band 's cocky attitude , and pessimistic sneers coupled with their penchant for swaggering and poppy rock songs brought to mind the Sex Pistols clashing with the Beatles , it definitely struck a chord with Britian 's youth . The album sold millions and propelled Oasis to superstar heights . Every song on this album however seems blatantly ripped off from other British bands , be it the British Invasion era -LRB- Beatles , Stones , Who -RRB- or the glam rockers -LRB- T-Rex , Bowie -RRB- that came after . But rock 'n' roll is all about stealing and reproducing , every band has either knowingly or unknowingly ripped off another band at some point in their career so not many stones can aptly be cast at Oasis for their counterfit cuts . The record starts off on the right foot with `` Rock 'N' Roll Star '' which is exactly what Oasis aspired to be . `` Live Forever '' is a nice little ballad-esque song . The real gem here is `` Supersonic '' a song overflowing with sheer confidence and cocaine induced machoism . `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' is another prime cut further reinforcing Oasis 's interest in drugs and alcohol . `` Married with Children '' is a great closer , a humorous acoustic number with a lot of charm . Anyways if you like British bands and would like to check out one of the greatest groups of the genre this is a good place to start .
 Definitley -LRB- not maybe -RRB- the best debut album of all time.Some may say `` awwwwwwwwww , its appeatite for destruction by guns n roses -RRB- Slash is a better guitarist and Axel may be more of an outrageous singer , but that album does ` nt have songs that are as amazing as `` Live Forever '' and as cool as `` Supersonic '' , `` Columbia '' or `` Cigaretted and Alcoholed '' . Live Forever probably being the best song of all time to date - I 'm not kidding !
 Yep , there 's nothing more to say.Except this . Noel Gallagher is one of the most underrated lead-guitarists ever . All the solos on this CD are just amazing .
 i 've had it for years and it rarely leaves my side . If I were placed on a desert island and had to pick a few CD 's to be left with , this would be the first . The definition of a rock album .
 The turn of the year 2004 has been a most difficult one for me upon realizing that a full decade has now passed since the release of Oasis ' `` Definitely Maybe '' , an album that literally grabbed me with a chokehold and would n't let go until two albums later when the band seemed to show that they were mortals . Highly talented ones , but mortals nonetheless , capable of a daft song here and there.The lesson of Oasis ' career is that the brilliance of their early recordings was largely fueled by youth . And nowhere were they younger than on `` Definitely Maybe '' , naturally . From the general insouciance of `` Rock and Roll Star '' and guitar fury of `` Supersonic '' to the youthful pining of `` Slide Away '' , this album showcases the brilliance of the young Oasis - in Noel 's not-yet-recycled riffs and Liam 's not-yet-fully-sneering voice - and ten years on , it still sounds vital , the hallmark of any enduring rock album . It also , amazingly , seems remarkably innocent despite the obvious thefts from T Rex on `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' and the Seekers on `` Shakermaker '' . This is the sound of the death of grunge music , and what a glorious sound that is . This album made me believe in rock and roll again . `` Definitely Maybe '' is a keeper , and has officially survived the test of time , even though it brings about a bit of melancholy realizing Oasis will never be so young again . What I would n't do to recreate the feeling of hearing `` Live Forever '' for the first time .
 The Bealtes were the band of the 60s and Oasis is the band of the 90s and into today . This cd is the most selling cd in UK history and after giving it one listen you 'll know why . Like every other cd , this one is great . The first song Rock n Roll Star shows us why they are so great right from the beginning . if it was not for this cd i would n't know of oasis because american music has sucked for th emost part since the late 90s . Live Forever and the silent classic Slide Away are 2 reasons why you should buy this cd and the rest of theirs
 Oasis emerged out of the woodwork in a sudden moment in mid-1994 to become one of the most remarkable rock bands in recent memory.It was this album , Definitely Maybe , that started Oasis-mania ; or in graver terms , the new britpop invasion of the world.Definitely Maybe is definitely a classic . Noel Gallagher , the band 's lead guitarist and songwriter , gives out one classic song after another . Whether it 's the cool rock phenomena of Supersonic and Live Forever , the best composition Noel has written over the past 10 years . Fan favorites Columbia , Rock 'N Roll Star , Shakermaker , and Slide Away all have equal power to blow you away . The roof raising Up In The Sky is yet another example of Noel 's writing genius . The low key but very blunt and funny Married With Children is the album closer leaving the listener with a nice tune to bid farewell to this rock epic before pressing the play button again!Liam Gallagher , Noel 's younger brother who also happens to be the band 's vocalist frontman , is probably one of the best rock vocalists of the past twenty years . His voice shines on tracks like Slide Away , Live Forever , and Married With Children.Today , Oasis are still a force to be reckoned with in the british charts , but elsewhere , their magnifying glory has either washed away or stumbled a bit . There 's always Definitely Maybe and the follow up What 's The Story Morning Glory to remind people that these guys are n't just some one hit wonders . They are in fact , in the Gallaghers ' words , `` the best band in the world `` RecommendedA
 Definitely Maybe introduced the world to Oasis . Upon its release , the band became huge in their native Britain . Although the album fared well in America , it would be their next album -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory that would make them superstars here . However , Definitely Maybe is their best work and their most consistent album . Yes , some of their riffs are definitely borrowed from other artists . But it 's easy to forget this when their songs are so catchy and irresistible.Every track here is a winner and the loud , noisy production only adds to the proceedings . `` Rock N ' Roll Star '' starts the album out with a bang , one of the better opening album tracks of recent memory . The tracks `` Shakermaker '' , `` Up In The Sky '' , `` Digsy 's Diner '' , and especially `` Live Forever '' all have great hooks and memorable melodies that stay in your head long after you 've heard them . The hard driving `` Bring It On Down '' , the T-Rex soundalike `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' , and the dirty groove of `` Supersonic '' sound like they were made for the concert stage . Other strong tracks here include the mid-tempo rockers `` Columbia '' and `` Slide Away '' , and the acoustic closer `` Married With Children '' which sounds reminiscent of the Beatles ' mid-60 's work . If you like great rock n'roll with attitude , you 'll enjoy this .
 I bought Morning Glory on the day it came out . I loved it . I bought Definitely Maybe . I loved it even more . Let me tell you that this album is addictive and has some of the best guitar work I have ever heard . A lot of the songs will get you humming or whistling and will get you up if you 're down . This is a must have album !! Buy it . Right now !
 Up until 1994 , mainstream music in Britain consisted of manufactured boybands and forgettable dance songs . Oasis changed all that when they released their debut album `` Definitely , Maybe . '' The critics grabbed Oasis with both hands and they were soon the most significant and popular British rock band since the Beatles . Definitely Maybe is n't my favourite Oasis album , but it 's probably my second . '' -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' is easily Oasis ' finest hour , but we owe a lot to Definitely Maybe because it 's the album that made Liam and Noel the icons they are today ! Definitely Maybe soon became one of the fastest selling albums in the UK of all time . Fuelled by critical praise and fantastic songs , they ripped the charts apart . It was just what Britain needed . The 1990 's was my favourite decade for a number of reasons . Oasis are definitely one of them - maybe the main reason . `` Rock 'N' Roll Star '' opens the album spectacularly . With hard drums and loud guitars , this represents everything that Oasis are about . It 's the first song on the first Oasis album , and it 's where it all began . Sit back and soak up the nostalgia . `` Shakermaker '' was Oasis ' second single and charted at No. 11 in the UK in July 1994 . Guitars and drums roll around the arrangement perfectly here , clapping adds rhythm and Liam 's vocals are so zesty and full of life . `` Live Forever '' was the best single to be released in 1994 , easily . The classic guitar solo , the high vocals , the memorable chorus , the lyrics , the simple yet effective video . It 's everything you could ever want from Britain 's top band . `` Up In The Sky '' maintains the album 's upbeat tempo and live-life-to-the-full statement . This was the song to listen to in your car in the summer of 1994 , booming it out from the speakers , driving like a loony ! Absolutely fantastic ! `` Columbia '' is a monster rock anthem that begins wonderfully driving its force into the brains of everyone it encounters , forever etching the guitars on their memories . The singing is kept to a minimum , focusing on wonderful brash guitars and `` Yeah ! Yeah ! Yeah ! '' screams towards the end . `` Supersonic '' was Oasis ' first-ever single in the UK and peaked at No. 31 in April 1994 . A catchy guitar starts off the song before the song rocks out with `` I need to be myself ! I can be no one else ! '' The lyrics are just awesome and the chorus is just so full of energy and an attitude that represented Britain in the decade . `` Bring It On Down '' starts wonderfully like someone running in a race , and soon fires up to became yet another rock anthem . It 's not really one of my favourites , however . `` Cigarettes And Alcohol '' has some rather poor lyrical content , but if you can get past this and focus on the brilliant guitar riffs then you might see it in a totally different light as one of the best songs on the album . `` Digsy 's Dinner '' is the most uplifting and happy song on the album . It uses Beatlesque styles in both its lyrics and the melodies . It 's a good song , plain and simple . It 's not hard rock by any means . `` Slide Away '' runs for almost six and a half minutes and is pure Gallagher excellence . The lyrics are good , and they have a certain catchiness to them that makes this a particular standout . The album closes with the fantastic `` Married With Children . '' It 's a wonderful acoustic song with some rather comical lyrics . The acoustic style of the song makes it totally different to everything else on the album , and separates it from the razor-sharp edge of the other ten tracks.I heard some people moaning about how the songs from this album did rather poorly in the UK charts , but you only have to look at how many times they re-entered the charts over the course of almost three years
 This album represents the start of the best rock band of the 90 's .
 When I bought this CD , I was having a bad day . The weather was gloomy and grey , and I was bored . I had some time to kill , so I went and sat by the river with my walkman , and listened to this album for the first time . Suddenly , the sun came out , and listening to the music made me feel alright again . Very few albums have that effect on my the very first time I listen to them . I never thought it would be possible , but this is better than `` Morning glory '' . Go buy it .
 Only a few times in one 's life does an album appear that is `` genius '' . Oasis put there name on the map or Rock n'Roll gods with this realse dated from 1994 . Every song on the album has top 10 single potential . Must listen tracks on this album are `` Live Forever '' `` Supersonic '' and `` Slide Away '' . What 's pleasing about this record is that it is raw and captures a band in a live like sound . Liam Gallagher 's voice never sounded so pure and brother Noel 's guitar elements make this a must have in anybody 's record collection
 The year was 1994 . I was in the 7th grade and was just getting into the whole music scene . Sadly , Kurt Cobain died and so did most of alternative rock . Then came the boys from Manchester with their cocky swagger and their confident rock 'n roll . Most people in the States remember Oasis for their multi-platinum albulm , `` What 's the Story ? Morning Glory ? '' , but `` Definitely Maybe '' tops that albulm in my book . If you love pure , catchy rock 'n roll and are just tired of that manufactured Pop music that 's out there , you should definitely get this CD . Songs like SUPERSONIC , LIVE FOREVER , SLIDE AWAY , and ROCK 'N ROLL STAR are the epitimey of the mid-90 's
 Noel Gallagher has called `` Definitely Maybe '' the best debut album of ALL TIME . Pretty bold for him to say , obviously , but he 's not that far off.This album is a classic in every sense of the word . Every song is great , from `` Rock 'n Roll Star '' , one of best openers I 've ever heard , to the incredibly beautiful `` Slide Away '' . Definitely -LRB- there 's that word again ! -RRB- buy this album . I 'd give it 10 stars if they 'd let me .
 There was a band called Oasis , and they released a CD called `` definitly maybe '' and they changed the world and ... . by far and away , Columbia is the best song ever from Oasis , just second by Gas Panic -LRB- from their newer 2000 ablum -RRB-
 Seeing as how I 'm going to be 44 in November , you may want to take all that follows with a grain of salt . Repeat to yourself `` Respect your elders '' whilst I proclaim this the best album to come out of Britain in the 1990 's . Calling up the ghosts of T. Rex , Slade , Mott The Hoople , and , in Liam Gallagher 's sneer , the Sex Pistols , the Gallaghers created one for the ages here , Bucko , and on their first release no less ! Alas , while their subsequent albums have never quite equalled the bombast on exhibit here -LRB- how could they ? -RRB- , Liam and Noel trudge onward , their twisted genius burning bright . `` Rock 'N' Roll Star '' is the best song they 've ever recorded , a staggering , strutting , power chording chip on the shoulder . Okay kids , excuse me . It 's now time for my nap ...
 This album is an excellent start for the british band . It has a very young feel to it , and of all their albums , it is the album which is most heavy . The best songs are `` Live Forever '' and `` Slide Away '' - very catchy and beautiful . `` Married with Children '' also has a soft , yet sardonic edge , and the rest of the songs are pure Oasis rock .
 People are always like oh I dont want to listen to Oasis because theyre too commercial.Then they flip this on and realize what a beautiful cd it is.The perfect combination of punkishness but with a wit , melody and insight that make them a favorite with critics of the album .
 remember what it was like when it all just began ?? if you wasnt in england when this album came out you probably will never understand what this band really meant and really did.now they seem to be dead and gone its time this album saw the light of day again.its funny how things seem different the morning after isnt it ??? lets not forget .
 the first one sometimes became the best one . If you must choose 5 bands from 90 ' of Brit-music , Oasis must be in the list , but not as the best band , they can be the second best while THE VERVE stand on the top of all . Columbia is the best song forever Oasis had made , i really believe this song and its guitar chords have the power to bring us to the other side of the time-tunel . If you love this album , why do n't you try the best album of 90 ' , A storm in the heaven of The Verve ?
 This is definitely the best album Oasis has ever come out with . It 's raw , not as raw as some of the demos-Colour My Love , Take Me , Must be the Music , but it is them at their rawest on an album . And that 's what we all love best about Oasis . It is not as clean as What 's the Story Morning Glory , perhaps their biggest saler to date , but it has its moments . It starts off with Rock 'n Roll Star , which makes one feel as if it is possible to do anything . Afterwards , Shakermaker takes the stage . It is not the best song they 've ever done , but if you 've ever heard the Coca Cola song from the 70s , `` I 'd like to Teach the World to Sing '' -LRB- which Oasis almost got sued for stealing , they practically stole the lyrics along with it -RRB- , you 'll feel yourself moving . Third is Live Forever . A masterpiece . It may seem wonderful on the cd , but if you were to see Oasis in a live setting , you would be able to see how it unites everyone . This is definitely their arena song , able to bring anyone in sight together . Other wonderful songs on the album include Columbia -LRB- which always makes me think of the beaches in California for some odd reason -RRB- , Digsy 's Dinner -LRB- Some grammatical mistake occured while coming up with the cds , that is why the error is on them -RRB- , Married with Children , Cigarettes & Alcohol , etc , . The whole album is worth it .
 I thought this was a great CD . It was by far the best one by Oasis . All of the songs on it were good , but the best ones were Rock 'n' Roll Star , Live Forever , Supersonic , and Digsy 's Diner . I would recomend this cd to anyone , and it is a must have for Oasis fans .
 This album is one of the better rock albums of the 90s . It is tied with Morning Glory for their best album in my book . There are just so many standout songs you will rarely skip tracks . The album starts out rockin ' with the pub rocker Rock 'n Roll Star , a song with a infectious chorus and nice guitar work . It is followed by the insanely catchy pop-rock Shakermaker . Next is one of the most overrated songs on the album , the epic Live Forever , not that is is n't a beautiful song that , in the tradition of this album , insanely catchy its just that some people think this is the best song of all-time . No way . Next is the soaring Up In the Sky which could have easily been a radio smash . Then , there is the most underated song on the album , Columbia , with its nice hook and weird sound experiments . Next the infectious hit Supersonic which has more clever rhymes in it than most rap artists nowadays . The pace is immeadiately jacked up with the fastest , heaviest song on the album Bring It On Down which is followed by one of the highlights of this album , the youth anthem Cigarettes and Alcohol . Then there is the only weak song on the album Digsy 's Diner . Next is THE album highlight the epic ballad Slide Away , the song Live Forever wishes it was . Finally the dry humor of the only acoustic number Married With Children just puts this album over the top . A album that is recommended for everyone .
 Although I am a little late on this review , I must say that this is by far the best Oasis album put out to this day . They say that it 's hard to top the previous album , and that 's true , but what other band has been able to accomplish that ? Not many -- and as far as I 'm concerned Oasis will be my favorite band until I croak -- so here 's my advice
 How is it that a band creates an album like this on their first try ?? It 's mindboggling to me as I am sure it is to others who love Oasis . This album is classic rock and roll . Thats not something you can say alot these days of radio friendly rap and candycoated boy bands . Its the kind of album from top to bottom that puts a hop in your step and has you humming all day long . The most amazing thing about this band is that I have yet to hear a bad song . Noel has a gift and with Liam 's vocals its a deadly combination . Live forever , Supersonic , Columbia , Up in the sky , Slide away , I mean the list goes on and on , brilliant is an understatment . This band is what all else wish to be but fail in their efforts . Someone let me know when they find a more arrogant , brash , extremely talented rock and roll band . I got a feeling I wont be hearing from anyone anytime soon .
 Oasis is one of the few bands that captures the essence of the '60s while maintaining their own style . This is what sets them apart from others that do n't quite make it . Noel writes some of the greatest lyrics around , and Liam sings them in a fashion that grips the listener and makes 'em want more . The band is that good .
 Absolutely no weaknesses . In the top-10 Oasis tracks to date , I 'd put four right up there , including `` Live Forever , '' `` Slide Away , '' `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' and `` Supersonic . '' I bought this album after `` What 's the Story '' and found myself digging this one more than the second.After they break up , which is probably inevitable , Noel will go on to a brilliant solo career . He will continue writing gems , and people will point to these songs as the first in a long line of hits . Definately the best .
 The songs are not even remotely Beatlesque , however , they stand on their own terms . Supersonic is sheer Rock , n Roll class , and Live Forever will stand the test of time.Yes they are naive and arrogant , but what young guys wouldnt be in their shoes for gods sake .
 If you want to get your adrenaline pumping , if you want to philosophize about life wihout being corny and pretentious , if you want to celebrate life instead of whining to ` complaint-rock ' , if you just want to glory in your being great , and lastly if you have a working brain , you 'll love this album . Liam 's voice , sometimes sneering , sometimes soothing , is just amazing on such sure classics as ` cigarettes and alcohol , ' live forever and bring it on down . The guitars and overall music backing up his voice ensure that this album will stick to your cd-player
 I must confess I got it at the third time I 've heard the album . I bought it second hand from a friend after my kids reccomended it to me . I 'm a sixties & seventies rock fan and found this album blissful.The whole album is great but `` Live Forever '' makes me wet my always dry eyes , its structure and Noel 's soloing are great . `` Supersonic '' is so rocking , `` Digsy 's Dinner '' is a Beatlesesque fine tune . `` Slide Away '' has great guitar playing and finally `` Married with Children '' uses a blend of wise song structure , accoustic strumming and nice lyrics . Besides all , Liam 's singing have this Pistol 's reminiscences that flows perfectly with the rhythm and melody of each tune . Great . I strongly reccomend it for those fans interested just in the music itself , outstanding guitar playing loaded with feedbacks and fabulous singing with a spicey english accent . Nevermind the guys poses . Ah ! about those farts and jerks complaining ` bout this brit guys attitude and arrogance , So what ? I remember ' 50 's to 70 's reactionaries -LRB- Thatcher-like -RRB- used to complain for the fab four and the stones and the devilish rock 'n roll . I enjoy this guys being such a pain in somebody else 's ass . C'mon thou shalt blow thy speakers . Cheers .
 True sound of inner-city England , and I 'm a UK city dweller . I ca n't help but think that this album was oasis ' peek . If want to hear them at their best , listen to this album . Supersonic is without doubt the coolest tuna-mayo on the CD .
 I 'm a huge fan of Oasis , and I have to say that this album is the best one . It 's a classic . One of the most entertaining songs on the CD , in my opinion , is `` Digsy 's Dinner . ''
 Defintley Maybe is not like any rock album I 've ever heard . Liam 's vocals are the kind that linger in your head for a long time . `` Rock N ' Roll Star '' and `` Married With Children '' are the best songs on it if you ask me . `` Supersonic '' is also a good song . Defintley maybe sounds like someone took the talent of Jimmy Page , Elton John , The Beatles , mixed it all together in a big pot , then molded it into a CD . Yes , this CD is THAT good .
 Definitely Maybe is my favourite album by the five lads from Manchester . Noel 's superb songwriting skills show in `` Live Forever '' possibly the best oasis song of all time . There are other great songs like `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' which is just good , solid rock and roll , `` Columbia '' which has sort of a distant feel , and `` Shakermaker '' making great use of 12-bar blues . For those music fans out there who judge Oasis by `` Wonderwall '' and `` Do n't Look Back in Anger '' , try `` Definitely MAybe '' and you 'll be pleasantly surprised .
 Oasis 's first Cd , Definitely Maybe , is very upbeat and is filled with a lot of good tracks . Supersonic is easily the best song on the Cd , and possibly their best song ever . The other songs are all great , and other highlights include Live Forever , Bring it on Down , and Slide Away . This is a very good cd and all Oasis fans should have it .
 Their first of the five and how incredible , a certain feel good factor about this one.This album is arguably the second best album the two contraversial brothers have produced . I have yet to listen to a better song than Cigarettes and Alcohol ! I remember the first time I heard it I didnt much like it , but like all the Oasis albums a second and thorough listen to it and you will fall in love with it straight away ! I did . The lyrics are easy to pick up and its only then you realise the true genius of them . If only I could go back and listen to them for the first time . For any Paul Weller or Beatles fan it is a must if you havent already got it . Tips
 Oasis ' debut album and heralded the invasion of `` Brit-pop '' in the U.S , though the rowdy boys were much more than simple pop.They combined the songwriting of the Beatles and the swagger and arrogance of the Sex Pistols.Many insults have been thrown at the band for ripping off the Beatles but that is so far off base it 's laughable . Other then their admitted admiration of the band -LRB- and a few references in their lyrics -RRB- there are no other comparisons.With the all knowing `` Rock 'n' Roll Star '' , Liam sings as if he could predict the future . He was dead on as Oasis eventually became one of the biggest bands of the 90 's . My favorite happens to be `` Columbia '' with it 's infectious groove and catchy chorus -LRB- of which Noel was particularly good at -RRB- `` I ca n't tell you the way I feel because the way I feel is oh so new to me . '' That 's how I felt when I first heard the track . The live version is faster paced.However the songwriting gem is probably `` Live Forever '' . I always took it as Noel talking to an idol of his -LRB- maybe John Lennon -RRB- and what he 'd always wanted to say to him and now that he had become famous as well , `` You and I are gon na Live Forever . '' One of the few guitar solos in a rock song that make me a bit sad . A great tribute song ... for whomever . `` Bring It On Down '' stands as Noel 's take on the class war -LRB- upper vs lower that is . -RRB- You could almost take it as an anthem FOR the working class people , `` You 're the outcasts , you 're the underclass but you do n't care ` cuz you 're living fast ! '' It reminds me of Queen 's `` Sheer Heart Attack '' with it 's deafening rhythm section and punk leanings.The one song off here that I always liked better as an acoustic track is `` Slide Away '' , it 's lyrics are too romantic and heartfelt to be played alongside a backing rock track . `` Now that you 're mine , we 'll find a way of chasing the sun . Let me be the one who shines with you and we can slide away . '' * sigh * Some of the lyrics are of the throw away variety but Noel has always said that he concentrated more on the music.An extremely strong debut and amazingly out do themselves with their follow up , one of the best albums of the past decade ...
 I own hundreds and hundreds of LP 's and about 100 CD 's . I have been listening to music since the late 60 's . And this DEFINITELY is my favourite 45 minutes of music . 10 absolute classics -LRB- forget track 11 -RRB- . God , what an album . Full of pomposity , arrogance , crunching guitars and the Gallaghers . What more could you ask for ? But how could they have gone so wrong with the last two albums ? Just get this before anything else , then MG ... that 's all the Oasis you will ever need .
 Oasis guitarist and part-time singer Noel Gallagher once claimed that everything he needed to say via his lyrics came forth on the rousing opener from this CD , `` Rock ` n ' Roll Star . '' And while Noel 's horizons have likely expanded greatly since that time , and Oasis ' music would eventually become more complex , it 's hard to argue the guy 's original logic . `` Rock ` n ' Roll Star '' summed up this band 's sound , aura and outlook perfectly
 `` Definitely Maybe '' is truly the best rock debut album of all-time , no doubt about it . Oasis ' massive guitars and Liam Gallagher 's voice blend so nicely together to form a classic rock composition . `` Rock N Roll Star '' is the perfect opening track for a debut album , as Oasis tells the listener just what is going to happen in the future . `` Shakermaker '' is definitely a great tune , while `` Live Forever '' is one of Oasis ' all-time best tracks , beautifully written by Noel . Although lyrically simple , `` Columbia '' is awesome just because of its massive guitars , it just goes on and on . `` Supersonic '' is classic Oasis , although I like it better live . `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' is a true rock anthem , while `` Slide Away '' is another Noel written masterpiece . All in all , this Cd also belongs in any rock fans collection , along with the rest of Oasis ' catalogue .
 Oasis desde el principio dejo claro algo
 My first taste of Oasis was the Morning glory album which I loved very much . I was the greatest album I had ever heard . Up until then every album I owned seemed to have at least one bad song in it but not this one . However I was even more suprised when I bought this one . I could n't believe how good it is . From the powerful opening of rock and roll star right through to married with children an amazing amount of energy flows through this album . Its got the raw energy of the sex pistols with the brilliant song writing of the beatles-the perfect combination . The only thing I ca n't understand is why only 8 million people bought this album . It should be 100 million .
 Definitly Maybe , the first full cd of Oasis . Although it most certainly is a good one , it is by far not the best . Definitly Maybe has more of a harder feel to it than the other cd 's . A good cd to get if you love Oasis , but not a great choice if this is your first album by them . Their new cd SOTSOG has a lot of songs with a Defintily Maybe feel to it . A good cd , but not their best .
 Debut albums are always the best ones . Most bands tend to put all of their passion and love for music in their first work . Maybe it 's because they are not yet known so they do n't know what to excpect from the future . Oasis are a living example of the above . Their first offering , seven years after it 's release still sounds extremelly fresh and powerfull . That 's not to say that today they are n't a talented gang but they seem more interested in gaining back their old status and glamour than to express themselfs artistically . Definetely Maybe was a truly stunning rock record . It had guts in the lyrics , personallity in the sound and a tricky but fascinating voice , really different from everything else we heard before . '' Live Forever '' is one of these rare , uplifting songs that rock bands have a hard time releasing today . Same goes for '' Supersonic '' where Liam provides vibrations of confidence to all of his listeners by simply being a bud who '' ... needs to be himself '' . My favourite track though is '' Married with children '' . It includes some deliciously cynical lyrics singed with a cool style which makes you wish you could be as direct with people in your real life as well . Even if Oasis never get to be at the top of the charts again I 'm glad they had the chance to be famous around the world , even for a while . Otherwise how would i have discovered this great album ?
 This album , I believe is the best by Oasis . It is raw and more `` down to earth '' in the way it details the plights of the young ` everyman ' . I was n't an Oasis fan before I heard this , but after hearing it I realized they were the group that wrote and sang some of the songs I loved in 94 , and still do now . `` Live Forever '' is probably one of the best songs I 've ever heard ; it 's got everything . Other fantastic tracks are `` Shakermaker '' , which is a bit less cutting , but great , and `` Supersonic '' , which right from the opening line -LRB- `` I need to be myself '' -RRB- , shows its full of youth discontent and arrogance . These are the stand-outs , yet there are other great songs like , `` Slide Away '' , and the sort of ballad by Noel `` Married With Children '' , `` Rock and Roll Star '' , and `` Cigarrettes and Alcohol '' are superb . There truly is not a bad track on the album . This is the best Oasis album , with `` What the Story ... '' getting more of the press , but this one is true Oasis . Their arrogance and energy are truly apparent with this one . I definitely recommend it .
 this is BY FAR THE BEST OASIS ALBUM !!! Besides 2 or 3 songs , all the tracks are the most inspired melodies noel created ... SUPERSONIC , LIVE FOREVER , COLUMBIA and BRING IT ON DOWN are the best oasis done ... Sadly , after the next album what 's the story they got a giant EGO TRIP that takes the band level down until the end ...
 It seems like very ten years or so some band leads the charge from Britain.In '77 it was the Sex Pistols . In '85 it was the Stone Roses . In '94 it was Oasis.The sound will blow your socks off . This band had the swagger and the chops . They not only could fire off a sonic assault -LRB- `` Bring It On Down '' -RRB- but also knew how to tone it all down -LRB- `` Live Forever '' -RRB- . An amazing piece of work and you have to love the Rodney Marsh pic by the fireplace on the cover . Look closely along the window sill as you 'll also see the other coin of that Manchester Swingin ' '60s soccer culture -- George Best of rivals Manchester United -- as guitarist Paul `` Bonehead '' Arthurs is a United supporter . -LRB- The weird thing is although Marsh was a supremely talented soccer player , when Man City picked him up during March of the 1971/72 season City 's title hopes got derailed as he just did not get in sync with the squad . So I 'd say that was an odd choice as no right-minded City supporter would go with Marsh as their `` hero '' over , say , Colin Bell , Mike Summerbee or Francis Lee of that 1970s side . Now if they were Tampa Bay Rowdies ' fans , I could see having a pic of Rodney . -RRB- Back to the subject at hand -- if you buy one Oasis record , get this and you will not be disappointed unlike their latter albums .
 Amid all of the technotronic and electronica sounds that coveted the airwaves and were apparent with many bands that came out during the 1990s that fell within the so-called British Manchester Sound , a record comes out that shows that guitars and a good backbeat as well as the tambourine was still relevant in songs . Oasis ' 1994 debut , Definitely Maybe , spawned two mesmerizing and anthem-like hit singles , `` Live Forever '' and `` Supersonic , '' that emulated a Beatlesque quality . However , founder and songwriter of the band , Noel Gallagher -LRB- lead guitar and vocals -RRB- and brother Liam -LRB- vocals -RRB- and fellow cohorts , Paul Arthurs -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , Paul McGuigan -LRB- bass guitar -RRB- and Tony McCarroll -LRB- drums -RRB- , produced a record with Mark Coyle that embraced the musical influence of the Fab Four along with their own distinct sound.The opening track `` Rock ` n ' Roll Star '' says it all to what direction the band would take with this album and subsequent releases . All the songs have that rock and roll and psychedelia attitude from `` Shakermaker '' to the concluding track , `` Married With Children . '' But the highlight of the album is indeed `` Live Forever . `` With echoes of The Beatles chanting throughout the record , Oasis does a fine job at not completely mimicking their sound . This is a record that fans of Oasis may want to add to their collection if they have not already .
 The last reviewer said that this stood alongside Sgt. Pepper and Nevermind as a seminal piece of rock . Now , I love Oasis , but no matter how much they tried , the guys never stood toe to toe with the Beatles in any category ; no way they could compare any work , even the next album -LRB- What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- ? -RRB- , which is arguably their best , to the Beatles best album.That 's not to say that Oasis were n't a great band for their time -LRB- fact is , they 're still a great band , if u ask me -RRB- . They reintroduced the sound of the guitar into the charts in the UK with this album . Singles `` Shakermaker '' and `` Supersonic '' are awesome singles , filtering Beatles melodies and Sex Pistols f $ # & all attitude through the Stone Roses.A lot of the album has a Stone Roses , atmospheric quality to it ; the shoegazing , wall of sound was everywhere in their music back then . They should 've kept it , tell the truth - it was when they stripped down their sound -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- , and later began to experiment and overproduce their work -LRB- Be Here Now , the third album , which many see as the beginning of the end of Oasis ' empire -RRB- , that their Beatles influence was recognized as less an homage and more outright plagiarism.In any case , this was Oasis at their rawest , and most creative ; not all of the melodies here are overt robberies of others ' . Definitely Maybe is a great album ; perhaps it 's their best , perhaps it 's second to What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- ? , or maybe the two stand side-by-side as equals . In any case , it sure as HELL does n't stand side by side with Sgt. Pepper 's !
 Great album!I believe its the highest selling debut album in British rock history !
 In their debut Oasis created an awesome rock n'rollin ` album that should n't be looked down upon just because of their recent miserable album record or because of the motormouth brothers that lead the band.Tunes like `` Supersonic '' , `` Live Forever '' , `` Married with Children `` or `` Digsy 's Diner '' are among last decade 's best and although Oasis fire seemed to only have lastewd for a couple of albums it sure was fun while it burned .
 This album blows me away . Almost every song is incrdeible but the stand out has to be the sneeringly brilliant and bemusingly abstract Supersonic , my favourite song ever . this is not my favourite album -LRB- nothing beats abbey road -RRB- but it comes close . people who say whats the story morning glory is better need their heads examined . Noel Gallagher had written most of the songs that appear on the first 3 albums before the release of Definitely Maybe and -LRB- clearly -RRB- choose the best for this album
 I was fortunate enough to pick up on this when it was pretty new , and have enjoyed it since then . I preferred Oasis music to alot of the grunge stuff that was happening at the time . One of those albums that you just do n't get tired of . I have every Oasis album and will look forward to more . Great band .
 Hands down the greatest debut album released by any artist , ever . Musically , this is Oasis at their rawest , hungriest , rather than sophisticated and musically advanced . The tracklist reads more like a greatest hits lineup as almost every track is memorable and unique . ` Rock 'n' Roll Star ' is a fantastic beginning , and tells people to reach for their dreams . ` Shakermaker ' is a Coca-Cola ripoff , but a damn good song . ` Live Forever ' put Oasis on the map and remains one of their finest songs . `` Up In the Sky '' is the one song that 's different than any others on the album , and it 's a good one too . ` Columbia ' is one of my personal favorites , simple lyrics and great execution musically . ` Supersonic ' is one of the most popular Oasis songs till this very moment and their first single ever , solid drum intro until Noel tickles the Gibson . ` Bring It On Down ' rocks harder than any song on the album , and Noel busts out the Gibson again for an amazing guitar solo in the final frame . ` Cigarettes and Alcohol ' is about rock star excess , and still one of their best songs lyrically . ` Digsy 's Diner ' is the first in a line of bouncy late album tracks -LRB- She 's Electric , Be Here Now -RRB- and it has very nice Liam vocals . Speaking of nice Liam vocals , ` Slide Away ' is ten times better , and still one of the most heartfelt Oasis song , `` Let me be the one/That shines with you/In the morning/When we do n't know what to do '' Noel pens and Liam pleads . Album ender ` Married With Children ' is a mellow number , and it discusses discrepancies between lovers.Overall , a fantastic album , and there is nothing like Oasis when they were young , very hungry , and also very talented . Not to say they 're not talented now , but the raw energy that comes from reckless youth is induplicable -LRB- is that a real word ? it is now ! -RRB- , and their music is far more mature and couth now so there is no use comparing apples and oranges . `` Definitely Maybe '' has definitely stood the test of time , and continues to do so . Oasis is hated , and highly underrated in the States but our English speaking buddies across the Atlantic know what 's up , and they know and believe Oasis is a great band . `` Definitely Maybe '' is very highly recommended .
 a few things :1 . the beatles are my favorite band ever .2 . this does not sound like the beatles . people who say it mimics them or trys to imitate them are just lazy reviewers . noel does steal his fair share past brit rockers though .3 . it 's up there for me with van halen I and appetite with destruction as the best debut 's ever . it 's just pure rock n ' roll with great vocals and loud guitars .4 . this is oasis ' best album . the vocals are better in morning glory and the songs are more mainstream but this one is jamming .
 Up until 1994 , mainstream music in Britain was boybands , nothingness pop and uninteresting dance music . Then five lads from the working-class area of Manchester came along will the most exciting debut album heard for a generation.Along with their then arch-rivals Blur , they helped true English music return . Liam Gallagher gave us the the most exciting voice since Lennon and Noel Gallagher wrote the most meaningful melodic rock tunes since Lennon/McCartney . With typical Manc arrogance they open the album with ` Rock 'n' Roll Star ' a statement that no-one could deny . ` Shakermaker ' was a druggy psychedelic masterpiece with Liam on top form.They then follow this with the best song of 1994 - if not the most important of the decade ` Live Forever ' . It is the most perfect pop-song possible - expressive lyrics , great tune and Liam making a statement that a generation could hold on to '' we 're gon na live forever '' . The pace continues with ` Up In The Sky ' turning people everywhere to attempt to pronounce `` fly '' and `` feel '' in a way only Liam can . British music was top of the world.Psychedelic rock anthem ` Columbia ' was the first demo Oasis ever put out , and Creation boss Alan McGee heard it and new he had to sign `` the best band since the Beatles '' as he rightly put it.The bands first ever single in Britain was ` Supersonic ' and it got ` single of the week ' in the three leading British music papers . Something big had arrived - you could feel it . Noel 's arrogant rhyming of ` Supersonic/Gin and Tonic ' and ' i know a girl called Elsa / she 's into Alkaseltser ' typified there ` two-fingers ' attitude . ` Bring it on Down ' somehow manages to increase the pace and the rock does n't let up . ` Cigarettes & Alcohol ' became a song all of 1990 's youth could identify with . The classic guitar riff was played by budding guitarists everywhere and North England became cool again with `` imaginasheeeeunnn . . '' being sung throughout the land . ` Digsy 's Dinner ' lets the album down slightly . In this tongue-in-cheek song Noel writes about his mate Digsy , his life in Manchester and ... lasagne!Anthem ` Slide Away ' , completes an album full of unrelenting melodic rock tunes before Noel shows the other side to his songwriting prowess ending with the delicate ` Married with Children ' -LRB- which if Noel had been more confident back then you feel that he would have taken up the vocals -RRB- . It can not be underrestimated how important this album was . It may have been bettered by there follow up but this was where it started and we could n't wait .
 Oasis definitely broke out of the starting gate with a commanding lead when they released Definitely Maybe . If there were ever a deluxe edition released of this with some of the b-sides/extra songs on it -LRB- Sad Song , Take Me Away , Cloudburst , etc. -RRB- , I 'd buy it in a heartbeat . That being said , although -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory gets more publicity and is better known state-side , Definitely Maybe is better end-to-end . Probably the best album of the last 30 + years . Personally , it 's the best one of any genre since the Eagles released `` Hotel California '' in the 1970s , but maybe that 's just me .
 17 years later I still find myself reverting back to songs like Slide Away , Live Forever , Married With Children and Columbia just so I can reconnect with the magnificence of this album . Truly a timeless masterpiece .
 While Noel Gallagher has endured a lot of unjustified criticism for his songwriting -LRB- wearing your influences on your sleeve is n't always a BAD thing -RRB- Oasis ' stunning debut is a strong argument in his favor , if you want to consider him for the title of `` greatest pop songwriter since Lennon & McCartney '' . Every song on this classic LP could have been a single and yet they work together well in the context of the album as a whole , a rare feat . `` Shakermaker '' never sounds old !
 Has anyone ever put out two better albums back to back than this and `` Morning Glory '' ... ? I think not .
 On the occasion of the release of the band 's seventh full length cd I thought that I would pull out all of their cds and re-assess each one . In doing so I must first admit that the combination of a series of disappointing records , childish in-fighting , idiotic public pronouncements and generally boorish and juvenile behaviour have not exactly endeared these lads to me over the last decade and a half . So , let me wipe clean the slate and , as George Michael once suggested , listen without prejudice.This is most definitely English music . Oasis has always worn its influences on it sleeves - Beatles , most obviously , but also Stones , Kinks , Small Faces . This `` Englishness '' is a logical reason why certain British artists have been less successful in the US than at home and else ware . Starting with the great Small Faces in the 60 's and continuing through Queen in the 70 's and 80 's to The Arctic Monkeys more recently there has been a long line of Brit bands that have been tremendously successful at home and less so on the southern half of this continent . From the beginning of rock and roll I have always recognized a musical hall or theatrical element in much of the popular music from the UK . I suspect that for many in the potential American audience this is off-putting . To the American ear these artists can sound affected or pretentious and are therefore often described as poseurs . To the British ear , and indeed the Australian and Canadian as well , they are merely continuing a long recognized and much revered tradition . I may be totally out to lunch on this one . However , there has to be a logical reason why , over the course of over forty years , a slew of bands who were immensely popular in the UK struggled to make headway in the US but were able to carry that popularity to , for instance , Canada . The aforementioned Queen , Supertramp and Genesis are other examples . Now I do appreciate that each of these bands had varying degrees of popularity in the US . However , they were each much more successful in Britain AND in Canada . It is n't the accent ! We up here in the Great White North sound much more American than we do English - even if we tend to use English spelling!Maybe starts of with the snarling rocker Rock ` n ' Roll Star . The record never lets up . Live Forever is one of my favourite anthems from the 90 's . Supersonic is another driving , snarling , gem that , like many of the band 's best songs , has silly lyrics but is ideal for screaming along with at parties or alone in the car . After its initial and welcome excitement , grunge , like most `` new things '' in music , became repetitive and lost its way . Straight ahead rockers like Bring it on Down and Cigarettes and Alcohol were therefore a breath of fresh air . Slide Away , the penultimate song , is another anthemic party piece . The album closes with Married With Children - just the kind of innocuous but catchy little ditty in which The Beatles specialized.Definitely Maybe is a sterling debut album . To me it is cleaner and less cluttered than the later releases -LRB- purely subjective observations of course -RRB- . The variety of the music and the brevity of the recording allow the listener to play the entire thing without any risk of the onset of boredom - something that , regretfully , I can not say of their post 1995 catalog . The band 's second effort is even better . Therefore I 'll give this one four and a half stars and save full marks for Morning Glory .
 He thinks that saying Oasis sucks is a good thing . True Oasis fans know who really sucks in this case . Oasis are awesome and their debut rocks .
 Oasis ' debut , Definatley Maybe , is their best work , just barely beating out What 's the Story ? This album is filled with Oasis ' best work , and thankfully only Liam sings on these tracks , since we have all seen the tragic outcomes when his brother , Noel , sings songs on later albums.Overall , this is a great 90 's album that strayed away from the grunge for a more classic rock sound .
 Liam Gallagher sneered ` I 'm a rock and roll star ' , Noel Gallagher gloated that Oasis were the best band in the world . Both were so convincing , we all believed them . The sheer audacity of the Gallagher brothers to self-proclaim themselves as rock 's kingpins shook the very foundations of the music industry in the mid 90 's . The stage was set , Oasis had arrived with a loud bang . ` Definitely Maybe ' was to complete what the Stone Roses had only managed in the UK , hard-edged sons of Manchester unleashing rock and roll fury on the music world . Their debut is ear-piercing , brazen , and seeping with arrogance , hailing upon the spirit of the rock gods for a pure and distilled brand of rock and roll . Noel Gallagher and Bonehead sets the mood with brash lead/rhythm guitar-riffs , equal parts classic rock , glam , and garage-rock , making for a raw crunchy guitar wall-of-sound . Just like crackling thunder , primal and spine-chilling , powerful yet jolting . But at the sametime non-threatening and palatable , arms held high and swaying , a tribute to rock 's icons , a homage to jukebox anthems , a collective call to arms for voices raised in song . Liam 's vocals are like some swashbuckling rogue , more swagger than substance , more attitude than emotion , self-assured and cocky ... which is basically the essence of rock itself . ` Definitely Maybe ' is an admirable blend of sheer bloody-mindedness , subtle seduction , and unsettling yet infectious guitar prowess/energy . This CD endures only because rock 's flame continues to burn , and every so often , we need a reminder the beast is merely lying dormant waiting to be unleased again .
 It 's honestly hard to like Oasis sometimes because they 're so darn full of themselves . It 's bad enough that the Beatles proclaimed they were bigger than God , now we have to listen to Liam say they 're bigger than the Beatles ?!? If you can get past the grating personalities , they do put out some fantastic music , admittedly . And this album , albeit a bit streaky , does show flashes of brilliance that warrents a purchase.Most noteable are `` Live Forever '' -LRB- still brings tears to my eyes thinking about a friend who died in a car crash years ago -RRB- , `` Rock N Roll Star '' and `` Supersonic . '' But the cornerstone is `` Married With Children , '' with a simple melody guaranteed to stick in your head , bitingly sarcastic and hilarious lyrics , and a singalong factor that 's a perfect *** 10 *** . It 's a freaking great song , and I urge you to track it down one way or another even if you do n't buy the album . I think this saying is cliche ' , but really true in this case
 In my opinion , if the Beatles and the Rolling Stones had a baby , Oasis would be the result . You can clearly hear Beatles-sounding tunes and lyrics in `` Live forever '' and `` Slide Away '' , both of which have been known to choke me up on occasions . Rolling Stones-esque music can be heard in the tracks `` Supersonic '' , `` Up in the Sky '' , `` Shakermaker '' , and my personal favorite of the whole bunch `` Cigarettes and Alchohol '' . Fun to listen to , fun to sing , and , on occasion , the songs are even fun to get stuck into your head . There have been days when I 'm at school , and one of the songs pops into my head . I am simply not satisfied until I get home and listen to the whole CD , beginning to end . This is a great album . It 's addictive , it 's catchy , and , most importantly , there are three more discs to listen to ! Hooray for Oasis !
 Together with What 's The Story , these two albums hold 90 % of Oasis 's best stuff . Ignore all Oasis output -LRB- musical or otherwise -RRB- from 1996 onwards .
 Nevermind anyone that gives this album less than 4 stars , as they dont fully understand what good music is all about . I can guarantee you that much . This is one of the greatest albums of all time from my favorite band and theres a good reason for that .
 Where to start ? This incredible album changed my life ! 1994 was a great time of musical discovery for me . But oasis by far were the band that had the deepest impact on me . I love British rock , from the Stone Roses to Kula Shaker , and when I heard the first chords from the first song in Live Forever , I was taken to a different world . Like this world , just with all the beautifull harshness magnified by Liam 's make me melt faster than butter voice , Noel 's soul ripping lead guitar , Bonehead and Whitey 's added wicked guitar , together over a rhytmic beat equal to my heart 's . And I feel awe inspiring wonder , looking back , that this was just a base for Morning Glory , Be Here Now , and The Masterplan !!! As I listened to Definitly Maybe for the first time , Live Forever and Supersonic -LRB- the opening of that song almost kills me every time -RRB- I was already familiar with ; but Columbia , Up in the Sky and all the others blew me away with their addictive lyrics , beautiful guitar , and Liam 's lovely voice . Their music was so refreshing . Slide Away . Just saying it makes me almost cry . The song is definitly an oasis classic . Definitly Maybe have/will change music and inspire others to listen and make music , as it has done to me . I DO N'T KNOW , I DO N'T CARE ! ALL I KNOW IS YOU CAN TAKE ME THERE !!!
 since the release of definitely maybe in 1996 -LRB- i think -RRB- oasis have continued to produce quality music but in my view not as good as their debut . this is one of the best albums i have heard in a long time and gives the manchester lads the crown of brit rock kings ! songs like ` shaker maker , live forever ' and ` supersonic ' are rare genious with the compelling lyrics that make liams voice rain through your speakers and soak you to the bone !! you 'll thank me afterwards
 Remember '' Do n`t play your Rock ` n Roll to me '' from Smokie ? No ? The Gallaghers gave a f. . . on that . They did what they can give but this one was not to the hand of God ... The Following Album after this was going on Jesus Christ Ways ; only 4 Albums on the World have the right beeing 6 points on Amazon . Defintiley Maybe this is not 6 points but a full 5.00000 ...
 Definitely Maybe is quite simply one of the greatest Rock 'n' Roll records of all-time . Oasis presents the songs with such swagger and confidence that you ca n't help but enjoy the album . The record kicks off with the massive Rock 'n' Roll Star . This is the best example of the Oasis swagger . They are claiming to be stars even though they had yet to even sell one record . More highlights include the psycadelic political statement `` Up in the Sky '' , the amazing anthem `` Live Forever '' , and their tribute to the Sex Pistols `` Bring it on Down '' . For me the best track of the record is the groovy and trippy `` Columbia . '' Originally supposed to be an instrumental track , Liam takes on a world of his own with Lennonesque vocals . This is one of the few Oasis tracks that instigates the slide guitar . Truly a brilliant listen . What more can I say , their are really no flaws or weak tracks on this record . To me , this and `` Revolver '' by the Beatles stand alone as the essential rock 'n' roll records . Classic . *****
 In the history of rock n ' roll * , there probably are n't 20 better albums than Definitely Maybe . Oasis , under pressure to throw together enough material for a full album after signing with Creation Records on the strength of a handful of songs , accidentally made one of the best albums ever . It 's not hyperbole to say that every song on this album is damned good , if not great.Oasis has always been accused of being derivative , and there 's alot of evidence of that on Definitely Maybe . `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' is T-Rex 's `` Bang A Gong -LRB- Get it On -RRB- '' retooled . The chorus of `` Shakermaker '' is lifted directly from the Coca-Cola song , `` I 'd Like to Teach the World to Sing . '' Yet , the album is fresh . Liam Gallagher 's vocals are fantastic ; he 's a one-of-a-kind singer . The guitars are big and loud . Swagger just drips from every song . Whatever their sources of inspiration , the Gallaghers have always put their own stamp on their songs , made their own sounds . Paradoxically derivative and unique , Definitely Maybe was so groundbreaking that bands have been trying for the last decade to capture its sound , its magic . There 's a lot of Definitely in both of Jet 's albums , for example.This is a must-have album for any rock fan . Like Revolver , Kick -LRB- INXS -RRB- , Joshua Tree , and Achtung Baby -LRB- just a few examples off-the-cuff -RRB- , Definitely Maybe captured the spirit of the time in which it was released and sent rock in a different direction . What `` She Loves You '' and `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' were to the British Invasion , the Definitely Maybe album was to the `` Brit Pop '' movement.If you 're a rock n ' roll fan and this album has n't found its way into your collection , you 've really been missing out . Order it today . If I could give it 10 stars , I would ! * By `` rock 'n roll '' I mean straigh-forward , guitar-driven music . I do n't mean to include soul , R & B , hip-hop , `` soft rock '' or other styles that sometimes get lumped in the `` rock 'n roll '' category .
 Oasis finally released their debut album `` Definitely Maybe '' in August of 1994 , and what a triumphant debut it is . Oasis had already been kicking around for a quite a while before this album came out -- terrific early songs such as the scorching `` Take Me '' and the hauntingly desperate `` Colour My Life '' remain officially unreleased although they 've been much bootlegged . Noel Gallagher worked painstakingly to get `` Definitely Maybe '' just right , reportedly having the band record the whole album three times due to dissatisfaction . Looking beyond all the hype , tabloid coverage , and so forth , `` Definitely Maybe '' is truly a superb and timeless album that deserved to be a smash hit , which it was . Much has been made of the derivative nature of Oasis ' music -- ` borrowing ' the T. Rex `` Bang A Gong '' riff for `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' ; ripping off that Coca-Cola jingle for `` Shakermaker '' -- but the thing is , this truly sounds like an album that should take the world by storm . The production here is phenomenal -- with crisp and booming drums , rich guitar tones , and Liam Gallagher 's frequently sneering vocals , song after song jumps out at you and captivates with a uniquely huge and bracing sound . Noel seems to be tapping into a variety of British influences , from the Beatles , Stones , Who , and Kinks , all the way through the likes of the Stone Roses , Happy Mondays , Spaceman 3 , and My Bloody Valentine . The music hall-flavored `` Digsy 's Diner '' and the album-closing acoustic ballad `` Married With Children '' are fun and enjoyable songs that mix things up a bit . As for the rest of the songs , each and every one is a gem . The contemplative `` Live Forever '' and the passionately yearning `` Slide Away '' are soaring rock ` ballads ' . `` Supersonic '' and the uptempo `` Bring It On Down '' are edgy rockers . `` Up In The Sky '' is a blissful , psychedelic-tinged feel-good song . `` Columbia '' is an infectious , relentlessly rocking groove-tune . `` Rock 'n' Roll Star '' and `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' are enthusiastic , celebratory rockers . `` Shakermaker '' , which does bear resemblance to the Beatles instrumental `` Flying '' , uncannily incorporates that Coca-Cola melody into a 12-bar blues format and adds a soaring bridge . Noel 's lead guitar work is terrific -- although his playing is n't technically virtuosic by any means , Noel is a master of ` serving the songs ' and knowing just what notes to play for maximum impact , plus having such great guitar tone does n't hurt -- just check out the extended song-ending solo on `` Bring It On Down '' , the blazing leads on `` Columbia '' , or the long fade on `` Slide Away '' for proof . Granted , there 's not a whole heck of a lot of variety here in terms of arrangement -- it 's pretty much guitars-cranked-up-to-11 on song after song -- but what a great sound.I think most serious music listeners have a handful or so of albums that had that ` life changing ' impact that marks a turning point of sorts in their lives -- `` Definitely Maybe '' definitely had that impact on me when I first bought and played it back in March of ' 95 , and it still sounds great all these years later . No doubt about it , `` Definitely Maybe '' is a must-have album . -LRB- P.S. I do want to point out the Japanese CD version which slips in two more great songs -- the rocking `` Cloudburst '' and the Noel-sung acoustic ballad `` Sad Song '' -- while keeping the rest of the track listing intact and in the same order . `` Sad Song '' can be found on the Japanese `` Do n't Go Away '' CD single but with an unfortunate ` sudden ending ' -LRB- admittedly a minor gripe -RRB- , making the Japanese `` Definitely Maybe '' version preferrable . `` Cloudburst '' can also be found on the `` Live Forever '' UK CD single . -RRB-
 Before 1994 , the British music scene was in the dumps , with bands like the Stone Roses no longer in effect . Then out of nowhere comes the Gallagher brothers , and Oasis to kick the rock n roll scene back into gear.The quickest selling debut album in history , Definitely Maybe stands as a solid rock at the base of an ever growing British rock mountain . Not since then has their been a release to compare with this album.This album contains the ultimate song in my book , Live Forever . What an anthem . Noel Gallagher ca n't deny that this simple song has to rate up there as his best tune to date . It was n't just a song , but a way of life . The video with the pictures on the wall of Jimi Hendrix , Kurt Cobain , and John Lennon . . wow , powerful stuff . I was instantly drawn to this band , and have n't been disappointed since.There 's not a single track one can skip over on this album . From Rock and Roll Star , thru to Married With Children , this is the pinnacle of rock music . Supersonic , Slide Away , Up in The Sky , it does n't get better than this -LRB- but is equalled by their Morning Glory follow up -RRB- . Buy this cd if you do n't own it . Own a piece of history !!! WELL WORTH the 10 or 15 bucks !!!!!
 Here I am , sat in England , several years after this album was first released.Despite the years that have passed , this is one of those albums that is always good to listen to , and as such , it has so far stood the test of time.When Oasis burst onto the UK music scene back in the 90s I was 17 , just finishing high school , and there was genuine excitement among us ` kids ' about this band . No other band had generated such excitement in our lifetimes , and no band has done so since . When a new Oasis single was about to be released , it was all everyone was talking about . And , once it had been released , everyone was talking about how great it was , and which was their favourite ' B side ' track.I love this album . It was the soundtrack to my ` Golden Years ' - those great days in your late teens when everything is good in the world , and all that matters is going out -LRB- or hanging out -RRB- with your mates . What better way to enjoy those days than by listening to ` Supersonic ' or ` Rock 'n' Roll Star ' while you do so?Oasis ' later offerings I considered disappointing . But that 's understandable , when they produced a debut like this . How do you follow it up ? You ca n't . In some ways I wish Oasis had crashed and burned after this storming debut . It would have been a fitting way to have ended things - bursting onto the scene , showing everyone how a record should be made , doing the rock 'n' roll thing , then bursting into flames and disappearing into the place of legends.If you do n't already own this album , buy it now . Open a beer , spark up a cigarette , and PLAY IT LOUD .
 Whan Oasis exploded onto the British music scene in 1994 , many thought them the true successors to that other great underground Manchester band , The Stone Roses . They had the swagger , they had the sneer , and more importantly , they had the songs . Definitely Maybe is testament to that . From the opening bars of Rock N Roll Star , the bravura of a band who knew they had the world at their feet was agressively evident and in Liam Gallagher they possessed one of the truly great frontmen of the 90s . Definitely Maybe is an astonishing debut and far superior to the 12 million selling -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory . It is rawer , heavier and more confident than the subsequent Oasis albums , and all the better for it . Noel Galagher betrays not the merest shadow of a doubt that he knew he was one of the greatest songwriters Britain had produced in years . His lyrics have often been cricicized , but with the supreme arrogance and honesty of youth he put some fantastic lines into his brother 's mouth - `` I ca n't tell you the way I feel , cos the way I feel is oh so new to me '' , `` I 'll be scraping your lives from the sole of my shoe tonight '' . There are no bad tracks on the album , and some real monsters too . Supersonic , Colombia , Cigarettes and Alcohol , Bring it on Down and Live Forever are all fantastic songs , but none of them surpass Slide Away , a raw , tender , joyfully euphoric six minutes of Gallagher brilliance.That Oasis were not the messiahs is now painfully evident . They have never managed to recapture the exuberant majesty of their first album , and although they have displayed the odd flash of greatness since -LRB- on songs such as Some Might Say , Do You Know What I Mean and I Hope I Think I Know -RRB- I fear Oasis are a spent force . But if you want to know how great they once were , ignore the last three albums and head straight for Definitely Maybe - you wo n't be disappointed .
 Well ? What can be said ` bout Oasis . I love those guys ! This is their first album , and one of the greatest one ever . I 'm only twelve right now , but i hate that modern mainstream music you hear in the radio every day . Just not worth it . For me , the Gallagher bros. are my oasis of good great music in the modern times . Noel was the talent and creativity , Liam , the freaking rock n roll attitude ! I hear their music every day , and these first years are their best . I simply love hearing -LRB- and I do it daily -RRB- Live Forever , Shakermaker and Cigarretes & Alcohol . Along with The Masterplan and -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? , this is the very best of Oasis ! It 's good music the old way . It makes me wish I had been born in the '80s ... Though , they have some pretty great stuff in the following years , specially Be Here Now and Do n't Believe the Truth.I discovered Oasis very recently , only after the Olympic Games closing ceremony . But since then , I 've had the time of my life . They have helped me get over things , do things right and even helped me with a girl . I also ordered all of their albums by Amazon.If you like real music and not that new electro-nonsense mainstream , this is definitely a must-have !
 This album is the debut record -LRB- CD -RRB- from Oasis and it is one of 2 GREAT albums by them . the other is `` What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- '' . Brilliant Songs on both of these albums !!!
 I found this CD by browsing Amazon and decided to give it a try . I am happy with all of the tracks . Some tracks remind me of Beatles a little , but not all , so the band does have a unique sound . Even though from the 90s , the sound is like many bands making it today . I like it.t
 Easily among the finest debuts ever , an absolute timeless classic , a true masterpiece , and the greatest of all mid-nineties Brit-Pop albums . Definitely Maybe blends a collection of easy listening and highly addictive alternative rock melodies that bring pleasure to the ears of attentive listeners . Although this album is mostly known for its blockbusting , chart-topping singles -LRB- ` Supersonic , Live Forever , Shakermaker ' -RRB- , slow jams like ` Slide Away , Up in the Sky , ' and ` Rock 'n' Roll Star ' are just as worthy of super-stardom . The underappreciated ` Colombia , ' which makes # 2 on my all-time favorite Oasis songs -LRB- just beneath ` Wonderwall ' -RRB- , brings a touch of hard rock to this masterpiece , and ` Digsy 's Diner ' adds perkiness and zest to an otherwise low-key album . More listenable and memorable than The Bends and , well , simply better than Parklife , the starting point for Oasis is not only their best album , but also one of the best albums of all-time . If you are new to Oasis , I recommend starting here ; you will not be disappointed , but delighted with the eye-watering Definitely Maybe . Best album of ' 94 ; that means better than Purple , The Blue Album , and Superunkown .
 This album is definitely the best album by Oasis , and maybe the one of the best albums of the 90 's . Each and every song on the album is unforgettable , and a handful are all time classics . The weakest song is probably ` Up in The Sky ' , which would get a 5 or 6 on 10 , while virtually the whole album gets 10 , with the exception of Slide Away , which gets an 8 . The best songs are ` Columbia ' , ` Rock 'N Roll Star ' and ` Married With Children ' . No gripes , and no regrets . This one will be hard to get of the head , once in . Or in Noel 's words , ` the uninvited guest who stays till the end ' A must buy for music lovers .
 This CD got no respect in America . This CD is , in my opinion , easily the best CD to come out in the 90s . The arguments against Oasis are moot . Rock and roll has been derivative since before the time Elvis started swaggering . Led Zeppelin was a wannabe delta blues band with a lot of amperage . Who cares if Oasis ripped off previous acts . The tunes on this CD are incredibly addictive . The first two Oasis albums and Masterplan had excellent taste in what they pinched.The lyrics of `` Definitely Maybe '' are simple , yet they are original , heartfelt , and more honest than anything out there . One need not be from Manchester to appreciate where Oasis is coming from . I listened to this CD in 95 and have been a hooked fan since.Note
 In the States , most people know Oasis for `` Wonderwall '' and `` Champagne Supernova '' and other gems off their second album . Their debut album , DEFINITELY MAYBE , is arguably the better one , a wonderful combination of youthful attitude and catchy melodies.DEFINITELY MAYBE displays all the promise that Oasis had when they were just starting -LRB- a promise that has since been betrayed by their mediocre most recent work -RRB- . The ingredients
 I was very lucky to be living in the UK in the mid 1990 's when a new surge of British guitar pop began to receive general airplay on a newly rejuvenated BBC Radio One . It was a genuinely exciting time to be a music fan as there was a widespread feeling that this era was producing truly classic albums to compare to the best from the 60 's , 70 's and 80 's . The Britpop bands unashamedly borrowed the best bits from the best British bands of the previous three decades and combined them to form a cocktail of pure commercial pop ecstasy . My top five , after five years of repeated listening , would be Dodgy -LRB- Homegrown -RRB- , Boo Radley 's -LRB- Wake Up Boo ! -RRB- , Oasis -LRB- Definitely Maybe -RRB- , Blur -LRB- Parklife -RRB- and Supergrass -LRB- In it for the Money -RRB- . I would suggest if you own and enjoy any of these mentioned items your collection would be far richer for owning all five.Absolutely Gorgeous !
 Oasis is truly one of the most talented bands to come out of the diamal 90 's popular music scene . they are very heavy sounding , and Noel Gallagher is a great guitarist and songwriter . Liam is also a great vocalist . This album is very good , buy it if you dont already have it . Best song is the beautiful `` Married With Children ''
 I was a little slow to hear of Oasis . In fact I was n't even sure of who they were after I heard the ever poopular Wonderwall being played everywhere . Then a friend played this album for me , and it all made sense . Oasis is a band with great sound , witty lyrics and a whole lotta attitude . Do n't listen to all the unfortunate backlash the band has recieved ; they are awsome -- and they know it . After hearing Definitely Maybe I wanted to hear their more recent work and I have since collected all their albums and am greatly anticipating the arrival of Standing on the Shoulders of Giants . Give this one a listen .
 I listened to this again the other night , and boy has it ever held up ! This is still Oasis ' best album by far -- its energy and freshness make the excess and overproduction of Be Here Now seem a little sad by comparison . Ok , I could do without Digsy 's , and Bring It On Down sounds a little generic , but the rest of the tracks still rank among the strongest Noel has written . By the way , I find the `` Oasis sound like the Beatles '' complaints REALLY tiresome -- if the songs are great -LRB- as these are -RRB- , what 's the problem ? HIGHLY recommended -- one of the very best rock and roll albums of the nineties .
 Definitely Maybe is a Compact Disk that sounds like it came from heaven ; except that the ` Angels ' that recorded it are from the UK , do drugs and sound even better than any angel . Liam Gallagher 's voice rips through the air like a futuristic Jumbo-Jet of pleasure . His precise vocals and awesome talent really make Oasis legendary . Behind the scenes and the lead guitar is song-writing genius Noel Gallagher who designed the prototype of the Jumbo afore mentioned . All the tracks on this CD are never-ending . They are amazing breakthroughs in the world of musical science that enable audio bliss for anyone that dares to listen . But , there is no great risk involved in listening to this compilation , so wonderful and unearthly brilliant that even if you do not enjoy the brilliance you will come away a better person , understanding a bit more about what music is . Listen . Enjoy . Pleasure yourself .
 i prefer this record over the stone roses debut which everyone thinks is the best british record ever . this still sounds fresh unlike the dated roses album . this is a great record and definitely oasis ' best . better than morning glory btw . morning glory has the trinity of champagne supernova , do n't look back in anger and wonderwall , but this DM has live forever and everything else on the album . the harder rockin oasis will always be better and this album deserves all the love it gets .
 I first heard of Oasis when I saw Noel -LRB- who writes all the songs -RRB- saying Burt Bacharach was a great hero of his in the `` This Is Now '' BBC special about Bacharach narrated by Dusty Springfield and aired on PBS in the US . I was also struck by their decision to include a Bacharach picture in the lower left-hand side of the `` Definitely Maybe '' album . I bought this CD but I did not like it . But I started to pay attention to the group 's more recent material and though it was much better than the vast majority of pop rock out there . I went back to this album and it sounds a lot better now . I can understand those who think it is their best album , although I am not sure I agree . How Oasis knew it was good from the beginning I do n't know , but it may have something to do with Noel 's good taste in music ...
 For Oasis , ` Definitely Maybe ' is their best album and representative of the sound I wished they had kept in following albums . However , having to conform to radio 's top 40 standards has changed their overall sound into the toned down Oasis that you hear today . ` Definitely Maybe ' contains some of the bands ' best songs including , ` Supersonic ' , ` Rock n Roll Star ' , and ` Columbia ' . If you like Oasis and have yet to hear their actual debut album , I definitely recommend this album because it is their best .
 I HAD to write SOMEthing when I saw that `` the average listener '' gave this album only 4 and a half stars ... This album is the best they 've ever done ...
 This is a magnificent album , easily the one of the five best British albums of the the decade , and without doubt the best Oasis album yet . It encapsulates aggression , youth , arrogance -LRB- mainly due to Liam -RRB- , with some magnificent melodies , breaking into moments of noise . Buy this album to feel young again -LRB- and if you are young you should have a very good excuse for not having it already -RRB- .
 This album is possibly the best debut album ever made - From the superheated , snarling ` Rock n ' Roll Star ' , to the agonised whining intro of ` Slide Away ' , from the psychadelic torpor of ` Shakermaker ' to the stupid , crazy fun of ` Digsy 's Dinner ' . Quite simply , a classic . The album that made Britpop .
 Definately Maybe is the best album in the world . There are songs like Live Forever , Cigarettes & Alcohol , Married With Children and Supersonic that just simply are the greatest songs in the world . If you are Oasis fan , you have to get this album because it 's the best in the world ! Mad fer it ! P.S. . If you especially like this album , you should by Live By The Sea because it 's a very good video .
 Definitely Mabye is one of the most influential albums of the 90s . Filling the void that had existed in British music , Oasis crashed onto the scene and inspired a whole generation of indie groups . For a debut album , there are few bands who have produced such quality .
 This is one of the best albums of the decade ! Every song is ear shattering and every song will take hold of you !
 I cant tell you what it is about this album that makes it so appealing . If anyone can put thier finger on the undefineable attraction of this musical masterpiece they deserve a round down at the dog and duck . Full of exceptional songs , this has to be a front runner for album of the 90 's . Rock 'n' roll star is a great opener which is followed by Shakermaker , a real piece of psycadelica . Other tracks that are prominent are Supersonic -LRB- Oasis ' first single -RRB- and Cigarettes and Alcohol . Others such as Up in the sky and Digsy 's dinner are of high standard but it is -LRB- contrary to popular belief -RRB- Slide Away that is the weakest track of the lot . A must for any self respecting music conneseur . Amazing .
 Oasis is by far the best band in existence today and this album proves it . With all the junk bands around today like Third Eye Blind , NSync , and Metallica it 's good to know that there is at least one band around that is truly dedicated to rock and roll . It 's too bad that Oasis has had such mediocre success in the U.S. I just ca n't stand to listen to the radio anymore . I ca n't name even one good band in the U.S. . It seems to me that all the best music is made in Europe . Great bands like the Beatles , Pink Floyd , and now Oasis have all come out of Europe . Well enough with my ramblings . If you want a cd that will stick to your cd player indefinitely buy Definitely Maybe .
 Where do i start . Well this is the best debut album ever , well ive established in the title but it is true . Seriously Oasis are a great band but having to stand all of their other albums against this masterpiece would frighten anybody . The album far surpases Whats the Story , anybody who says otherwise is wrong and needs to listen to this album again . In writing this review i know already that most people have got this album im on my fourth copy now ! The Songs , oh the songs Live Forever , Slide Away , Columbia Bring It On Down - these songs are amazing ! While I acknoweldge that this leaves out many of the singles i 'm not bothered because this album has it all , they do not make albums like this anymore . Their only album that mounts a serious challenge to their debut is the masterplan which i think sums up the band , arrogant and cocky - but ill let them off ! Listen to this album again and again and nothing will ever stand up to it , i know it makes other albums obsolete but i really do not care
 yeah they are a great rock and roll band and yes they are from england but that does n't mean they are copying the beatles , surely we brits are allowed more than one band!I LOVE this album and it hurts me when people put it down ! Surely songs such as slide away and live forever alone are good enough to justify the buying of this album . I ask for you all to think independantly and give oasis a try all of their albums are great and I am getting their new one tommorow , all the songs are class and individual -LRB- Im not sure if you will agree with that one but this is my opinion -RRB- . I admit that oasis may seem cocky also but their main man -LRB- noel -RRB- admits that they are not as good as and never will be as good as the beatles along with other bands and it is just the press who compare them . give it a try !!! england will still be buying this album in 30 or 40 years !
 In short , this is rock.Oasis did n't rise to fame because of their pretense and troubles in the press -- they are superstars because they have what rock and roll needs
 In 1996 and 1997 , I was a huge Oasis fan . Their `` where the best band in the world '' schtick eventually grew stale with me though and I lost interest . Since then , I ca n't find the magic anymore when I put on the pretentious `` Be Here Now '' or the over-rated `` Morning Glory . '' However , `` Definitely Maybe '' is really the album of theirs that has stood the test of time most impressively . Songs like `` Live Forever , '' `` Columbia , '' `` Supersonic , '' and especially `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' are still just as good now as the first time I heard them -LRB- though it 's a little discouraging that they peaked so early -RRB- . Liam Gallagher gives one of the best performances I 've ever heard by a lead singer on this album . I know not many would agree with this , but I think Liam 's vocal capabilities have been ruined since by Noel 's songwriting . In my opinion , this album combined elements of The Beatles and Sex Pistols . Since this record , they 've leaned heavily towards The Beatles end and completely abandoned what they showed they were so good at on this record , being a border-line punk band . Liam has the greatest sneering vocal maybe ever possessed by a lead singer and I hope Oasis will utilize that again one day by making a more punk rock record than what they 've turned out recently .
 Taken together with Nirvana 's `` Nevermind '' and Smashing Pumpkins ' `` Siamese Dream , '' this about sums up 90 's rock and roll -LRB- the pure kind of rock and roll . Remember that kind , kids ? -RRB- , and was a cannon blast across the bow of the American music scene . Noel Gallagher poured every last ounce of creative spark he had into this album , then a 24 year old , and left his impression well within the upper rankings of great British songwriters for all time.As Noel put it himself , looking back he would have left `` Digsy 's Diner '' off this album , but let 's be candid , who the hell cares ? The entirety of this LP is dripping with the energy and swagger of these -LRB- I mean this in the best way -RRB- punks from Manchester . If you ca n't laugh along at their drunk antics from the early days , if you ca n't spot the fact that this `` Beatles-nabbing '' dig by all of the naysayers is so off-base , and culled from two or three VERY drunk comments by some VERY intoxicated young lads who went from being in a welfare line to being the bar none the biggest band on the planet literally overnight , then you should n't be reading this review or checking out this album anyhow . The real fans get it . I 've seen the boys live twice , and they absolutely brought the house down and really vibe and have a good time while remaining humble in front of the true fans . Something to behold if you have n't caught them yet.That said , every song absolutely rocks , and I 'm loathe to actually say that `` Morning Glory '' is a better album . I think they nailed it here , despite `` Morning Glory 's '' wider range of moods and gorgeous ballads . This is a band trying to make it 's statement just so it can be heard . Did they ever .
 From the start Oasis was ready to make there mark in the world of music , hands down this is a most have for any music fan .
 Yes thats right I said it the Best rock album of all time . Better than any stones , beatles , led zepellin , ac/dc , kiss , or any other rock album of the world I listened to . I have heard them all . I remember hearing this album when it came out and I was mezmerized ... every single track on the entire album is not only good but amazing . They clearly have great respect and fondness for the Beatles as an influence and try to emulate them and they have done more than emulate the beatles in my opinion albumwise -- they have far surpassed them . As I said I truly can not specify any particular favorites of the album because they are all gems . To say they are gems is an understatement.In all honesty I do n't even like giving Oasis props because of their extreme cockiness , arrogance , we are the best band in the world , we are better than the beatles attitude . But their music does back it up in my opinion honestly . I mean the alcoholic gallagher brothers are obnoxious beyond compair but superb musicians ... especially noel who write the majority of the songs and its nice how noel and liam more or less equally sing the tracks of the album which makes for a nice variety.The following few albums like whats the story , be here now , and standing on the shoulder of giants were all great albums . Unforunately after standing on the shoulder of giants , they clearly went way way way down hill to eventually non existent and breakig up . Whether this was due to some of the band members leaving and bringing in new band members which played a major part or something else . . who knows . But they eventually hit rock bottom and sounded like rubbish after standing ont he shoulder of giants.I think if Noel goes solo as a musician I see him making some great music in the future , but not Liam .
 While Oasis ' second album gets more attention , `` Definitely Maybe '' may ultimately prove to be the most influential work the band ever did . `` Definitely Maybe '' has a raw , straight-ahead rock n roll sound . It is meant to be played loud.If there is a theme to the album , it is about wanting to be a rock star . Being a rock star is obviously something to aspire to , but at the time `` Definitely Maybe '' was released , this seemed to be a novel idea . Thus , the sense that Oasis `` saved '' rock n roll.Though Oasis makes rocking , shagging girls , and doing coke seem like a lot of fun , they also show considerable emotional depth with songs like `` Live Forever '' and `` Slide Away . '' This is the other side of giving up your life for rock n roll
 Though not the second coming of the Fab Four , the talented brothers Gallagher built a strong career foundation with this well-made debut , featuring fan favorites `` Rock N ' Roll Star '' and `` Supersonic . '' This album 's songs , along with cuts from the superior follow-up -LRB- `` What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? , '' are still highly popular at concerts a decade later . `` Definitely Maybe '' is well worth the investment for both true-blue and sometimes Oasis fans .
 Although I like certain songs more on their later albums , Oasis shines on their debut `` Definitely Maybe '' . Many of the songs on this album rock , and have an alternative feel to them . There 's an energy here that Oasis does n't quite match in it 's latter efforts , and songs like `` Rock N ' Roll Star '' , `` Slide Away '' , `` Columbia '' and `` Live Forever '' are just to name a few of the catchy , pop-rock anthems that you 'll find on the album . This would be my pick for the definitive Oasis album .
 Oasis finally released their debut album `` Definitely Maybe '' in August of 1994 , and what a triumphant debut it is . Oasis had already been kicking around for a quite a while before this album came out -- terrific early songs such as the scorching `` Take Me '' and the hauntingly desperate `` Colour My Life '' remain officially unreleased although they 've been much bootlegged . Noel Gallagher worked painstakingly to get `` Definitely Maybe '' just right , reportedly having the band record the whole album three times due to dissatisfaction . Looking beyond all the hype , tabloid coverage , and so forth , `` Definitely Maybe '' is truly a superb and timeless album that deserved to be a smash hit , which it was . Much has been made of the derivative nature of Oasis ' music -- ` borrowing ' the T. Rex `` Bang A Gong '' riff for `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' ; ripping off that Coca-Cola jingle for `` Shakermaker '' -- but the thing is , this truly sounds like an album that should take the world by storm . The production here is phenomenal -- with crisp and booming drums , rich guitar tones , and Liam Gallagher 's frequently sneering vocals , song after song jumps out at you and captivates with a uniquely huge and bracing sound . Noel seems to be tapping into a variety of British influences , from the Beatles , Stones , Who , and Kinks , all the way through the likes of the Stone Roses , Happy Mondays , Spacemen 3 , and My Bloody Valentine . The music hall-flavored `` Digsy 's Diner '' and the album-closing acoustic ballad `` Married With Children '' are fun and enjoyable songs that mix things up a bit . As for the rest of the songs , each and every one is a gem . The contemplative `` Live Forever '' and the passionately yearning `` Slide Away '' are soaring rock ` ballads ' . `` Supersonic '' and the uptempo `` Bring It On Down '' are edgy rockers . `` Up In The Sky '' is a blissful , psychedelic-tinged feel-good song . `` Columbia '' is an infectious , relentlessly rocking groove-tune . `` Rock 'n' Roll Star '' and `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' are enthusiastic , celebratory rockers . `` Shakermaker '' , which does bear resemblance to the Beatles instrumental `` Flying '' , uncannily incorporates that Coca-Cola melody into a 12-bar blues format and adds a soaring bridge . Noel 's lead guitar work is terrific -- although his playing is n't technically virtuosic by any means , Noel is a master of ` serving the songs ' and knowing just what notes to play for maximum impact , plus having such great guitar tone does n't hurt -- just check out the extended song-ending solo on `` Bring It On Down '' , the blazing leads on `` Columbia '' , or the long fade on `` Slide Away '' for proof . Granted , there 's not a whole heck of a lot of variety here in terms of arrangement -- it 's pretty much guitars-cranked-up-to-11 on song after song -- but what a great sound.This Japanese release additionally sweetens the pot by adding two additional gems not on the standard UK & US releases -- `` Cloudburst '' blatantly rips off `` Standing Here '' by the Stone Roses , but it 's a great rocker anyway ; and `` Sad Song '' is a moving acoustic ballad sung by Noel . True , `` Cloudburst '' is also on the `` Live Forever '' UK CD single ; however , the version of `` Sad Song '' on the Japanese CD single of `` Do n't Go Away '' , although otherwise identical , has an unfortunate ` sudden ending ' -- the version here has a more proper and fitting ending making it preferrable.I think most serious music listeners have a handful or so of albums that had that ` life changing ' impact that marks a turning point of sorts in their lives -- `` Definitely Maybe '' definitely had that impact on me when I first bought and played it back in March of ' 95 , and it still sounds great all these years later . No doubt about it , `` Definitely Maybe '' is a must-have album .
 Junto al primero de los Beatles o The Stone Roses , este es realmente , uno de los mejores albumes debuts de todos los tiempos . Visceral , fren&eacute;tico y potente , melodioso y ruidoso , un disco fundamental.Right there with The Beatles or The Stone Roses debuts albums , Definitely Maybe is one of the best debuts of all times . Visceral , frantic and powerful , melodic and noisy , this is an indispensal cd .
 my ten year love affair with Oasis -LRB- and Noel Gallagher -RRB- ! All girlieness aside , I love this album as much as the first time I heard it . I 'll never forget the first time I ever heard `` Supersonic '' . I was driving in my car , listening to the radio ; thinking about how bad the music scene really was , and this song came on . Immediately , I knew I was listening to something really special and damn near cracked my car up in the process !! Now , that 's the sign of a great tune in my well-paid opinion ... This album was and still remains the fastest-selling debut album of all time in the UK . There 's a reason for that . `` Definitely Maybe '' is everything a great album should be . Great melodies , solid lyrics , stuff that stays in your brain for EONS ... throw in Liam 's snarl and Noel 's guitar ; a whole lot of arrogance and attitude , and you have `` Definitely Maybe '' . The whole album rocks , but the standout tracks are : Columbia -LRB- I still play this one all the time -RRB- Rock N ' Roll StarLive ForeverShakermakerSupersonicCigarettes and AlcoholSlide Away -LRB- one of Liam 's finest vocals , and the passion that comes out of Noel on `` Take me there , take me there , all I know is that you can take me there '' still blows me away -RRB- . Married With Children -LRB- A deceptive little ditty . It sounds like a quiet little acoustic number ; but if you listen closely to the lyrics , it 's a brilliant put-down of someone -RRB- . This album renewed my faith in rock music . I grew up on the great British rock of the 60 's and 70 's just like Noel did , and I never thought music was ever going to be that great again . Thank God I was wrong on that one ! I still think the American music scene is lacking -LRB- as an American , I 'm ashamed to say that -RRB- . I listen to mainly Brit bands -LRB- John Mayer is about the only exeception to the rule for me -RRB- . Noel understands what a melody is and uses it to it 's fullest extent.Oasis is still underrated here in the States . A pity really . Maybe someday people will come around to the band , with the release today of the `` Definitely Maybe '' DVD -LRB- which I ordered of course ! -RRB- , maybe a new generation will discover Oasis . I hope so , at least I can say I saw it all from the beginning -LRB- I 've seen them several times live , managed to get down front at a small venue in R.I. in 1995 , and they blew the roof off the place too ! -RRB- . Rock music will live as long Oasis is around . `` Definitely Maybe '' is proof of that , go get this album NOW . You do n't know what the hell you 're missing ...
 This was just their debut . Most of the good bands around mature , grow . Most of them get criticized for it . Why ? I do n't know - really - . This is the beggining of a great band , and like the band itself , it is amazing . No Beatles-remaking here
 This is a great CD from start to finish . Too many albums in the 1990 's featured one or two good songs , then a lot of garbage . Oasis ' first album is a great opening to a promising future . This CD has popular songs like Rock and Roll Star , Live Forever , Shakermaker , and Cigarettes and Alcohol , but songs Slide Away and Columbia might be the two best songs on this album . If you are collecting albums from the early 1990 's , this is definately one to have .
 What else is there to say ? Before all the commercial success , unnecessary hype and unhealthy agitation around the band , this little gem rocked my stereo . Much less Beatles-influenced than their second album this one is also much more electric , filled with Noel 's pentatonic solos , repetitive but fun , and cool seventies-sounding riffs . Anyhow , in my opinion , Oasis has n't been able to surpass this LP yet and probably wo n't ever be able to . Start your collection here .
 ` Definitely Maybe ' put Oasis on the map in terms of chart success and critical acclaim . However , a negative by-product was also produced , courtesy of the album 's exceptional quality
 This is Oasis ' first album release -LRB- jap . -RRB- and it 's a real rock and roll CD . It starts off big with `` Rock & Roll Star '' and it travels on a big road of rock through `` Shakermaker '' , `` Live Forever '' , and then it mellows out for a while with `` Sad Song '' a bonus track , and finally , some `` Supersonic '' , `` Slide Away '' , and finally the classic `` Married With Children '' . It show how Oasis has been a great band from the beginning .
 This was Oasis ' first album , and it 's right up there with Morning Glory as their greatest . How can you go wrong with such songs as `` Live Forever , '' `` Rock & Roll Star , '' `` Slide Away , '' and `` Up In The Sky ? '' I admit Oasis has n't been at the top of their game lately , but this is a testament as to how great they once were and , God willing , how great they 'll be again .
 While What 's The Story , Morning Glory is where I first really caught up with Oasis , I liked it so much I picked up a copy of Definitely Maybe . I may be in the minority on this , but I think it 's better than their later work . I do n't care about all the accusations of being derivative , what matters is that I ca n't remember the last time I heard a really great rock and roll album by someone from somewhere besides Seattle . This is it . `` Cigarettes & Alcohol '' , `` Shakermaker '' , and `` Supersonic '' are great songs and the whole album just sounds terrific . Play this CD as loud as possible .
 i do n't like oasis . their brand of pretty petulance annoys me for reasons that i honestly ca n't explain . i 've proudly dismissed their popularity and have remained faithfully not a fan . instead , many other brit pop acts have had my attention and dollars
 Oasis is my favorite band , and for a good reason too . I love every single song that Oasis has recorded , it just seems to be the band that fits me best . Even twelve years after its release , Oasis 's debut album Definitely Maybe still sounds magnificent . Many consider this album to be the finest debut album of all time , while personally I believe it to be the finest album of all time.Let me put my love for Oasis to good use in describing you the beauty of Definitely Maybe , my favorite Oasis album and my favorite album ever .1
 This never fails me if I 'm down in the dumps , a great mood raiser . Some of the greatest songs of the 90 's have a home on this record . Definitely one of the greatest albums of the 90 's .
 I was born in 1982 and Oasis is , in my opinion , the best band of my generation . Nirvana was inventive and genre-defining , and Green Day is cool if you 're into 16 year old girl in high school punk pop , but Oasis is actually a Rock and Roll band.I do n't dig the Creed , Nickelback , Staind nonsense . I do n't like rap . I do n't watch American Idol . I hate country . What can a poor boy do ? Find some real rock and roll.So if you 're giving this album a negative review , you 've either found a stash of outstanding albums that have come out in the past 12 years that I sure have n't heard , or you 're still spinning the same stuff you were 20 years ago.There 's a reason the people of the UK adore this album ; it 's amazing . The guitar work is fabulous , Liam 's singing is raunchy and rock and roll . The drum work is average at best , but so was Ringo 's , since everyone is hung up on the Beatle comparisons.Yes , this album was ranked over Sgt. Peppers and Revolver in the NME poll , which is a very bold statement , considering the importance of those albums . Oh well , thats just the opinion of a couple million people.I 'm just glad there 's people out there still listening to The Monkees . And I 'm glad there 's people out there bashing this album . I guess that 's the reason I like Oasis and this album so much .
 It 's hard pressed for me to think of another album that effortlessly captures the emotional rollercoaster of youth better than Oasis 's debut album . Here lurks evidence of the highs of youth , that feeling of energy , optimism , experimentation and invincibility that is ever-present within a young adult , embodied perfectly in songs like `` Live Forever '' , `` Columbia '' , Cigarettes & Alcohol '' , `` Rock and Roll Star '' . Also present are songs of a contradictory nature , showing a youngster 's frustration and uncertainty as to the way their lives are going to progress , such as `` Slide Away '' , `` Digsy 's Diner '' , and `` Married with Children '' . No matter your age , there is something about the raw energy of this album that makes you forget your daily strifes , age and past conquests ; taking you to a place where hope springs eternal . New listeners to Oasis , this is the place to start . Listen to a more honest Oasis , who are uncertain about their future and happy to be young . See them in a new light , before they became `` bigger than life '' -LRB- at least in their own minds -RRB- with the release of `` WTSMG '' and subsequent , less powerful efforts . In my opinion , this is how Oasis was meant to play , hard and fast , just how they lived -LRB- a style they did n't successfully recapture again until 2005 with `` Do n't Believe the Truth '' -RRB- .
 If you 're gon na buy an Oasis record or any for that matter , this is a great one to get . Every song is catchy as hell . Just great pop rock songs . Noel Gallagher is one of the best songwriters ever . Liam 's voice is awesome the whole way through , and you 'll find you ca n't get the songs out of your head . Slide Away is the song that grabbed my attention and made me want to purchase this album and become a bigger fan . What you 'll find is all their songs are good , and you 'll wonder what you 've been missing . All their albums are good .
 Phew ! What an experience . I was thirteen when this album was released in 1994 and on first listen my life was irrevocably changed . The aural equivalent of saturday night-sunday morning , Definitely Maybe is a classic from the very beginning . The opening ` Rock n'Roll Star ' sets the tone and from then on we are treated to brilliant songs like the amazing ` Live Forever ' , the raucous ` Cigarettes & Alcohol ' and the heart-breaking ` Slide Away ' . ` Colombia ' is the album in a nutshell . But the songs are not the only things that make this record great ; Liam 's fantastic ` imagi-nay-sheee-un ' and ` sunsheee-ine ' linguistics mark him out as the best vocalist since Kurt Cobain and with the aforementioned ` Live Forever ' and ` Slide Away ' , the proof that Noel Gallagher was a songwriter with talent to burn.Most probably due to Oasis ' own claims that they are ` better than the Beatles ' , some people 's views on this album seem to be nothing but comparisons to Sgt Pepper . This is ridiculous ! How could you compare ? Definitely Maybe sounds more like Slade , T-Rex and the Sex Pistols . Sure , the obvious influence is there in later stuff but not here . Of all sixties music , this is probably closer to the Stones or the Who.Today , it 's hard to remember the sheer , visceral thrill of first hearing Oasis . And it 's much harder to believe that after the release of follow-up album ... Morning Glory , you really could check the pulse of the nation with Oasis ' music . The incredible Knebworth shows -LRB- in which 2 million people applied for tickets -RRB- and the stratospheric hype of ` Be Here Now ' -LRB- the streets were lined with people eager to hear it on the day of it 's release -RRB- were the beginning of the decline . This is where it started . It 's not the Beatles . It 's not clever . It 's Just Rock n'Roll !
 ... bottom line , this is one of the finest rock n ' roll albums I 've ever heard . Noel Gallagher has put the blues back into hard rock like i 've never heard before , especially on Rhythm Guitar , which he wrote for them ... Of course Liam sounds cool , no one wants to go to a concert and here Noel sing ... so here it is , believe all the junk people say about Oasis over here , or be offended by these loudmouths , but let me tell you man , you are missing out on one of the best rock n ' roll records ever ... this is the best , flat out , rock out , who cares , rock n ' roll out there ... if you do n't like this album , go listen to hip hop or opera or some -LSB- thing else -RSB- ... this album is a rock n ' roll mecca ... not many disagree about Oasis ' first album , they were still raw , young , and edgy ... before they opened their mouths and said the funniest and rudest things i 've ever heard in public ... you got ta like these guys for just not caring ...
 There is not a lot to say , my mates.This one of the best debut albums ever.RocknRoll Star is a very good song , but I fooking like Live Forever , in my opinion the demo versionof this song is better.Supersonic , a fooking good one , too.All in all the the lads from manchestermade a fooking good album.Cheers ! Stevie
 Wow , when I first heard this album , it changed my outlook on music forever ! The rocking melodies and lyrics on this album are what make it good . This album rivals Be Here Now with it 's greatness . OASIS ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!
 Definetly Maybe is the best Beatles sounding album that Oasis has ever released . Probably the best lyrics that Noel ever wrote -LRB- aside from Do n't Go Away , and Champagne Supernova -RRB- . If you dont mind goofy lyrics with simple , distorted guitar , this is a great CD to add to a collection .
 oasis is a good band . they made a large coming of brit-rock in the mid-90 's . live forever is my favourite song on the album . i think oasis should be credited for their great music .
 Want to rock 'n roll all night and party every day ? Then this album is a must for your stereo . And even though the lyrics to `` Digsy 's Dinner '' can be pretty silly , the catchy tune will grow on you .
 The best rock 'n' roll CD of the 90s . Instant classics
 Everything after this was relatively bland . But you have to appreciate the rock arrogance of this album . Even the ballads have a bite . And you can dance to `` Columbia '' all night long . If you hated their later stuff , you probably wo n't be reading this , but you should like this album anyway .
 I went to Australlia at christmas last year and brought a vinal of this album and it has a marvelous song called ` sad song ` which was not included on the CD and if anybody else has heard it they will hopefully agree with me on saying this . Oasis rule !!!
 Slide Away , Supersonic , and Live Forever are some of the best songs ever . but that 's not suprising , since Oasis is one of the best bands in the world ! I mean , Noel is a genius , Liam 's voice is beautiful and Bonehead , Whitey and Guigsy are amazing . If you buy this CD , you 're gon na have the best time of your life .
 It ' a amazing if Noel Gallagher has ever had a good nights sleep after he made this . He must know in his heart of hearts that nothing they 've done has come close to matching it .
 British music is dead ? I do n't think so . Any band that can produce a debut album of this style and quality deserves all the awards that the music industry can throw at them . The one thing that stands out in this album is the attitude . This , mixed with Liam 's vocals and Noel 's guitar playing make for one of the greatest debut albums ever written and one that is going to be talked about for a long time to come !
 I have recently bought Oasis 's Definitely Maybe album as a DUAL-CD , where one side of the CD is the album and the other side is a DVD . The DVD stuff is pretty cool and hilarious at times , especially with this one crazy British guy , who keeps on flipping-out during the interviews . Definitely Maybe is a great album to own , but you know ... I always had one problem with it and that is the recording quality itself . The album just sounds muffled ! I ca n't believe recordings from the early 90 's already sound a bit primitive now a days , even though they are on CD 's . I began to notice this with a lot of my albums from the early and mid 90 's . Although , I think Definitely Maybe was recorder with a style/techniques that makes it sound even more muffled . Oh well , it 's still a great album and most DEFINITELY Oasis 's best .
 I got hooked on the song `` Live Forever '' straight away when I heard it back in 1994 , so I bought the album hoping to find more songs like it . Well , it was quickly apparent that I would n't be disappointed ! I was , and still am , totally into each powerhouse of a song on this CD . Noel Gallagher 's confidence driven lyrics coupled with Liam 's arrogant vocal delivery and a pounding , heavy sound make up the Oasis formula for song writing . Though they stick to this obviously successful formula , the disc does n't present itself as samey . Each song is an entity of its own.The Beatles influence is evident in the lyrics , but musically I think they sound more like the Rolling Stones . But , to be completely accurate , they sound like , well , Oasis . Not particularly helpful I know , but give this CD and their latter ones a listen and you will know what I mean.Live Forever , Shakermaker , Up In The Sky , Supersonic , Cigarettes & Alcohol , and Slide Away are probably the tracks that are the strongest and most addictive , but I like all of the tracks.For anyone contemplating buying an Oasis CD for the first time , I would recommend this one . It may be their first , but I think it is their finest . It certainly seems to contain the most tracks that sound like they could have been singles.Oasis may not have made it in a big way here in the US , but they are massively successful all the same . Give them a listen and see why !
 Oasis is n't one of my favorite bands . I think that the drugs made them lose the magic touch , or mabey Definitely Mabey was just too good . This album is what rock should exist as today . New bands should follow this example of good music . I loved `` What 's The Story , Morning Glory ? '' a lot , but then I got Definitely Mabey and was blown away by it . I would list the best songs on this CD , but every song would tie for first place . This is one of my favorite CD 's ever . It 's just so damn good .
 Excellent A masterpieceSupersonic , Cigarrettes & Alcohol , Rock and Roll Star , Shakermaker , Slide away and obviously Live Forever are still going to be listened 30 years from now `` I need to be myself I ca n`t be no one else '' `` You and I are going to live forever `` Best band of the 90 ` sLa mejor banda de los 90 's le pese a quien le pese
 So what if Oasis are no good now ? In 1994 -LRB- has it leen that long ?? -RRB- they loaded , locked and rocked all over the world on their debut.The album opens with `` Rock N Roll Star , '' a ballsy rocker that is all throttle , and it never lets up . `` Live Forever '' was the lead single from the album and it 's easy to hear why . The vocal melody is sweeter than cotton candy , while the music is both soaring -LRB- in the chorus -RRB- and rocking -LRB- in the closing 1:30 . -RRB- The sneering vocals on `` Cigarettes and Alcohol '' are teriffic . `` Digsy 's Diner '' swaggers with a fuzzed guitar and jazzy piano and the balladeering on `` Slide Away '' offers brief respite from the all-out rocking taking place around it.This album is available in used stores throughout the country , making sure that you have no excuse for not owning this CD . To paraphrase Nike , `` Just Buy It . ''
 Okay this CD is back when Oasis was just one of those dumb bands struggling to keep up . But it 's the best Oasis CD ever -LRB- not mentioning -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory -RRB- ! 1 . ROCK 'N' ROLL STAR-An awesome song with great vocals and great guitar .2 . SHAKERMAKER-An extremely rhythmic song . But my only complaint is that Liam -LRB- the lead vocalist -RRB- keeps repeating the words `` Shake along with me '' over & over3 . LIVE FOREVER-My 1st favorite with hand drumming and lyrics both soft and rocky at the same time .4 . UP IN THE SKY-A good song nothing really like it . But Liam get 's a little high pitched with his singing .5 . COLUMBIA-It 's guitar get 's pretty loud at times but with a chorus worth remembering .6 . SUPERSONIC-My 2nd favorite song on the album . It has cool guitar work . And is just an awesome song .7 . BRING IT ON DOWN-See `` Columbia `` 8 . CIGARETTES & ALCOHOL-A classic `` Definitely Maybe '' song with a resemblence to `` Columbia '' and `` Supersonic '' .9 . DIGSY 'S DINER-See `` Columbia '' and `` Bring It On Down '' .10 . SLIDE AWAY-A great song that basically repeats `` Let me be the one who shines with you '' and `` Why do n't you slide away '' .11 . MARRIED WITH CHILDREN-A melancholy divorce song with awesome acoustic . -LRB- A great way to finish off a pop/rock album -RRB- .
 Next to Guns n ' Roses `` Appetitite For Destruction '' , one of the greatest debut rock albums.Killer songs with magnificent guitar riffs.It is like the Sex Pistols mixed with the Beatles .
 In my opinion this album is superb . But for those who have doubts about Oasis , I tell you this
 this . is . a. great . album . astounding , when you realise that this is their debut effort . this is one rocking album and i ca n't say there 's anything that i do n't like in it . songs like ` live forever ' , ` supersonic ' and ` cigarette and alcohol ' are just about the perfect songs to drive to ... they are full of chords and stuff , and i personally find that oasis music are the most beautiful of the brit bands . i also fancy ` married with children ' , a slow track and sounds like their later songs ` cast no shadow ' , wonderwall ' etc. unfortunate that this album are generally overlooked and overshadowed by their 2nd release -LRB- what 's the story -RRB- morning glory and that 's a shame . there are surprisingly a lot of strong tracks here , including the above mentioned , as well as ` supersonic ' , ` shakermaker ' , and ` columbia ' . the other tracks also complement the general feeling of rock 'n' roll ' - ness of the album . an excellent debut and to miss this would be a great shame indeed .
 Up until 2005 - this album has stood as the quintessetial Oasis CD . The songs are solid throughout and delivered with a very real swagger . This CD announced that straight ahead rock was still a viable music form just when rap and grunge and rap/metal seemed poised to make `` regular '' rock n roll disappear forever . The Gallaghers are characters and their sniping at other bands through the years has been entertaining -LRB- and most times they are right -RRB- . You got ta love the `` who gives a @ # $ % ! '' attitude from these guys.This cd is loaded with great songs , live forever , supersonic , up in the sky being the highlights . What 's the Story is a bit more Beatlesque than this one , but this cd certainly gives its fair share of homage to the fab 4 , the who , the stones and the rest of the original British Invasion .
 Oasis has gone from biggest to less , competed with Blur , and fought a lot . Before all that though Oasis started with `` Definitely Maybe '' , a strong debut for a strong band.One reason for this is that Oasis , probably more then any band at the time , tied themselves either musically or lyrically to the Beatles . Comparisons can be made , but Oasis draws it out probably past deserved , but this is a bit deserved.Then again , Oasis also was able to pull out , what I believe Blur could not on their debut , a couple of good , strong singles . Specifically , those would be Supersonic and Live Forever . Because with these Oasis made some strong instrumental waves , but also preceded many favorites from `` What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- '' . Easy enough Oasis shot out of the gates bringing British rock to the forefront , and they could not have done it without the work done on `` Definitely Maybe '' .
 Name one f*ck in band better than OASIS !!! You ca n't - you just ca n't !!! No ones got attitude like them , no ones got songs like them , no one can f*ck in touch them.BEST BAND IN THE WORLD , and best album in the world to be released so far - ever !! Its their firstAre you dissagreeing with me?Pink Floyd ? - Boring , The Beatles - Old , Radiohead - hah !
 product came in designated time and was in excellent condition . Highly recommend this seller to anyone !
 This `` Best of '' CD offers a nice sampling of Corvus Corax 's music . It is an energetic jump into the Medieval or Reniassance period with some muscle . Men chanting ... who are n't monks . I 'll leave it at that.There is also a good -LRB- live -RRB- version of `` Saltarello '' included.If you are a fan of `` Dead Can Dance '' this music will be in like kind but on speed . If you do n't know `` Dead Can Dance '' , for Heaven 's sake , go look them up !
 This is a great CD to have if you take any interest in medieval music .
 i just started to get inot this style of music and bought this on a okay give it a shot chance . I was not disappionted at all . this is great music with a real style to it ~ it is different so make sure you are inot this style but i will be buying more from this group thats for sure . !!!!!
 I saw them a the Pa Ren Faire and I immediately loved them . They have such a cool sound . I bought this CD at the Faire and while I have yet to finish listening to it I absolutely love it . I 'm gon na take it into my German teacher and see if I can get her to play it . They are German after all . ^_^
 this is an excellent collection of < a href = ` http://consumeralertsystem.com/cas/zx-hclick.php?hid=268' target = ' _ blank ' > music < / a > from the past 15 years of the german medieval band 's career . the blend of recovered oral traditions with a hint of modern stylings is just the right thing to listen to after a long day . even fans of celtic < a href = ` http://consumeralertsystem.com/cas/zx-hclick.php?hid=268' target = ' _ blank ' > music < / a > i ubelieve would enjoy this cd because of its incorporation of the bagpipes -LRB- or ` dudlesak ' in german . -RRB- do n't miss these guys at their first american show at the PA RenFaire .
 A friend exposed me to Corvus Corax several years ago . It was such an interesting mix of music . It does n't really fit into any specific genre , but if you like what you hear on samples of them online - this is definitely worth purchasing .
 Orgasmic on the ears ! Combined , these men folk are the male version of a Siren so steer your ship towards shore and be washed up , in , and through with this alluring music ! Incredible beats with drums and pipes !
 If you are new to Corvus Corax , this is an excellent compilation cd to add to your music collection . In addition , expose yourself to some of their excellent concert dvd recordings . The combined audio and visual is awesome .
 Damn good for moving the soul . This album releases the wild in you and makes you want to get up and move !
 Medieval troubadors with a twist of KISS . The melodies and songs presented in this album are atemporal , and the treatment given them is great . Beware , however , that music of this kind is an acquired taste.Do not miss their live shows if you have the chance .
 I love what these guys do . You 've never heard anything like these guys before . They are referred to as `` Mideval Metal '' because this type of music was the underground music of that time . Lots of drums and bagpipe .
 I never heard anything like this before . I was intrigued by the album cover when I saw this CD for sale at a local renaissance fair near my area . I saw the strange cast of characters all dressed up so I made a note of the artist and later checked out a few Youtube videos . I was BLOWN AWAY ! I am a fan of Irish music with the bagpipes and all , but this brings so much more than I 've ever experienced with anything Irish . This German-based band introduces deep pounding bass from their variety of giant drums . Coupled with their 5 bagpipers , and other unique acoustic instruments , I was watching the videos available on youtube repeatedly . The sounds made me wish I could be there experiencing this band live , because I cant imagine seeing any other band and spending as much energy dancing as what Crovus Corax inspires.It 's unfortunate that Ill probably never get the chance to see them live - at least not while living in Wisconsin . No band should be allowed to rock this hard and sound so good and not be as popular in the States . Hopefully , word spreads . I ca n't wait to turn my sound system up and listen to this album again ! Maybe someone will ask what it is and get hooked as well .
 AWESOME . Home-made instruments and all . Take the Wicked Tinkers into the battlefield to whip up the boys and girls with thrilling dances and tunes , and you have a group that makes your local bag pipe players look like they 're playing in a sand box .
 i have been a fan of Corvus Corax for some time now and the news of this , their first US release , had me ecstatic!this `` best of '' compilation is a splendid mix of some of the finest songs from the `` K&ouml;nige der Spielleute . `` for those who have never heard it , this is a great introduction to their music ... and for those who are already familiar with Corvus Corax , it is a great addition to your cd collection as well!the addition of the live concert footage of `` Chou Chou Sheng '' is an added bonus , as Corvus Corax gives visually , as well as musically , spectacular live performances!all in all , this compilation cd will not disappoint ! i HIGHLY recommend purchasing it !!
 Great fast medieval beat - if you are familiar with Wolgemut you will really like this band - they have a BIG sound with the drums and the intertwining pipes - The pipes are much more German sounding than Scottish pipes - Saltarello really lets you know that this is a band to be experienced live ! - Looking forward to getting the chance to see these guys live in October 2005 ? Carmina-Burana www.carmina-burana.net is a projekt that they are working on with a 50 piece orchestra that should just rock ! I am going to be trying their Tanswut material that is medieval influenced with guitar material interjected . I also understand that they have some influence on a band called Subway to Sally that I need to check out as well.Lord Helmut von Rheineck
 Having followed this band 's European success for more than a decade , I am thrilled that we finally have access to the music in the United States via Noir Records.The essence
 About the Band : Corvus Corax , whos name means raven , is a German medieval band formed in the late 1980s that is best known for their reliance on traditional instruments and interestingly enough appearance ! Most of their songs feature extensive bagpipe and drums . Considering themselves street minstrels of old , Corvus Corax are known to make secret unannounced appearances at European music festivals such as Germany 's annual Wave-Gotik-Treffen , where they have always been a fan favorite.About the Album : This is a best of album , and as such it really is the best way to introduce people not only to Corvus Corax , but also the medieval genre of music . Though popular in gothic and industrial music scenes in which electronic music is usually a staple , this album focuses on traditional instruments and vox . Fans of folk and medieval -LRB- think Renaissance Faire -RRB- music or general fantasy atmospheres will love this album.Recommended Tracks : - Avanti - Ballade de Mercy - Douce Dame Joliet - Mille Anni Passi Sunt - Filii NeidhardiOne note on the Ballade de Mercy ... though the song is `` work-safe '' in the United States due to language barrier issues , the old French lyrics are not only silly , but a bit risqu&eacute; -LRB- in an extremely good way , I assure you - I ca n't help but laugh and sing along -RRB- . I 've bought this album twice from amazon ! The first time for myself , and the second time for a friend of mine who tends to listen to 80s pop music and Spanish music . She loved this album , and normally she finds my taste in music to be too `` dark '' . Corvus Corax are not dark , but just pure fun . I honestly think anybody who enjoys the `` feel-good '' that accompanies fast paced festival music will instantly fall in love with Corvus Corax.For years they were a European secret , but within a year of performing in Pennsylvania -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , more of their albums are starting to make their way to North America . Similarly , they are now being talked about more at clubs . This album will illustrate the growing interest in this bad . I honestly have a hard time not wanting to smile , stomp , and dance any time I hear these crazy minstrels.Similar Artists : - Estampie - In Extremo - Qntal
 I live in Pennsylvania and I recently saw Corvus Corax play at the PA Ren . Fair . I was quickly in love with this bands music . I bought this cd at their show and it has quickly become one of my favorites . I love rare and uncommon music and this one sure pleased me . It amazes me how dedicated this band is and how each song sounds a bit differnt then the last . This is a great cd for anyone who likes music that is a bit differnt then everything else .
 Finally this wonderful band is available in the US ! I 've been a fan for several years , and absolutely LOVE the rhythms and melodic adventures Corvus Corax has in store for their listeners . This CD has a few of their best offerings , but how they picked just these is beyond me . I have n't heard anything I did n't like . Add to the music the fact that they have researched the medieval instruments -LRB- all 50 + are handmade -RRB- , and they have also designed their own adaptation of minstrels ' costumes - and you have a group committed to being as authentic as possible -- without ever being boring or passe . Leave it to the Germans to show the world that the traditions and cultures of the distant past have much to offer the modern world . And the way these men play , the pounding rhythms and melodious bagpipes are perfectly at home at either a medieval faire , or on a modern concert stage .
 While this band has been around for more than 10 years , I just discovered them this past weekend when we went to see them at the PA Renaissance Faire . Thanks to my daughter -LRB- who had heard their music before -RRB- , we now have a new addition to our CD collection . I liked them so much that I went on Ebay and bought as many of their older CDs as I could find . We 've already listened to this CD every day this week . They were amazing to watch and really love playing . I just wish they would come back to the US more often ! Until then , this CD is well worth the buy .
 I was forunate to see Corvus Corax appear at the Pennsylvania Renaissance Fair , earlier this year . I really enjoyed their performance . Sometimes live music is more enchanting than listening to a CD in your car . That is NOT the case with this CD . It is absolutely captivating . I love the medieval flavor of this music . The vocals are used as an instrument in and of themselves , too . The music of Corvus Corax is timeless ! It will be just a wonderful , 10 years down the line . I highly recommend it .
 A super CD ! If your interested in medieval music , this is a perfect example . I can think of no other band that is so dedicated to bringing the best and most researched of such music to our ears.I finally found a website in English that gives detailed information of this band . It can be found at
 A perfect blend of medieval/ren faire hard/soft music . Ditto to the other reviews . Thank goodness I can listen through my i-pod otherwise this cd might be thrashed by now ! On live the warriors !
 Most people seem to think that medieval music was all Gregorian chants and Dark Ages gloom . Not so - we humans have always liked fast-moving music with a strong beat , and Corvus Corax is the hardest-rocking band in the whole walled village ! It 's definitely -LRB- mostly -RRB- medieval , but it 'll get you up and dancing - at least if your style of dancing involves heavy boots -LRB- or maybe bare feet -RRB- and occasional rhythmic stomping.The only drawback I could find to this album is that it 's a ` Best of , ' and so lacks a coherent feel or theme ; the tracks are kind of all over the place . On the other hand , if you 're not familiar with the band , this is the perfect introduction . Even if you think you hate bagpipes - in fact , * especially * if you think you hate bagpipes - you should give Corvus Corax a listen .
 this is one of my favorite cd 's hes like nobody ive ever heared before and thats what i like about him and not alot of people no abot him . like jarule evrybody knoes about him and he sucks a # @ . so if you like to be different and like good music i recomened you buy this cd its the shiznit jk
 Another favourite of mine -LRB- see review of Attack & Release -RRB- , more rock with a touch of blues . My fav kind of music . This one really gets me through heavy traffic ! Tune in and tune out to the road rage . It 's heart-pumping , foot stomping get up and boogie kind of music ! Puts a smile on my face even in the heaviest traffic . I 'm totally happy and chilled when listening to the Black Keys . One ca n't but help loving `` Countdown '' , `` Yearnin ' '' . But again , all the numbers are excellent . Unlike some groups , when you 've heard one song , you 've heard them all . I would put a big sticker on these albums
 This is their 1st album . Stripped down bare bones blues rock at its finest . Love these guys , would recommend you buy all their albums , like I did . ` Brothers ' is my favorite .
 A good solid early album by the Keys infused with dirty blues and gritty rock.The grooves are all there so whats there to dislike?Get it only if you like raw blues/rock .
 This is by far my favorite album by the Black Keys , although I am not sure there is really a bad one . If you like bluesy rock you will really enjoy this band in my opinion . If you found out about the Black Keys later on , this album is an amazing addition to you collection ! My favorite song is Countdown , but they are all really amazing ! Really great band ! And as of 5/2010 the album is nicely priced on Amazon
 The first album by one of my favorite bands is also one of their best -- it defined their scuzzy basement sound , features the most straight ahead blues of their entire catalog -- and oh yeah , it rocks .
 This CD has one of the best versions of Sleepy John Estes classic `` Leavin ' Trunk '' . My goodness , the song is almost tailor made for Dan Auerbachs tormented , distorted vocals.This is one of the most talented young bands around . They 've succeeded with a sound that 's all their own and with minimal equipment . I wish them every success .
 The Black Keys are my favorite band that is still together and making new albums regularly . One of my good friends turned me on to them when we were recommending music to each other . I recommended Ten Years After , and he told me to check out the black keys . Thanks John!These guys from Akron -LRB- just a quick jog from here in Cleveland -RRB- are adding to the blues . The people that say they rip off the classic blues guys are dead wrong . The Black Keys do n't try to be Muddy Waters , Robert Johnson or even groups like Cream . They are playing their own blues . All of their songs are fresh , interesting and exciting . Do n't take my 4 stars as a slight , I just reserve the ranking of 5 for the best of the best.The only thing I have against this disc is the 20 odd minutes of silence after the last track , which artifically increases the official album length . It 's not a big deal though , overall a great album .
 I LOVE THIS ALBUM ! it 's hard for me to understand how the record industry has overlooked this recording . while the nominees for the 2003 grammy awards is filled with unworthy candidates -LRB- ie brittany spears , nelly , nickelback ... -RRB- the black keys do n't even get on the radio . The album is very blues infuenced but with a garage band touch . It does n't do the album any justice to explain what it sounds like , so if you like great rock music by this album now .
 These guys definitely have it . No joke . I 've heard a lot of modern `` blues '' bands that are really really bad . Usually bands like this genuinely love blues music and want to play some blues themselves . You see them on-stage and they 're going thru the motions and you can admire them for being so passionate about really bad songs , but you leave completely unsatisfied . This album is everything I could wish for from a modern blues bands . You will not be disappointed .
 For me , the 5 star review means that the CD is not only great , but beyond anything I expected when I purchased it . I thought the Black Keys seemed like two 20somethings trying to catch the wake of the White Stripes -- I was wrong . This is a serious CD worth both your time and your money . To highlight a specific track would risk me sounding as if the others are not equal . There is absolutely no filler on this album , eliminating any of the `` gimmicky '' taglines that inevitably follow such an endeavor .
 I know I 'm really behind in my music listening . There is absolutely no comparison to The White Stripes . I listened to The White Stripes second album , `` De Stijl '' and honestly was n't surprised that it was complete crap . The Black Keys have soul on their side and the guitar riffs are insane . This CD is gritty , bluesy heaven . It will stay on repeat in my cd player as well as my ipod .
 hello hello , this is my very first review of anything on this website , so please be kind . that being said , on with the show ... this is a wonderful cd to listen to . the whole sound of it just draws me . my only gripe is how short most of these songs are . other than that , very very good stuff .
 I 'm writing this as a review of the physical aspects of the vinyl record , not necessarily the music . As a vinyl buyer I find it difficult to judge a record before buying since so many of the reviews are about MP3s or CDs . I expect that you have probably already formed an opinion of the music either by listening to it or reading other reviews.This record is awesome ! Apart from the great music it is also a very good pressing . The record is 180 grams , 100 % wobble free and the label is well-centered with no tears . I can not stress how good this record is.The sleeve is just average . It is well-constructed but it 's not particularly interesting looking.Five stars because every LP should be this perfect . I hate getting a record that wobbles or has edge warp .
 Butt shaking music . If you like bluesy rock you 'll love this . Not as refined as there 3rd Cd , much more primitive . Drums and guitar . Play it loud .
 So much fun to play ! The black key 's first album is true blues and full of soul . and it 's a limited edition 180 gram vinyl .
 One of the best rock bands out there , definitely look into their stuff if you like rock music . This duo from Ohio have a great sound . Improving vocals combined with a great sounding guitar and a drummer that pounds on the drums make this a must listen group . I own all of their albums , and while this is not my favorite album of theirs , it is still good quality stuff for sure .
 ok , their first album is the best . you kind of have to have a particular taste for the black keys
 Love this group ... Love this song by this group ... became a big fan of theirs , everything on the album is great and they have a few songs that are really awesome , this is one .
 Great album , great band . Who does n't like the Black Keys ? Get all of their albums , you wo n't regret it ! 5 star , no doubt !
 Take a big chunk of blues rock , throw it in a sack with some Cream-era Eric Clapton , a bit of Jimi Hendrix , a pinch of Stevie Ray Vaughn and a hint of Creedence . Shake vigorously , deep fry until extra-crunchy . Akron , Ohio duo The Black Keys followed just this recipe for their minimalist debut album , with results that are nothing short of amazing.Guitarist / vocalist Dan Auerbach 's fingers canter up and down blues scales with ease , and his fuzz dial is obviously set to `` 11 '' . His sandpapery pipes sound as if he 's guzzled whisky and puffed filterless Camels for far longer than his 20-some-odd years would allow . This guy has no business be able to sing like this.Auerbach is perfectly complemented by Patrick Carney 's enthusiastic pounding of the skins , which is never , ever relegated to just providing a background beat . As producer , Carney is also largely to thank for the Keys 's distinctive gritty bootleg sound that sounds as if you 're spinning a dusty 45 unearthed in the back of some record shop.The pair come barreling out of the gate with the very first track , `` Busted '' , an energetic number that immediately gives notice to listeners that this band is about scorching , unapologetic blues.From there , they move into the down-and dirty `` Do the Rump '' and on to the slightly Creedence-ish `` I 'll Be Your Man . '' A few tracks later is another straight-up blues song , `` Run Me Down '' , which leads into `` Leavin ' Trunk '' , an incredible song that sounds like it could have been an undiscovered Cream gem . Then it 's into the ultra-fuzzed out `` Heavy Soul '' . Their cover of The Beatles ' `` She Said She Said '' is nothing short of amazing . It is the perfect cover -- reimagining a classic while remaining true to its heart and soul.The album wraps up with `` Brooklyn Bound '' , another masterful blues rock number that sounds like something you only hear on classic radio stations at like 2:00 a.m. Actually this is technically the second-to-last song , but the real last song , `` 240 Years Before Your Time '' is just 4 minutes of slow , dreamy electric guitar noodling followed by 20 minutes of silence . I hate these kind of filler tracks , and thankfully it 's a mistake the Keys did n't repeat in their next two albums.There are several songs I did n't mention , but not because they are in any way bad . Indeed , there 's not a shoddy number on the album -LRB- except the last pseudo-song '' -RRB- . You definitely get your money 's worth with these tunes . The Black Keys are definitely one of the most significant recent music finds for this die-hard blues and classic rock fan . I thought they did n't make music like this any more . I 'm glad I was wrong .
 Words can not express how great this disc is or how great The Black Keys are . The Big Come Up is rooted firmly in the hypnotic North Missippi hill country blues brought to attention by RL Burnside and Junior Kimbrough . This disc is proof positive that blues music , REAL blues music , knows no color or geography . It does n't matter who you are or where you 're from , If you get it ... YOU GET IT !!!!!!!!!! Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney HAVE IT . The playing , and more importantly , feeling are 100 % genuine . Singer/guitarist Dan Auerbach does n't play many solos and is n't concerned with technical brilliance or how fast he can play or how many scales he knows . He does n't consider himself ` the midpoint between Stevie Ray Vaughan and Jimi Hendrix ' -LRB- as one popular blues wanker once stated -RRB- . Real blues musicians know style , `` THEIR '' style , is more important than mindless aping and idol worship . Dan 's style echoes many great bluesmen but comes out all HIS . I can think of no greater compliment to pay a blues artist . Drummer Patrick Carney concentrates on rythmic FORCE . At one time , that 's how blues players ACTUALLY played . No kidding.To sum up
 The Black keys are a two piece outfit that not only take inspiration from Blues artists such as ` R.L Burnside ' , ` Howlin Wolf ' , and the rock stylisation of ` Hendrix ' & a little bit of funk , they 've created a deceptively powerful album that deserves a truly wider audience . Dan Auerbach -LRB- guitar -RRB- is something of a revelation , coaxing huge bursts of Southern Blues Guitar groove that takes in elements of Funk , soul and more importantly Garage-rock , but undoubtedly it 's mainstay is tightly woven blues that remain authentic , but by having a handle on these other genres -LRB- Funk , Soul ... etc -RRB- they avoid repetition and Blues clich&eacute;s , and stand out as individual artists in their own right . If you liked the ` White Stripes ' -LRB- yes , I know virtually every reviewer here has mentioned them -RRB- , then think of this a grittier , more authentic integration of Blues into their two piece sound , and thus maybe not as immediate accessible as the White Stripes . If anything it 's in some ways closer to `` The John Spencer Blues Explosion 's '' more groove laden moments . But either way this is a superbly executed album that feels way more competent than any short sighted ` White Stripes ' comparisons , and if you like your Blues passionate , Energetic , Fiery , Smart and above all organic , the Black Keys have delivered an album that 's going to be hard to beat .
 The Big Come Up is it . The Keys ' first LP , and some say their best . They combine garage rock and hardcore blues for a sound that just resonates with ache . With absolutely no image , the Black Keys , obviously not doing it for the money , just play all of themselves into the music that we hear , and there is n't one single song on this album that does n't show it . Words ca n't even describe the feeling that goes over me when I hear this music . I fall into another dimension , float away from my suburban youth self , and fall into bluesy-rock . I had this album in my CD player for more than a month and could n't stop listening to it . -LRB- I bought several albums that month that did n't recieve very much playtime . -RRB- The Keys just have this effect on you . This is a must have for anyone who listens to ... well , music . If you do n't own it already , I would probably give you the money right out of my wallet so you could buy it . It 's just that good . -LRB- And try to get any other rock duos out of your head . The Black Keys have absolutely nothing to do with them . They do n't look like them . They do n't sound like them . Why ? Because they are The Black Keys . -RRB-
 Ok seriously folks , friends of mine turned me onto this stuff and this CD -LRB- The Big Come Up -RRB- is the greatest thing I 've heard yet ! I ca n't tell you what an unbelievable mix of blues/garage rock it is , even if you 're not totally into that genre-I promise you WILL NOT be disappointed . This never leaves my cd player and my friends all play this at their parties -LRB- at NYU -RRB- . The guitar and drumming beats are so raw and rough which is fantastic and is a great and perfect complement to Dan 's smooth strong voice . Play this cd from beginning to end and you 'll swear by it . The song `` I 'll Be Your Man '' has Dan swooning you over making you believe he is singing right to you , but fret not you rockers because `` The Breaks '' will move you and groove you . These two hip guys know how to do things right and I ca n't wait for them to come to NYC !! Hear they are awesome live and I 'm sure it helps that they are as attractive as they are talented ! I say goodbye to MTV ... and hello to The Black Keys !
 OK , I 'm biased . I dig the hell out of this group and bemoan the fact I live in coastal carolina , as I 'll probably never get the chance to see them play live . This was the first thing I picked up by them and I ai n't looked back ! These dudes got the blues ! Yeah ! As far as these kindsa things go - what you 're lookin at here
 This is what rock and roll is all about . 2 kids in a basement , bang 'n away , ... . All great american music is african-american based , and this is no exception . The roots show , but they do n't get tangled up in them . These are n't wannabes or pretenders . They hear the same thing that Elvis , Mick Jagger and Jimi Hendrix heard ; the raw passion of the blues , and they use it to construct a language that we have n't heard in 40 years
 If you 're at all remotely a fan of the White Stripes , you will absolutely LOVE the Black Keys . This band puts the `` Rock '' back in rock n roll . Set amidst this resurgence of garage rock , the Black Keys sets themselves apart by bringing a tight blues edge to their music . Even more so , this duo of guitar and drums create an enormous sound that would blow any 4 to 5 piece rock band clearly out of the water.I 'm not much of a White Stripes fan , the percussion is loose and over simplified , I find the guitar and melody to be a bit hollow . So , if you 're at all mildly impressed with the White Stripes , but not completely convinced , give the Black Keys a `` go '' and they 'll win you over full-force .
 There is so much to like about this album . It is certainly very different from everything else out there , yet it is still highly accessible . The tracks are quite catchy - all of my friends loved the album the first time they heard it . My favorite trait , though , is the Lo-fi imperfection of their sound . So much of what is out there is so severely polished by the time it hits the CD that the `` life '' of the music is filtered out . This album is different . It is raw , it is unpolished , and it is beautiful .
 this is by far the best album I 've heard in some time , I 'm talking four or five years . As has already been written , every song is fantastic , not one disappointment . I got a chance to see them live a few days ago and I would recommend you sell your kidneys if need be to see them . They looked beat down from the road and I had my concerns about their enthusiasm . However , from the first guitar licks , they kicked ... Hands down the best show I 've seen in my 30 years on this earth . what I ca n't fathom is this on-going comparison to the white stripes . The only similarity is the number of people in the band . Check this album out and definitely buy the follow-up , `` Thickfreakness '' upon its arrival on April 8th .
 hi all i want to say i like the black keys the 1st time i heard them was on punk-0-rama 8 which is a good cd also so anyways the black keys were on that cd and ever since then ive been wanting to hear more and more of there music its a mix of classical rock thing and blues and kinda the whole hendix thing the black keys were inspierd by led zephlin sooo thats all i have to say oh yeah i like white stripes there a good band too
 first off those of you who compare the black keys and the white stripes are jackasses . The black keys play the blues , the white stripes play crap ... end of story . If you dig the black keys as you ought to , check out t-model ford , junior kimbrough , and paul jones . dan covers some of juniors songs and borrows a riff or two from t-model , all for good reason .
 They Rock . All killer with no filler .
 in your review you said we should all start listening to `` music . `` the you started bitching about the black keys being compared to the white stripes and how the white stripes play blues and only u know that because YOU listen to `` MUSIC . '' the two bands should not be compared because they are completely different sounds . you see there are different types of blues and there is a difference between playing the blues and being influenced by the blues but im sure you know that because you listne to `` music '' unlike the rest of us
 i wish the guys from the black keys would slap you all , but they do n't cuz they do n't give crap about anything you say in fact they hate you cuz i know everything and you do n't . shut up .
 My first foray into the The Black Keys wo n't be my last . Unlike all the pretenders out there -LRB- North Mississippi Allstars come to mind -RRB- these guys are the REAL DEAL . I have well over a hundred blues CDs & this one jumps right into the top 15 % of that stack . Love the `` Do The Rump '' cover ; Junior Kimbrough would 've been proud . I 'm not sure how you follow up a debut like this , but I 'm going to find out real soon . Send the wife & kiddies out shopping , then crank this up like you were still in college - this ai n't no ear-bud music , this is big speaker , glass rattlin ' stuff .
 Great raw punchy Blues and R&B cuts . Old school recording style only enhances the sound these guys create . As far as I know nobody is recording stuff like this other than the Black Keys today . They have turned back the clock magically and will probably convert a new generation of blues fans .
 The Black Keys are one of the best bands around today . This album is great from start to finish . You will not be disappointed . I saw them in concert and they are just as great live as they are on CD . If you are interested in good old bluesy rock then this band is for you .
 The Black Keys should by present in ever music lover 's collection . For those into music that makes you want to rock , music that makes you want to roll , and music that you just want to listen to regardless of what mood you are in because it is good , I ca n't yell at you enough for not owning this CD that IS medium fidelity to it 's finest . Everyone who listens to this fuzzed-out album will instantly become fans of this band . Rock n ' Roll , baby !
 This band , made up of two Akronites , will make energy come out of your eyeballs . If you like delta blues , rock n roll , and hype beats , then you will like The Black Keys . They are going on tour and are playing with Jon Spencer 's guitarist Judah Bauer . Beware though , their music might kill you because your brains will be destroyed from rock overload .
 I am a rather new convert to the Black Keys , but I have to say I am definitely impressed . Their music is original , and if you like bluesy rock n roll , this band will knock your socks off.So sit back , turn up the volume and enjoy some alone time with the Black Keys .
 Love all of the Black Keys albums . Have and will continue to purchase ther music . I 've seen so many commercials with The Black Keys music .
 This review is for the limited to 1000 180G vinyl version released in March 2011 . I recently got into spinning vinyl at home . I enjoy it very much.This album has been played in full twice now and it sounds great.It is my first 180G record and it really does sound better than the other records I own , though I ca n't really comment on the difference between 180G and 120 for this same record.The record I got seemed to be very good in quality . I noticed no popping or crackle throughout the entire album.On the music itself : If you have never heard of The Black Keys this is a good start , and or any other album by them.Its rock , its jazz its soul its everything all balled up into one . The way Dan plays the guitar reminds me so much of so many people , not the least of which is Jimmy Page . Its not studio sounding at all . Its just good music .
 The Black Key 's debut , `` The Big Come up '' is , what I think , their best work.They are a two man , guitar & drums , band that is about as raw as you can get . They make `` The White Stripes '' look like a symphonic orchestra , I mean The BlacK Keys is really raw , in a Hound Dog Taylor type of manner.Guitarist and vocalist Dan Auerbach makes the most out of this limited approach . Even though he is a young man , his vocals evoke that of a gristled , whiskey-soaked , road veteran . His guitar playing is sparse and economical yet entirely creative and emotional . He utilizes these gutteral riffs juggling between over distorted , awashed in reverb , heavy on effects and clean to get the most out of this minimalist melodic attack . Despite the sonic manipulations , the guitar always sounds aggressive and raw . Percusionist Patrick Carney also has his work cut out for him because he is not only the backbone , but he has to get a lot more out of his playing then just simple rhythm ... and he does . An inevitable comparison to similar sounding band and drummer Meg White of the `` White Stripes '' stops right there ... there 's a lot more music coming out of Carney 's drum playing than you would think.All the songs are fantastic and the cd plays great all the way through . There 's two nice covers . The Beatle 's `` She said , She said '' is done perfectly with a balance between preserving the melody and feel of the original yet taking it in a beautifully primal direction . Raw bluesman Junior Kimbrough 's `` Do the Rump '' is less imaginative but a showcase for how far this duet can take their minimalist approach and explore different textures with their respective intruments . The outro to the song is a great way to close the door . `` I 'll be your man '' is a highlight and get 's to the point of practically being danceable . Likewise , `` Countdown '' is a country blues tune that can get a party shaking . `` Heavy Soul '' evokes an initial Hendrix-ian feel and that proceeds down a Hound Dog Taylor rump shake . `` Brooklyn bound '' somehow , in a unique and unpredictable manner , starts out as a rave-up yet then morphs towards an almost , soul groove . All the songs on this cd are good , all killer no filler.Guitar fanatics should love this since Auerbach 's riffing is ridiculously simple yet in an extraordinarily creative way . No shredding yet there 's a lot more guitar creativity going on here than on an Yngwie Malmsteen song . Likewise , because of the simplicity , the drums are so much more vital than in a larger `` band '' format.This is the band 's debut . They had put out a lot of material since this 2002 work . Because of the obvious creative limitations with this format , they have expanded their sound and added bandmembers/more instrumentation . While the other cds have great songs on it , I think this work , for the `` raw '' genre is at it 's best.WARNING , while this cd is great and worthy of never coming off your cd player/ipod , I do not feel that it works as well in a live setting . I have seen the Black Keys live twice and frankly , was very bored . In a concert setting , it takes -LRB- at least for me -RRB- a lot more than two guys banging away at thier instruments to hold my attention
 This is some of my favorite Black Keys material . Great take on Blues Garage Rock . Just another album in their big list of great albums .
 This is a really MEAN album . Good old delta blues meet rock and roll sound experience . Recommended + price is exceptable .
 The music is rough , but skillful . The Black Keys manage to pull off an album that sounds like they 're playing it in your living room live , with all the pros and cons that go along with it .
 The Black Keys has risen to be one of the most influential and popular blues-rock band of the last 10 years , blazing out of Akron , Ohio with their own signature stomp on hill country blues , 60 's rock and roll , and on later releases , psychedelic rock . It 's a little hard to believe that a 2-piece blues duo ended up doing songs for the NCAA championship.One really does n't get the grasp of how insanely popular they would get on this debut release for Alive Records , 2002 's The Big Come Up . Here , the junkyard band updates on the North Mississippi styles of R.L. Burnside and Junior Kimbrough , with enough modern twists on the genre to where they can call it their own . Half of these songs are covers or traditional songs , but with the right amount of dirt and rawness , they might as well be Black Keys originals.Highlights include the stomp of Do The Rump and Busted , the soulful cover of She Said She Said , and groovy songs like Countdown & I 'll Be Your Man . Elsewhere , they put a dirty stomp on old traditional tunes like Leavin ' Trunk.Obviously , Pat & Dan had a long way to go before selling out arenas . But if you want to start , start here .
 This is The Back Keys ' best effort yet . While their albums continue to display impressive skill & depth , this is my favorite album . There 's a raw energy & an edge that acts as a foil to their skill & competence as musicians . Unadorned & effortless .
 In the Black Key 's first album `` The Big Come Up , '' the Akron , Ohio based duo slaps together a pretty damn good rock album . At first listen , it takes only a moment to realize that amidst the glut of electronically enhanced alternative rock , and low-fi indie punk we rock fans have grown accustomed to and which music critics laud , the Black Keys have taken the opposite route , and embraced all that has made rock n ' roll great in the first place.Rock fans will instantly recognize how the Key 's have come so far so fast ... they are experts at building upon what we all like most about rock - catchy guitar riffs , raw and moving vocals , some blues sensibility , and solid drums that propel songs along . The result ? Forty minutes of invective , head-nodding rock n ' roll.Here , the Keys show not only their influence and respect for their forefathers -LRB- Stevie Ray Vaughan , Jimi Hendrix , Buddy Guy -RRB- , but they also dangle a little fodder for the Beatles fan in all of us by sneaking in a cover of `` She Said , She Said '' -LRB- number nine on this album -RRB- . Dan Auerbach & Patrick Carney have stepped away from the post-punk experimentation that today 's rock fans gotten lost in , slapped us across the face , woken us up , and brought us back to what we loved most about rock in the first place.Throw this CD in , turn it up , and enjoy !
 Two guys from Akron Ohio spilling their hearts out through very raw guitar riffs . The lyrics are pretty good too ...
 Fantastic alblum ! I ca n't imagine who would not like this .
 Once again , Amazon has failed to provide the track list for a CD in their inventory , so here it is ... The Black Keys ~ `` The Big Come Up `` 1 . Busted -LRB- 2:34 -RRB- 2 . Do The Rump -LRB- 2:38 -RRB- 3 . I 'll Be Your Man -LRB- 2:21 -RRB- 4 . Countdown -LRB- 2:39 -RRB- 5 . The Breaks -LRB- 3:01 -RRB- 6 . Run Me Down -LRB- 2:27 -RRB- 7 . Leavin ' Trunk -LRB- 3:00 -RRB- 8 . Heavy Soul -LRB- 2:09 -RRB- 9 . She Said , She Said -LRB- 2:32 -RRB- 10 . Them Eyes -LRB- 2:23 -RRB- 11 . Yearnin ' -LRB- 1:59 -RRB- 12 . Brooklyn Bound -LRB- 3:11 -RRB- 13 . 240 Years Your Time -LRB- 23:21 -RRB-
 If your as tired of same old rock scene as most people , this CD is just what the doctor ordered . Cutting edge riffs and fresh lyrics , but definitely Delta Blues inspired , this CD comes as close as you can get to capturing the pure raw essence of their live performances . A Must-Have .
 If your as tired of same old rock scene as most people , this CD is just what the doctor ordered . Cutting edge riffs and fresh lyrics , but definitely Delta Blues inspired , this CD comes as close as you can get to capturing the pure raw essence of their live performances . A Must-Have .
 In a world of Britney Spears and Back Street ... a band who actualy writes and plays with nothing but pure soul and energy . These 2 guys sound like Hound Dog Taylor with a little bit of Jimi Hendrix . This is what I have been wishing for for a long time , a band that is n't trying to reinvent the wheel , they love old blues and they play old blues . These 2 white boys sound like they came from the south side of Chicago in the 60 's . I am eagerly awaiting the next Black Keys album .
 Imagine your typical , musically proficient guitarist/drummer combo being locked away in a dimly lit basement with only a pot of black coffee and 30 or so tattered old blues records for company . Although it 's safe to assume such creative processes stand far away from the real story behind the Big Come Up , it 's still pretty difficult to overlook the obvious influences present . Robert Johnson , Muddy Waters , Howlin ' Wolf , Savoy Brown - you name it and it 's probably here in some form or another . Even the gritty , simplistic production job applied to the work contained within grabs the listener 's attention in a certain visceral way that no perfectly polished contemporary album ever could . Perhaps that 's the real allure here - an unabashedly retro experience to be had amidst a sea of releases by other bands currently up to their ears in auto-tuned , overproduced commercial schlock.Take any number of those artists out for a listen , then be taken aback by the unapologetic imperfections found here in tracks like `` Do the Rump '' , which sounds as if it might be missing a few notes off the main riff each time it comes back around . Not to mention all the songs included on the album stay short and sweet , averaging under 3 minutes a piece - just long enough for a quick fix before moving on to the next number . The boys even throw in a couple of mildly experimental quirks here and there , with `` The Breaks '' featuring a voice sample at the beginning instructing all of us to `` lean forward ... and listen with a sparkle in your eye , as though you might be thinking ` Gee - this is the most wonderful thing I ever heard in all my life ' , '' which is immediately cut short by a blistering guitar crunch that might just jerk your eyes wide open exactly as described . Elsewhere , the traditional `` Leavin ' Trunk '' proves to be a definite highlight amongst the batch , somehow managing to keep fresh the tried and true 12 bar blues format after decades of ritual use and abuse by countless others . In essence , that 's what the entire Black Keys catalog thus far is all about , adapting the blues to its newest , most modern facet with all the fuzz and fervor of the genre 's classic era .
 When I went to put the CD in my player I saw the picture of these guys , took another look at the CD to make sure I got the right one , then looked at the picture again . I shrugged and put the CD in carousel and hit play.After about thirty seconds I got up , checked the case again , and stopped the CD to make sure it was playing the right one.Their picture so does n't match their sound - much less that there 's only two of them . The album is filled with rich , gritty , raw , guitar-riff and scratchy vocal blues.Some reviewers complained that they are charlatans , or that you 're better off buying the original blues masters . Well , lots of artists can trace their roots to the masters -LRB- raise your hand if you think all of Led Zepplin 's stuff is original -RRB- . My advice is to buy both , the original classics and some of the new ones like this album . It certainly was quite a nice surprise to hear this disc - like finding a lost classic .
 I found these guys listening to Pandora online one day . Had no clue who they were or what they were about . Who knew some awesome blues could come from two skinny fellas from Akron , Ohio recording in a basement !!!??? First song I heard was Brooklyn Bound - great super dirty gritty blues sound that I love . Came to Amazon to listen to more clips and bought on the spot ! All three albums carry through this great sound ... I honestly ca n't pick a favorite album . Here are my top three fav songs on their three albums released to date ... Off The Big Come UpBustedDo The RumpBrooklyn BoundOff ThickfreaknessTitle track - ThickfreaknessHave Love Will TravelHurt Like MineOff Rubber FactoryJust Could n't Tie Me DownGrown So UglyKeep MeReally good stuff if you are into thick , gritty , full sounding blues style music .
 This is a great album by a great band . The best thing to come out of Akron Ohio . This two piece band takes blues-rock to another level , with vocals that will surprise anyone listening that its a white guy . The soul of Dan A. 's voice is one that i havent heard yet . Surprisingly , like the Stripes in less ways than one would think , and in many ways better . A truely powerful debut by an amazing band .
 In the mood for some ` hard blues ' , I bought this CD along with Govt Mule 's Deep End Vol 1 . To sum up what my ears told me , The Black Keys demonstrate everything that can go right when loud guitars collide with blues and R&B forms , and Gov ' t Mule shows how everything can go just as wrong . I played the Mule CD twice and will be selling it on , while the Black Keys I can hardly keep at my house 'cause everyone that hears it wants to burn a copy.If these cats can keep this sound going , I 'll have one happy set of ears . I almost wish I had n't heard this CD as I 'm now seriously addicted to The Black Keys - seriously I had a hard time getting to sleep one night worrying whether they would be recording more , and if so whether they could possibly live up to this one , which simply hits the note at all levels . Great selection of tones , seriously rude-antique guitar tones , vocals out of lungs filled with Mississippi mud , and a very cool backbeat throughout . The soul rendering of She Said , She Said is a simple masterwork.OK guys , go out and record some more . Quick .
 `` Makes them White Stripes sound like Herman 's Hermits , '' my pal Lennie said the other day as we spun the Big Come Up for the fifth time in a row.Dan Auerback -LRB- guitars + howlin ' -RRB- sounds like a toothless old Mississippi codger , moanin ' like he does . And his guitar rings truer than just about anything else you 're likely to hear this side o ' Judgment Day . Patrick Carney makes a lotta noise and it all sounds real good too .
 This is an excellent disc . For those White Stripes fans out there , the Black Keys-White Stripes debate is not worth getting worked up over . The Black Keys are a much different band . And seriously , if you want the low-fi , raw blues sound , you should be listening to the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion . -LRB- Yes , music like this was recorded before 1999 . -RRB- The Keys or the Stripes are good places to start , but check out JSBX and hear where this low-fi , raw sound really became modernized .
 This is just my opinion . BK equals Fuzzy guitar with very very catchy intro riffs ... but that 's it . After the first verse and the chorus you would feel like something is definitely missing . These are 30 second songs with intro , verse and chorus repeated 4 times to make a 2-3 minute long song . It always feels like something is missing . My perfect description of the BK sound is Hendrix warming up for 2 minutes and then he fell asleep with a mix of CCR kinda type of intro licks but more fuzzy that quite never made it to the lead guitar part and the refrain part . I like my sludge blues/mississippi blues to have at least some lead guitar parts . They do have some leads but they often sound more of an adlib to the intro or verse riff . Maybe it 's just me unable to appreciate change . One thing good BK always makes sure that they lay down some really nice and sludgy/thick grooves which for me will be a perfect groove to do some extended emotional , blistering , and melodic leads . . but there 's none . Maybe a formula they are following or maybe they just need a real lead guitar player . Listen to CCR 's Pagan Baby or Suzy Q for some quick example and to understand what I am saying . The singing part is a perfect fit for their sound . Still 3.5 t0 4 stars for honoring great music before them .
 I was introduced to the Black Key 's through they 're most recent album , Brothers . Loving what I heard , I snapped up Rubber Factory and The Big Come Up . I have to say , this might be my favorite of the three . Each album has it 's fine points , but this one in particular has a rough , almost bootlegged quality of sound to it . Each track is filled with an infectious raw energy that 's hard to resist . And `` Breaks '' is probably my favorite Key 's song to date -- a catchy-ass screeching guitar lick loops over an almost hip-hop sounding drum beat . Then Auerbach 's voice slides in , smooth as ice , and I ca n't pull the grin off my face .
 I first came across Clinic when they supported Radiohead on their three gigs in the summer of 2000 . Clinic did n't really manage to `` steal the show '' , but they incontrovertibly appeared like a band that 's worth checking out . The utilization of so many instruments & sounds , the rawness of their songs , & mostly their brevity - Something pretty exceptional within the neoalternative British scene -LRB- I for instance can not bear Bent or Elbow - After the first thirty seconds of a song by any of them I always feel like falling asleep , & it 's not merely a simile -RRB- . So , based on the good impression that gig gave me & on `` The Second Line '' , the most wellknown single off of this album -LRB- Proportionately of course -RRB- I decided to purchase Internal Wrangler . On my first listen I was bewildered by the deliberately archaic artwork -LRB- The entire thing looks more like a record than a compactdisc -RRB- , Ade Blackburn 's peculiar vocals & the harkingback instrumentations , which customarily on this album consist on light guitarriffs & what appears to be synths & drummachines from the late 1970 's -LRB- Could they be jeering the electronic influences virtually every artist/act includes in their songs nowadays ? I do n't think so , but it sure works well here -RRB- . The album sorta creeped me out & nearly made me not wan na touch it ever again . However on repeated listens the album opens up , kinda like vintage wine - The tracks , no matter how eccentric & purposefully dated they appear , are all in point of fact compelling , enchanting & on occasion -LRB- `` Earth Angel '' , `` Distortions '' , `` Goodnight Georgie '' -RRB- inebriating . The eeriness & intermittent abrasiveness of Clinic 's hallmark sound manages to spice up what otherwise would 've been considered as merely another indie album influenced by 1960 's prepunk bands & early twentieth century New Orleans jazz -LRB- As the album 's artwork also alludes -RRB- . & let 's not forget that splendid brevity again - This album takes merely 31:06 minutes to listen to , so you have nothing to fear about ending up with Grandaddyesque selfindulgence -LRB- I seriously ca n't believe that Clinic will ever record a fifteenminute song with the same line over & over again , merely arranged differently each time it comes -RRB- . `` The Return Of Evil Bill '' , `` Internal Wrangler '' , `` The Second Line '' , `` C.Q. '' , `` T.K. '' , `` Hippy Death Suite '' & `` 2/4 '' could all be superior demonstrative singles in the British indie scene , kinda like telling the critics `` Hey , we can do it much better '' . & Clinic CAN do it much better so you 'll better give them a chance . Who knows , they just might be the next representatives of the genre .
 I picked up all of Clinic 's releases on a trip to the UK in 2000 , after hearing them on the John Peel show . Their first full album , `` Internal Wrangler '' , is one of the freshest rock releases of the last couple of years . While their influences are n't anything out of the ordinary -LRB- you will hear bits of the Velvets , 13th Floor Elevators and Suicide among others -RRB- , what they do with them certainly is . This is a very dense , beautiful and hypnotic record . Clinic has a fine ear for sound and melody , and makes every second of this record count . I 'm sure many listeners will not make it past the off kilter vocal style , which at times has a Peter Lorre quality to it , and that 's really a shame , because groups like this do n't show up very often . Listen to this one on headphones if you really want to lose yourself .
 ... who have crashed in an alley somewhere behind the knees of a 21st century urbia where no one notices until they fall in with the gutter crawlers and divide time making noise on the wreckage of their craft and scrounging to feed the monkey . Strung out aliens would sound like this , no doubt ...
 I listened to it once , interesting . I listened again , damn good . I listened yet again , amazing . This album is addictive like an itch . Punk + RadioHead + Rockabilly ? I dunno but I like it a lot . The point is these lads seem to have music that emanates from another universe -- yea , I know , vauge , but so is the sound . It has certain pop qualities like Beatles-esqe catchiness , but then the songs have an insane chugging quality . I swear a few of these tracks sound like freight trains speeding through a foggy night ; you see a light you hear a roar and then it 's gone .
 Internal Wrangler by Liverpool 's Clinic sounds so much like a 60 's band that , except for vocal ID , they could pass for Iron Butterfly or any of the other `` where are they now ? '' psychedelic bands . Normally , this type of thing would drive me crazy , but there 's such playfulness here , and enough of a modern overlay to these fourteen fragments , that I 'm willing to believe these are n't just four boys jerking off to nostalgia . It might actually be a distillation of who they are . Artsy , for certain . With something to say - who knows ? But from the nasty rockabilly of `` The Return of Evil Bill '' to the dreamer 's lullaby `` Goodnight Georgie '' , each song offers an fascinating aural fillip or two that keeps me coming back . Content , I hope , will follow .
 I was reading spin magazine 's end of the year awards , and naturally radiohead one every single one just about ... and then they interviewed the band themselves and asked for their opinions ... i think on thom 's and ed 's ... this was on as the best album , or top 5 album ... and i was determined to get it ... i searched throughout the music stores in my town and came up empty handed ... but alas ... i was going on a trip to the uk in a few months ... and i finally landed in gatwick and i was shocked to find that no one in london had the cd ... and less even knew who the band was ... but finally i made my way to dublin and finally found the damn thing ... and i listened to it ... unconventional to say the least ... but thats the way music should be ... new to people ... i dont hear any radiohead in them either , although they opened for them a few times ... but a few listenings just like kid a and you will be hooked ... only thing is the songs are to short ... which might be a good thing ... i dont know ... pick it up for yourself
 Basically , what we have here is an eclectic mix which works on a grand scale . A style which should appeal to fans of all types of music . I myself listen to metal , noise , punk , dance etc , from Merzbow , Naplam Death to Aphex Twin and LFO . This album complements all these perfectly and sits proudly among my collection . Excellant female vocals , lovely melodies , simple , yet effective tunes turn this into an absolute winner ! One of the best albums I have heard for some time and should be part of anyone 's CD collection .
 Wow . At last a british band shows some spirit and produces some prime geek rock . Internal wrangler is a fine slice of alternative rock in the tradition set by the likes of DEVO and Velvet Underground.All songs are strong and the zesty feel of the likes of the title track and others give some energy to the proceedings . It would be nice if their variety expanded but all in all this is a treat for those tired of formulaic rock or repetitive dance music .
 I thought their last effort was kinda soft and lacked enought thought to be a good CD . So I was hoping this one would do the trick . GREAT CD !! They sort of stray from the Heavy guitar sound that carried them in earlier efforts and go for a Dream Theatre keyboard/sound with heavy guitar . I personally think the keyboard addition gives the sound a little more melody and adds some spice . As for the previous reviewers comments on no melody within the choruses or songs , I did n't find it to be true . This is a solid CD with some minor changes that any power/melodic METAL fan will love !! I found it to be a back to the basics CD . everything is simple and to the point ! Sometimes you just need a catchy riff some solid drums and a good tune . This CD delivers that . Nothing elaborate , just straight ahead METAL !!!!! ROCKON !!
 Once NOCTURNAL RITES decided to become a serious power metal band -LRB- SHADOWLAND CD -RRB- , they have not looked back . This latest effort is a fitting release that continues their powerfully catchy BON-JOVI meets MASTERPLAN type of sound . They definetly have a sound all their own but I think thats a decent way to describe them . Every CD since SHADOWLAND has been a true POWER METAL masterpiece . This one is no exception .
 This is one of the Best Melodic Power Metal CD 's i 've ever heard ! These Guy 's have really developed a formula for writing `` Sing-a-Long '' Chorus ` es ! Not a weak song here . My only complaint is i would have liked to hear more changes of tempo , like their older CD 's . Most of the songs are very close to that same tempo . I do strongly recomend finding the `` Import '' version from Century Media . It comes with a `` Bonus '' DVD -LRB- All-region ! -RRB- that has the last 4 Videos , + the obligitory `` in the the Recording Studio footage . But the Icing on the Cake is the Behind-the-scenes footage from the `` Demon 's of the Opera Tour '' they did with the Full Orchestra ! I hope some day they release a CD or DVD of that performance cause it sounded AMAZING ! `` How do you make Power Metal even MORE powerful ? '' you add an Orchestra ! Check The End Records for the DVD version , if Amazon does n't pick it up , thats where i found it .
 Very catchy , ambitious and intelligent lyrics . This guys are awesome , with tight musicianship and perfect vocals . My version is without de DVD , and i 'm a little dissapointed about that , just for this . Recommended if you like Gamma Ray and Primal Fear .
 Just the right amount of heaviness , riffs , and catchiness . I bought this and was disappointed that it did n't have the bonus DVD , so take the other reviewer 's advice and find the one with the bonus DVD .
 Grand Illusion is the 7th album by Swedish melodic metal band `` Nocturnal Rites '' originally released in 2005 . This album was my introduction to the band and their sound . As with most Scandinavian bands of this genre , ` Nocturnal Rites ' benefit from incredible album production that further elevates the compositions and performances on ` Grand Illusion ' . Undeniably the album 's main advantages are the collection of huge choruses and the consistency of musical direction throughout the track list . The sound of `` Nocturnal Rites '' is built on thick rhythm guitar , shredding solos , robust rhythm section with regular double bass attack , while the keyboards are carrying the majority of instrumental melodic lines of the album . Yet , above all , it is the vocal performance that ultimately gives the album its character-making it distinct and memorable ; For that matter it mainly comes down to the incredible abilities of lead singer Jonny Lindqvist who proves himself capable of carrying any melodic line -LRB- no matter how long or short -RRB- while communicating it to the listener in the most passionate and intense way . The line up also features rhythm guitarist Fredrik Mannberg , lead guitarist Nils Norberg , bassist Nils Eriksson and drummer Owe Lingvall.Having lived with the album a couple of years , one happily reaches the conclusion that the material on `` Grand Illusion '' is qualified to stand the test of time . It simply goes back to the choruses
 Product arrived in timely manner and in great shape . I would use seller again .
 I discovered this band on -LSB- ... -RSB- and Im glad I did . And this is their BEST cd . Perfect melodic power metal , fav songs '' Im still alive '' and `` Cuts like a knife '' A Must have for any power metal fan .
 If you like swedish melodic heavy metal , this is a great album.They are great musicians . check it out .
 From the opening song to the last track , this is the best effort by Nocturnal Rites I 've ever heard .
 This cd is one of the best blink has EVER made especially the live versions and the enhanced video it 's worth the money so buy it !
 this is a very good cd . i really enjoy it . hope you have a good time at all your concerts .
 This is one of the best cds I own . Last March I went to Germany and picked up several copies of this single -LRB- for me and my friends . -RRB- The normal single of `` All The Small Things '' is on here , two live songs -LRB- which are funny as hell ! -RRB- and the video for `` All the Small Things . '' I 'm a GIANT blink fan and I can definatley say that this cd is worth the $ If any one wants any more info - just email me at scullygirl182@bolt.com
 this cd mixes it up ! hard , soft , exciting , mellowing , Blink 182 takes it all , rolls it up into a Cd , put it on the market , and it becomes a complete can of whoopa ** !
 I just heard Solomon 's Wish at my church this morning for the second time . I bought their album and encourage any Christian out there to do the same . They have incredible talent vocally as well as instrumentally . They are an acoustic band that has incredible harmonizing abilities as well as the ability to rock . They will appeal to any age group that enjoys contemporary Christian music , especially young people . The songs all have deep meaning , one of the best is `` Grand Scheme '' . The music and lyrics will minister to you , they said this morning the Lord gave them this one . These guys have a deep love for the Lord and people which is very evident when you speak with them . I 've listened to this album , after getting it this morning and each go through makes me enjoy it even more . If you like meaningful music and lyrics from a really talented group -LRB- as well as three very nice guys who love the Lord -RRB- this is the album for you .
 Solomons Wish is a very talented band . I would ` nt say I am a fan of accoustic music but this band just blew me away . The harmony between the members of the band is simply breathtaking . The vocals and music blend together almost perfectly . Solomons wish is a band that truely loves God with everything that they have and their music definitly shows it.The lyrics to almost every song gives praise to God as the way it should be.This band is ` nt just about performing but their purpose is to bring the gospel to as many people as possible and to help to build or improve your relationship with God . I hope that you buy this album , give Solomons wish a chance to present God in a way to you that you may not have known him before . I also hope that you see them in person if you get the chance , they are just simply AMAZING .
 This CD is amazing ! I had the hardest time finding it out here on the west coast -- maybe because they 're a midwest band -- but it was worth it ! Their worship is totally based in scripture -- so awesome ! This CD is worth having in your collection . Fireside and Grand Scheme are wonderful songs , as is Waterfall . God is definately in the music of Solomon 's Wish .
 I just have to say that I 've only had the Solomon 's Wish CD for about 2 weeks , but I 'm completely in love with it . The harmonies are amazing and the lyrics are so incredibly moving . You can really tell that this band has a love for Jesus . They sound a lot like a cross between Bleach , Switchfoot , and 4Him , and they are AWESOME !
 I bought this album as I buy many of my Christian CD 's . Just in the hope it would be something different and inspiring . I am one of those who although I love Christian music , will not listen to it unless it is pretty good stuff . It has to have more than just a message . This album delivers big time . Every song on this album is very good AND very meaningful to the Christian walk . I ca n't wait until they come out with a new one .
 I got a chance to meet the members of Solomon 's Wish at Spirit Fest Midwest in Minnesota , and found them incredibly easy to talk to . Then I heard them play and was blown away by their talent . It 's easy to make a band sound good in a studio , but to get 4 guys on stage and have them sound just as tight as their CD is incredible.Their songs use a good mix of metaphor and scripture to tell stories , along with straight ahead praise and worship lyrics . The music is pretty much straight ahead pop-rock , but the vocal lines and lyrics keep it interesting throughout . Favorites of mine include So Help Me , for it 's simple message that all of God 's creation need to cry out at some time - `` so help my unbelief ! '' ; Mary 's Alabaster Jar , mostly because it made me go back and read the story of Mary anointing Jesus 's feet and how what seems a simple act can mean so much more ; Ten Miles Wide , which is lyrically really cool -LRB- the last word of each line in the chorus is the first word of the next line - maybe that 's a musician thing -RRB- , but forces me to reflect and pray that my faith is deep-rooted , not just for show ; and God is Alive , which looks at all that God has provided and proves that He is still here , alive in all of us . This CD definitely has heavy rotation in my car 's stereo !
 I first heard of this group when I went to one of their concerts with my daughter 's church youth group . WOW !!! They are great !!! Their music just really breaks His message down to simple format - He is there , just ask and He will hold on to you !! Great group ! I recommend it for young and old alike .
 I asked for this cd for my birthday only knowing one song on it , `` Learning to Fly '' and I simply fell in love with the cd . The songs are wonderfully sang and written . The words really witness to you . `` Grand Scheme '' is among another of my favorites . All the songs are great . I recomend this cd highly to you if you like 4Him .
 They kind of sound like insane clown posse , so if you like icp you will them .
 This is not your father 's Christian music ! Code of Ethics has been around for quite a while , but this is my all-time favorite . Any time I want some really upbeat music with a message , this is the one I pick . If you like techno , you might also want to consider Deitiphobia , Echoing Green , and Hydro . Syco and Zero are also fabulous , but sadly out of print.Get this CD - you wo n't be disappointed !
 When I bought this CD , I had no idea what Code of Ethics sounded like . When I got home and listened to it , I was so pumped by these songs that I just had to listen to it again . These techno tunes are ones that I can never get sick of , and they truly encourage me in my praise to God . I love how this is mostly a praise and worship album , yet it is music that makes you want to get up and dance . Check it out !
 I think that Barry Blaze has always had it in him to conduct Techno music . I have followed his music from the early ' 90 's and have virtually enjoyed each of his albums . He has a wonderful voice and soulful heart . He makes a person proud to know God and he integrates it into music and spirit . His Soul Bait album was a bit more alternative , containing blaring/screeching electric guitars , pounding drums and excited vocals , but none the less exhuberating to the soul and mind ! Long live techno music for God and mankind !!
 Blaze is a very thought provoking cd . With many techno/house sounds and beats , you can have fun while singing praises to God . Their incorporation of techno , drums , guitar , and bass is innovative and original . Very cool .
 I believe this is one of their best ! I think Code of Ethics is one of the best Christian Alternative rock groups in the music industry today . I must add that I thought Soulbait was one of the only albums I did not like . However , 1 out of 6 ai n't bad !
 this music really impressed me from the standpoint of lyrical worship . not only did the sound keep a ninety 's depeche mode kinda beat , but i found that others may listen to it and actually know who god is and may be able to worship him through the music . i recommend this cd for personal meditation , especially the song `` move me '' .
 I liked Soulbait alittle better than this . But Blaze is still good . I like the futuristic effects on the songs and how they designed the album cover .
 I still think Arms Around the World is , to date , their all-time best . Blaze is creative and fun , and even though it is `` praise and worship '' it is still plenty original . And they have at least gone back to their original sound , which is where they sound best . Still yet , none of their stuff impresses me quite as much as Arms Around the World .
 This would be a great CD to add to any Youth Group collection or home collection . Great for Hip-Hop dancing .
 CODE OF ETHICS SONGS ARE VERY GOOD . THE BEST ALBUM WAS BLAZE AND ARMS AROUND THE WORLD . AND ALSO CODE OF ETHICS.BLAZE HAS REALLY GOOD SONGS BETTER AND BETTER HAS A LOTS OF TECHNO AND Hallelujah 2000 HAS THE MOST TECHNO.THIS ALBUM REALLY ROCKS ALL THERE SONGS ARE AWESOME I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TOO SOMEBODY.GET THIS THIS CD YOU WO N'T BE DISAPPOINTED
 Tired of the Cheesefrog albums from boring bands ? These guys make me have to change my pants everytime I see them live . They truely are masters of the universe . Cheque them out live if you can , It 'll change your life . After my first concert , I cought myself accidentally using terms such as Zambi in my vocabulary . Songs like African Hillbilly and Farewell to Lemmings are reasons why suicide is stupid . Rev. Jeff Mosier from the hills -LRB- founding member of Aquarium Rescue Unit and Bluegrass coach for Phish -RRB- Plays the banjo like nobody 's buisness , and ... well , everyone in the band is essential . They truely are masters , and this album captures their live flare quite well , though it 's not as good as seeing them live , I HIGHLY reccomend this album to everyone , especially the suspicius folk who do n't think they like bluegrass ... truely a great work.Peace and ZAMBI
 Blueground Undergrass is definately one of the best and most talented bands out there today . They have an authenticity missing in the market and blend different music styles so well , you 'll buy all of their albums once you hear them . Their talent is also nearly unmatched and they have a modesty apparent in their music . If you know what 's good for you , buy this disc or any other blueground undergrass disc , also try `` Good Medicine , '' the purely bluegrass band which led to blueground
 The CD , in its entirety is a wonderful blessing . I bought the CD to teach songs to our youth choir at our church . To say the least , I 've enjoyed the songs more than anyone . My kids love the praise songs and they really worship whilte singing . I 'm looking forward to introducing all the songs to the choir , as well as , the church congregation . I love it !
 Our son is now singing the songs that we hear on the radio and in church -LRB- while he is in kid 's church -RRB- although we have never taught them to him . Great vocals and instrumentals . Current , popular gospel music -LRB- 2009-2011 mostly -RRB- .
 I am a youth minister and I have used this CD in our youth service for praise and worship . The children love and the music is lively and fun so everyone wants to participate in the worship experience .
 If you do n't actually like Gospel music you might not like it . It is not &#34; Christian Contemporary &#34; , but there are songs that have been revamped to have more of a Gospel feel . My 3 year old loves it , she was n't used to gospel since she only knows &#34; kiddie &#34; and Christian Contemporary . Now I am able to enjoy the Gospel that I love and she enjoys hearing other children singing praises .
 The song selection from these three cds is excellent.What a steal to get three of Billy 's cds for less than four bucks!Yes , his Russia tour was precedent setting at the time . Yet , for me , the coolest thing is that a pianist in my family bought the actual grand piano that Billy used in this Russian concert tour . And believe me , it has it 's own magic still !
 Not a bad three-pack from the Piano Man , including the albums `` Piano Man '' , `` 52nd Street '' , and the live album `` Kohuept '' , as performed in the former USSR . `` Piano Man '' and `` 52nd Street '' are both essential Billy Joel classics , and contain such songs as `` Travelin ' Prayer '' , `` Piano Man '' , `` Ballad of Billy the Kid '' , `` Captain Jack '' , `` Honesty '' , `` Big Shot '' , `` My Life '' , and `` Stiletto '' . The inclusion of `` Kohuept '' I think is somewhat debatable ... . it 's a live disc , so the music is not of the highest quality , although there 's a lot of hits on the album . Kohuept is unique more for the concert itself and what it represented at the time -LRB- playing in the communist USSR -RRB- than for the actual music , and is interesting , but not as good for a collector 's pack as say ... `` Glass Houses '' , `` The Stranger '' , or `` An Innocent Man '' . All told though , 3 solid albums , and worthy additions to any collection . The Piano Man is great , and this is a pretty economical way to pack in three of his classics .
 one of the best cd 's put out this year.it is a must have.this album is simply amazing.after you are done buying this , go to their webpage and then buy their selt titled cd on friction records also . www.spitforathena.net
 Spit For Athena is by no means unknown by fans of indie rock who fly under the mainstream radar , but to the masses they remain an unknown . They had a few problems with the record label with this album and more or less have divorced themselves from this album , but the songwriting is still amazing . Be sure to check out the self titled -LRB- or Pink CD -RRB- and Piss is Perfect . If there is any justice in the world , Spit For Athena will get the big break they deserve
 This is a great CD and Band . Make sure to get this CD and try to check them out if they are near you . you wont regret it .
 -LRB- Alas , Soup broke up due to the nemesis of all musicians
 I found this cd so uplifting and exciting . I play it over and over and sing along . AND the words are so encouraging and right out of the Bible . Thanks .
 Cd was full of praise to the LORD and very upbeat . Played it everywhere , even @ work.Even made a few copies for my co-workers & boss.Made me really proud to own this little gem .
 This is a great album . Its definitely Merengue Callejero , but with a lot more lyrics and suprises than the usual . There is a lot more thinking and production going on here than in most Merengue . And dont get me wrong I like most Merengue , but Los Potros really have something refreshing going on here . Although Oye Mi Ritmo is the first single and is slamming , the other songs will grow on you tremendously . Vengan Todas Mujeres Latinas is the jam . Rebeca99 and Esa Morena will grow on you if they dont catch you on first listen . I like this album more everytime I listen to it .
 They have that unmistakable beet like their fathers . Which is always good to hear . But they have managed to do create a new style , whch is what makes this one `` mortal '' . As soon as I saw them do one of their songs on TV , I went out to buy it . I was n't disappointed . It is extremely danceable . I also love the name and what it means .
 I listened to all those songs and everytime I like it more , they are as good as their father Johny Ventura , This CD is in my car every day , it lift my spirit all the time .
 If you 're a fan of Disney music , you ca n't go wrong with this CD . I especially enjoy `` Fantasmic '' . For those who have never been to a Disney Park , this music is from a terrific `` must see '' show , staring Mickey and his imagination . I also love `` The Siamese Cat Song '' from `` Lady & The Tramp '' . Songs from favorites like Jiminey Cricket , Winie The Pooh , to newer the movies `` Hercules '' & `` Pocahontas '' . The only song I was n't fond of was `` Femininity '' . This is volume 4 in a collection of 5 , all of which are very good . These songs will have you humming through your day !
 Was quite pleased to be able to find these two cd 's as they were unavailable to buy in my home area . Some of the music brings back a lot of memories
 This is a great album , clearly in line with the progression that Will Oldham has been making throughout his career . For a first time listener , this would be the perfect introduction -- it 's musical as hell , very accessible -LRB- compared with the ` There is noone what ... ' or ` Days in the Wake ' -RRB- , but still contains the Palace/Will Oldham joy/gloom/death / redemption themes found in all of his work . The essence of what has made all of the Palace/Will Oldham stuff interesting for me -- perfect turns of phrase and image in the lyrics coupled with awkward vocal phrasings in the singing is also found in abundance -LRB- imagine , if you have n't heard it before , Blake being read by a hillbilly and you get some idea of the contrast -RRB- . The album cover is indicative of the theme inside . With song titles like ` Death to Everyone ' , ` Black ' , and ` Another Day Full of Dread ' , parts of this album are as dark as those Black Metal bands wish they could be . But Oldham has an uncanny way of finding the beauty even in the darkest .
 Sorry , that was insipid.Anyway , few albums this good and this affecting from the late 90 's come to mind . Among them would be In the Aeroplane Over the Sea and The Soft Bulletin . Rarely is music such great background and foreground music at the same time . After hearing it a few times at a friend 's house some time in 1999 , I scoured at least 20 record stores in at least five cities to find a copy of this . I eventually just got it via Amazon.If anything , I love how deceitful Will Oldham is . What would you expect an album with a title and a cover like those and songs named `` Minor Place '' `` Black '' and `` Death to Everyone ? '' Actually , the lyrics are very hopeful and it 's nice to hear about the subject matter from a mature adult rather than some shallow , nasal teenager who thinks he has something relevant to say . After the first listen , this album has sincerely killed you softly with its piano , bass , tap-drumming , lazily strummed guitar and Oldham 's erie , human voice . It really leaves you feeling dead in a way that so many musicians , by contrast , try to do with distorted guitars , double bass drums and screaming.Goddamn this is good rainy day music . As my taste in music matures , Loveless slips further and further down my favorites of the 90 's list with this edging its way into the top 5 . This is a must own for people who like humanly affecting music but hate emo .
 The title tells it all . It is my favorite album since I have it .
 Each new album by the Bonnie Billy seems to be the best , this is no exception . All beautiful songs , all somewhat melancholy , if not darkly humorous . The title song and the absolutely amazing `` raining in darling '' are two of the most touching in the history of music , `` madeline-mary '' and `` death to everyone '' two of the most fun . The rest , `` black '' , `` nomadic revery -LRB- all around -RRB- '' , `` a minor place '' , `` another day full of dread '' , `` knockturne '' , `` today i was an evil one '' and `` song for the new breed '' all sound great . Vintage Oldham in constant progress , his output does n't seem likely to dry up in the near future as he always seems to have a trick up his sleeve . Ca n't wait for ` ode music ep ' and ` guarapero - lost blues ii ' to be released , respectively , in january and february 2000 .
 I see a darkness is the album that I played over and over again last summer -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It surely was the best album this year , together with She haunts my dreams by Spain . If Will continues in this direction , the next album will be beautiful beyond imagination . I 'm eagerly looking forward to it .
 Will -LRB- Bonnie `` Prince '' Billy -RRB- Oldham is amazing ! Do n't be swayed by the close minded folks who have reviewed some of his other albums , `` Eww , he has a beard and he 's balding ! Oh no , this is weird ! '' Those are the same folks who rag on Tom Waits , `` I just ca n't get past his voice ! It 's too gravelly ! That 's not singing ! '' . Will Oldham is great . Buy this album and really listen to it , you wo n't be disappointed
 As another reviewer said , this album is beyond classification other than to say that it is a classic of one type or another . Incidentally , the album has 8 or 9 songs , not just the two that are listed above .
 I stumbled on this album by hopping from list to list on Amazon . It caught my eye and I read the reviews on it and purchased it without even so much as hearing a track performed by Bonnie Prince Billy or any of his various other incarnations . Admittedly , the first song , `` A Minor Place '' is kind of a dud in my opinion . It generally annoys me but a few times as of late , it has seemed a better song . The rest of the album , however , is all beautiful , haunting tracks featuring Oldham 's amazing song-writing and his simple voice that seems as old as time itself.Some of the particularly strong tracks on this album include Nomadic Revery , I See A Darkness , Today I Was An Evil One , and Black . And for the record , track 4 is called `` Another Day Full of Dread '' , not Bread.Quite simply , this is an album with a beauty and haunting quality that can not be described with words . It is also some of the best music to listen to while drinking with a close friend .
 This cd was recommended to me by Dax Riggs of Acid Bath fame . It was a great recommendation . I 'm trying to spread the wealth .
 Bonnie ` Prince ' Billy -LRB- aka Will Oldham -RRB- creates the scariest take on country music imaginable . In fact , this could easily be labelled ` goth country ' . His lyrics are intensley personal and his voice a deep and dark wonder . His songs are carefully crafted and arranged in an obscure warmth and frailty.On some occasions the songs creep along steadily , on others errupt into soaring climaxes of double tracked vocals on the brink of collapse . These climaxes do n't play on the usual tricks of severe dynamic change or string sections , but rather involve escalations in emotive force that ripple through you.Will Oldham is a master songwriter , and an expert at creating sound collages and textures not usually associated with country music .
 one of the best albums ... ever . any genre , any era . my god , what a knock out . this is the latest musical persona of will oldham -LRB- whose illustrious career began as `` palace/palace music/palace brothers '' -RRB- and many say it 's his greatest achievement yet . i knew within ten seconds of first hearing this record that it had to be true . every song reaches in and squeezes the heart , gets all tangled up in your insides . you know what 's great about this record ? every single haunting track is memorable and affecting . every one . there is n't a single track that fades into the background ... and that is a rare treat these days . and the fact that a tune as staggeringly vibrant as `` a minor place '' can co-exist so easily with smothering odes like `` i see a darkness '' is just amazing . it is , in many ways , like life .
 Will Oldham combines soft and fragile melodies with atonal voices . He shows the beauty of error and the crushing power of tenderness.Like almost everything that is `` REALLY '' good , you have to learn to appreciate this album . With every listening session there is something new that strikes you and slowly reveals the full beauty of this music.This is a true jewel , in desperate need to be treasured .
 On first listen I was disappointed with this album . I expected melancholia but not like this . After a few more spins I figured out what I had missed . This is the most beautiful album . Absolutely the best , it can be sad , it can be hopeful , it can be everything . Will Oldham sounds real , and his reality is haunting and beautiful at the same time . The music is minimalist and sparse which only contributes to the beauty and dynamic of the record . It is one of the best albums of the 1990s and I recommend it to any true music fan .
 First off , if you like Taylor Swift , signed Oprah 's no texting pledge and enjoy watching `` Dancing With The Stars '' , you probably wo n't like this album . Matter of fact , this album will be your personal anti-christ . So do n't listen before going to church on Sunday . But I dare you to listen while driving home hazy at 4 am thinking woulda-coulda-shoulda thoughts when drunken spirits are dancing and the girl is crying at the bar and you struck out big time . This album is aural absinthe.Strange moods this album evokes , usually dark , eerie , weird , out-of-place , awkward , but strangely beautiful too . The soundscape reminds me of a strange man walking through mountain mist , singing to himself ... people avoid him because he really has problems . He stares at you and keeps singing . Creepy cool . Wan na see the darkness ? The album title is absolutely congruent with the sonics.This is one of a handful of truly classic releases in the past 10 years . Most people wo n't understand it , but anyone can feel it . Listen to it to calibrate your emotional gauge . Lay back , clear your head , let the mist enter your ears . If you do n't feel a degree of emotional drain , then check your heart , thump it , make sure your still alive .
 This is my first review of a Will Oldham/Bonnie ` Prince ' Billy album . I chose to review this album first because I think it 's simply my favorite in his catalog that I 've heard.I would say that 90 percent of this album sounds exactly like my thoughts throughout a normal day . It 's sadly beautiful and hopeful simultaneously . `` I See A Darkness '' is the type of song that makes you want to reflect on life and your inner thoughts . It 's an ode to life.These songs are sung with such heartfelt beauty and passion that 's almost immeasurable to compare this with any other artist . Will shares a lot of his thoughts and feelings with us in his music . He has a `` no-holds barred '' approach that is sure to catch any listener 's attention.All the songs on this album are part of something bigger . One listen and you 'll know that you 've found an album with integrity and purity . It will probably get you through a lot of times in your life if you allow it to . Either way , this will be an album that you will not soon forget . `` Death To Everyone '' is one of the most powerful tracks on this album . It also happens to be one of my favorites as well . If it absolutely does n't pierce your soul , you may not have even been listening and do n't deserve to go any further with this album . I would assume that most fans have heard Will 's other work and most put this at very least towards the top . Oldham has really paved a path for what he wants to get across in his music . I would venture to say that people will study this work for many years to come.If you 've heard of Bonnie ` Prince ' Billy/Will Oldham or are intrigued by what you 've heard about him in general , this is definitely an album you should check out . Of course , he 's got so many I guess you could start anywhere . Are any of them bad ? No . My opinion would be to start here . If you do n't become instantly fond of this work , you may not need to get anything else by him .
 Attracted by the hideous cover in combination with the word Palace made me push the button on the listening pole.After 20 seconds I knew enough to buy this record.Coming home I realised this was brain meltingly beautiful . Believe me , artists like Neil Young and Van Morrison are praying each night that they could once more make an album like this . Just once and then die.If you 're getting fed up with all the average releases in the past 18 months , with one or two nice songs , no consistency , dollarsigns in the eye , etc. . Try this . They still come out
 There is no way anyone should over look this record as one of the defining Alt-Country releases of the 90 's and easily one of the best records . As soon as you put this record on the mood will be set till the end . It is a dark record and moves at a rather slow pace , but his voice , lyrics , and the whole atmosphere of the record will drag you in . This and the Soft Bulletin have to be the top two releases of that year , make sure to get both .
 I 'm an avid music fan . I 've listened to quite an array of rock and pop throughout my life and I can say without hesitation that this disc is unlike anything I 've ever heard . All of BPB 's work is incredibly interesting . He 's taken folk and worked in blues , rock , country , all with undertones of both melancholy and joy . In my opinion , this is his definitive work , the one you MUST have if you want to get the complete Bonnie Price Billy experience . I must admit that I can not listen to this stuff very often because it is such a strange , intense experience . Every once in a while , an artist creates something beyond his medium . Will Oldham has done that here . This is more than music .
 Sparse Instrumentation and hauntng melodies make up this release from Bonnie `` Prince '' Billy and they wo n't leave your head for days . From the Bass and piano opening of Minor Place to the end its simply put a brilliant record . Full of gorgeous melodies and simply beautiful string arrangments . The album does truly sound aged in a way that will let it always be a timeless record that will live on for years to come as an intelligent and inspiring piece of work . The tender intelligence that the lyrics portay is none the less amazing . I dont have to sit here and type why its good ... just buy it and find out for yourself .
 htis album is brillinat , its aobut such dark things but light turns abound . While Bonnie prince billy sings of dark places and feelings the music and his voice are so beautiful that it turns tragedy into beauty much to any listeners delight .
 I 've said it already . `` It do n't rain anymore ! I go outdoors ! ''
 i see a darkness is in my opinion the finest record he has released . perhaps it is because of the better production or the attempt at more radiofriendly songs , but this cd has been playing continuously since i bought it . will 's voice seems less crackly , which i like because in my opinion he fakes the whole weak voice thing , and the vocals are much stronger on this release .
 not a perfect 10.0 like pitchfork says , but still good .
 If you buy one album this year and you fancy yourself a music afficionado , make sure it 's this one . I have found this album to be gentle beyond Leonard Cohen 's finest hour . The lyricism is total intelligence wrapped in 11th hour moods . Carefully produced the final mix levels and production are the finest of Will Oldham 's career . There is a hint of Shawn Phillips melody and meticulousness here . This is a rare find , it will become a landmark album in the post this and post that era . I can only bestow sincere adulation upon this artist , and inform him that I am looking forward to the next album .
 The music on this album is introspective , gloomy , fearful and forboding of a sense of approaching evil . If music was ever to be descrbed as dark then this would be it . . Nevertheless one ca n't help but be uplifted and energised by the beauty realised in the songs . In particular the first four tracks are extaordinarily beautiful and melodic -LRB- almost mystical -RRB- - this must be the complete realisation of Oldham 's unique musical vision - a distillation of the un-hinged country folk he has crafted as his own ... This is an extraordinary album - a difficult listen for sure but one which is ultimately as rewarding as anything likely to be heard this year . File under ` transcedental ' alongside ` Astral weeks ' , ` Tonights the night ' and ` John Wesley Harding '
 I just picked this up on vinyl and I have to say its one of those albums that you listen to once and think `` huh ? '' . Then you listen again and think `` yeah ok , I see where this is going '' and then on the third listen it 's `` hey this is pretty darn good ! '' and on the fourth you think `` man , this is awesome ! '' .
 This album normally gets lumped into the genre of `` folk '' or the even more broad `` indie rock , '' but a more fitting classification would be `` collection of songs that haunt you more and more with each listen . '' The intimacy of this album is its most appealing feature , as listening to it through headphones gives you the feeling that you are actually in the room as Oldham and the guys are recording . The songs , specifically the title track and the closer , `` Raining in Darling '' are exceptional stand alone songs , but also work great within the context of the album . It seems to drag a bit during the second half , but sometimes this is advantageous , as it is difficult to listen to the album all the way through in one sitting .
 My favorite all time musician . Listen to him every chance I get . Often slow brooding melodic music that sinks into yer bones . Great songwriter that crushes anything out there . I see a darkness , after I make love to you , Lions lair , so many classics i ca n't begin to describe . Buy anything from Palace Music , Palace Brothers , Bonnie Prince Billie and you get the genious of Will Oldham ...
 I just recently purchased this alubm and it fits in with what I would expect from a decent Palace release . There are a few songs -LRB- death to everyone , song for the new breed -RRB- that are well above most of the stuff from mr. Oldham .
 The Man In Black 's cover of the title track was a thing of beauty.Now hear the original . Where Cash made it a story of a man grappling with infirmity & impeding death , Will Oldham 's original is far more disturbing but just as powerful . Here the song is a prophetic warning of an unmentionable darkness the protagonist is helpless to control . As for what that `` darkness '' is , well that 's for the listener to decide . The end result is mysterious , unsettling & downright moving.Without a doubt , this is `` Bonny Prince Billy '' a.ka . `` Palace '' a.ka . Will Oldham 's finest hour . The erratic , low-fi charms of his earlier works had flashes of brilliance , but there was plenty of self-indulgance to wade through . Here , it all comes together . On first listen , things like `` A Minor Place '' & `` Evil One '' might come off as downright chipper amidst dirges like `` Black '' & `` Knockturne '' . But given the time of day , there 's plenty of word play & humor at work . In other words , you have to go to him -- he wo n't come to you.Granted , Oldahm 's vocals are n't everyone 's cup of tea . I suppose you could say he 's a warbly cross between Neil Young & Leonard Cohen , often struggling to stay on key . If there 's anything compelling to be found in that , then Oldham 's mastered it . Musically , he lays his songs out there as quiet & bare as possible . In times past , some songs came off as mere sketches . Though perhaps all-too-brief , `` Raining In Darling '' is likely to leave you wanting for more.If Oldham were a speed metal freak , '' Death To Everyone '' could he a headbanger 's anthem , but he slyly keeps the sentiment just above a whisper , making it all the more powerful.Like very early Tom Waits or Nick Drake , Oldham 's albums all share the same pervasive after hours mood , a sombre twilight world , that has it 's fair share of subtle rewards once you lay your ear close to his door . If this wins you over , then proceed immediately to MASTER & EVERYONE or the recently released SUPERWOLF . Then maybe you 'll be ready to dip into the likes of his Palace Brothers era .
 Often regarded as his greatest , and can that be blamed ? For that rare album , BPB tunes all his minimal elements of alt-country despair deeper , and paired with his fleeting ability here to curb excessive posturing , simply is beautiful in his most selflessly intelligent , and varied way to date . Quite frankly , being as how this was the disc that broke him , it is sad how much more accidentally innovative and mistakenly magical this seems in retrospect when being suckered into damn near his entire catalog , hoping to find a fraction of the `` mistakes '' as are on here . I should have just stuck with this .
 This is and should be an essential album in the annals of music . What else can be said ?
 A somber heartfelt night-time winter classic.Great lyrics , great shaky voice.For some reason I think I can hear the backing musicians total belief in this project when I hear the songs.It just SOUNDS right.If you find a friend that can appreciate music of this quality , KEEP that friend.This is some special stuff .
 It boggles my mind that someone can sit down and write these kinds of melodies . If we 're all looking for that perfect combination of notes and words - the kind clearly understood by the Beatles - `` A Minor Place '' is it , along with several other tracks on this record , such as `` Madeleine-Mary '' and `` All Around . `` I like it in the same way I like the Shins ' `` New Slang '' , Mogwai 's `` Haunted by a Freak '' , and Brian Eno 's _ Another Green World _ . Something about it wo n't let you go .
 `` Joya '' and `` I See A Darkness '' are utter masterpieces . If you like one then buy the other immediately . The rest of the Oldham oeuvre is worth having too , but these two are the pinnacle .
 One of the spookiest , most personal albums I 've ever heard .
 A beautiful album . I can never get over how Will 's horrible voice can always , and I mean always , touch me in a place that few singers have .
 I am trying to be frugal with my five star reviews but this album deserves full marks without question . Judging by my screen name , one can safely assume that I am a Will Oldham fan . I , myself not being much of a writer , will avoid trying to pin this album down with my words but direct those interested to reviews at both pitchforkmedia.com and nme.com .
 I came across Will Oldham from Bjork 's website and was expecting something of her nature . What I found was a creativity of the same magnitude , but in an entirely different direction . ' I See A Darkness ' is most likely one of the most baring and darkening songs I 've heard in ages , and one I ca n't just listen to once . ' A minor place ' is an undiscovered gem leading off the album that should get more attention than it does . Quite an album to get a first impression from
 I did n't know who this guy was until I was trolling around the Internet recently loooking for new music and came across `` I See a Darkness '' . I 've listened to it three times . The first time I thought it was was good but slow . The second time , I got goosebumps . The third time , it hit me
 Bonnie Prince Billy combines soft and fragile melodies with atonal voices . He shows the beauty of error -LRB- Note the background voices in `` Just to see my Holly Home '' -RRB- and the crushing power of tenderness.Like almost everything that is `` REALLY '' good , you have to learn to appreciate this album . With every listening session there is something new that strikes you and slowly reveals the full beauty of this music.This is a true jewel , in desperate need to be treasured .
 For an avid Will Oldham fan like me this album started as a surprise . It actually sounds good ! The sound is now more polished , the music not recorded at once and the voice not as shaky as it used to be . You could say it 's a more commercial touch but he certainly deserves more credit for his songwriting skills.The first song ' A Minor Place ' relies completly on melody , it 's hard to think that the first 2,5 minutes are really the same but the melody is great and should therefor be part of the Oldham top 10 . Second song ` Nomadic Revery ' has a haunting chorus in the Appalachian style that could have been sung by David Eugene Edwards of 16 Horsepower.Track 3 might actually be his most famous song but not in this version but song by Johnny Cash on his American Recordings III . Like so many songs -LRB- U2 's ` One ' for example -RRB- that version is actually slightly better.The quality remains very high throughout the album . The lyrics still are not the most cheerful -LRB- Death to Everyone , which does have a lalala part -RRB- . I am not sure if I think this is Oldham 's best album , I still listen to his Palace-work more , but it certainly is great album and he shows that he is one of the greatest indie songwriters , up there with people like Lou Barlow .
 Greetings From Asbury Park served notice that there was a new musical force on the scene . On his debut , Bruce showed he was the best songwriter to come along since Bob Dylan . The album kicks off with the musical tongue twister `` Blinded By The Light '' that showed Bruce was n't a typical singer-songwriter . The song has a funky riff and is replete with horns . `` Spirit In The Night '' introduced the E Street sound and is a precursor to the character oriented songs that would appear later on Born To Run & Wild . `` Does This Bus Stop at 82nd St ? '' is fun and `` For You '' is a rare rock song about suicide . `` Growin ' Up '' & It 's So Hard To Be A Saint In The City '' show early signs of Bruce 's `` Tramp '' persona . `` Lost In The Flood '' is the great forgotten Bruce song and is as good a song as he has ever recorded . While Greetings is uneven at points -LRB- `` Mary , Queen of Arkansas ' & `` The Angel '' -RRB- , it shows an artist who had a very original sound and huge potential . It is great to throw it in the CD player and hear a young , raw and hungry Bruce Springsteen and listen to where it all started.The Wild , The Innocent & The E Street shuffle may only contain 7 songs , but they pack a punch and are among the finest of Bruce 's career . The album opens with the funky guitar riff of `` The E Street Shuffle '' . `` 4th Of July '' is the song that made Asbury Park famous and Madame Marie 's a mecca for Bruce fans . `` Kitty 's Back '' is a blazing rock 'n' soul workout and is followed by the comical `` Wild Billy 's Circus Story '' . On the original album , the last three songs constituted side two and it is about as perfect of an album side as there is in history . `` Incident on 57th Street '' , `` Rosalita '' and `` New York City Serenade '' is a three part musical suite and they flow seamlessly into one another . The stories they tell are so vivid that they are almost like musical literature . Bruce has released albums that were musically superior to Wild , but never one that was this much fun.In Darkness On The Edge Of Town , Springsteen 's characters are no longer looking to escape their problems , they 've giving up escape a long time ago . They are searching for answers to the situations they find themselves in . Optimism has been replaced by despair and cynicism . `` Badlands '' is an angry anthem about never being satisfied with where you are in life . `` Adam Raised A Cain '' is about the struggles between a father and his angry son and `` Factory '' is about the drudgery of everyday life . Songs like `` Something In The Night '' , `` The Promised Land '' and `` Racing In The Streets '' are about chasing a dream that one will probably never find . `` Candy 's Room '' , `` Streets Of Fire '' & `` Prove It All Night '' are about putting everything on the line for someone and having to constantly prove their devotion . The title song best sums up the album . People are looking for answers to the same questions , willing to pay the cost , but never find them . No matter how much time they search into the Darkness On The Edge Of Town , they end up in the same place .
 If I did n't have all three of these albums in my collection , I 'd jump on this deal . 3 early Bruce albums for ... ? Each disc buries every post - `` River '' album -LRB- with the exception of `` Nebraska '' -RRB- by a long shot . Of the 3 , `` Wild & Innocent '' is the least accessible , and even it boasts ` Rosalita ' , ' 4th of July ' -LRB- better known as ` Sandy ' -RRB- , and the weighty ` New York City Serenade ' . The poetry on `` Greetings '' is weird , and playful , and fun as hell
 In my humble opinion , ` The Wild , the Innocent , & the E st. Shuffle ' remains one of Bruce 's best albums . Taking a lot of inspiration from Van Morrison 's ` Astrel Weeks , ' Springsteen made a funky record that plays like cinema . Sort of a Scorsese-meets-Fellini epic . This was the record that had the East Coast rock community waiting in anticipation for what turned out to be ` Born to Run . ' -LRB- hence the simultanious Time & Newsweek cover stories -RRB- ` Darkness on the Edge of Town , ' of course , is loaded with Springsteen classics that he still plays live today - Badlands , Promised Land , Prove it All Night etc. . .
 I have not heard the first two albums in years . Early Bruce is so different than his current music . Hearing `` Rosalita '' reminded me of all the concerts I went to . Greetings ' `` Hard to be a Saint in the City '' is one my favorite songs ever
 What a price for 3 Bruce CDs !!!! Unbelievable ! Ca n't get enough of the Boss !
 Three of his best releases at a great price - what 's not to love ? All three are well-packaged -LRB- as originally released , as far as I can tell -RRB- . If you do n't have these cd 's , this is a good deal on three great recordings .
 The venue provides more impact upon an audience than the performance with this 1998 filming of Bizet 's great opera , a DVD issue that , although purportedly rich in sound technique , does not marry such to the actual recording . This particularly colourful rendition of Carmen is performed upon what likely is the grandest open-air stage that Europe offers , within the Roman quarry at St. Margarethen , Austria , a home site for passion plays each five years since 1926 , the basin 's over 40 metre high walls providing acoustical pleasure to those who celebrate bright sound realisations of musical theatre such as this one enacted during the locale 's annual operatic festival . Director Gianfranco de Bosio , erstwhile pilot of the Verona Festival that , along with the presentations at Bregenz , are the sole outdoor operatic events that currently attract larger audiences than those at St. Margarethen , gathers as is his wont a large international ensemble that executes viscerally satisfying effects and interludes that are referent to traditions of commedia dell ` arte that de Bosio favours , including choral offerings by the voices of the Stagione d'Opera Italiana and Honved-Ensemble Budapest , in addition to dancers from MHS Rosenthal Eisenstadt and Flamenco Tanztheater Barcelona . This performance was received well and is a prime reason that the Festival has become a cardinal cultural event in Continental Europe , with de Bosio 's idiosyncratic staging of Bizet 's dramatic masterpiece largely responsible for its success at St. Margarethen , as he cannily maneuvers over 400 performers -LRB- and a contingent of horses ! -RRB- although the opera interpretation itself is only patchily pleasing . Musically , Malgorzata Walewska is comfortable in the role of Carmen , and her able acting is of merit , making up this night for a rather light mezzo , while the closest to a star performance comes from lyric tenor Mario Malagnini as Don Jose , a role that he has taken on more than any other , and whereas there are moments when it would appear that he is acting by rote , his intonation is always splendid , his enunciation impeccable . Boaz Senator as the toreador Escamillo initially has some breath difficulty that he overcomes but his playing is wooden throughout as is that of Ulrike Sonntag as Micaela ; she , however , is in excellent voice , with but a single clinker . A majority of the supporting cast sings capably , with Susanna Fulop a standout as Frasquita . The Stagione d'Opera Italiana orchestra is led wonderfully well by Giorgio Croci in the many thrilling passages by Bizet , and lighting is dramatically effective as is most of a wide range of costumes , despite an uncomfortable fact that those garments worn by Walewska , beautiful in themselves , are less than complimentary to her . This is the abridged version of the opera that utilizes recitatives , amended many times since the originals by Bizet 's friend Guiraud that have served in lieu of the composer 's dialogue , but additionally there are numerous idiosyncratic alterations to the libretto while entire richly musical sequences have regrettably been excised from this shortened performance . The DVD is not a model for others to follow , as it is found wanting in several areas . Promised extras upon the package are a `` Making Of '' clip , interviews , and a synopsis in six languages , none of which is present . There is a brief documentary upon Bizet 's composition of Carmen and its first performance , in German with English narration , but it is of minimal consequence . A sound choice is supposedly offered between Dolby 5.1 and stereo , but in fact they are the same , and distortion is present in the overture . In summation , an audience must essentially rely for pleasure here upon the well-beloved music of Bizet along with glimpses of de Bosio 's elaborate stagecraft and these are surely enough to warrant a repeat showing .
 Bruce Cockburn , pronounced `` co-burn '' is the Canadian version of our own beloved Don McLean . Bruce writes anthems like Graham Nash . He is very irreverent and politically incorrect I LOVE HIM !!! This Bruce Cockburn Live -LCB- Greatest Hits -RCB- is the album to have if you do n't have any of his other material . I would also suggest you buy `` The Charity of Night '' his apex album . He does not sell well in America because he refuses to tour here . I have been following him since I saw him in an obscure nightclub in Windsor , Canada in 1969 when he was a solo act . He had that spark even then , now it 's a fireworks display like Macy 's .
 Any time you get to hear Bruce Cockburn live , it 's incredible . The man takes his songs and breathes brand new life into them . This particular album has Bruce at the front of a three-piece band . While he does n't have all the instrumental background here that he does in the studio , he plays each song like he totally believes in it , and makes up for the difference in studio coloring . `` Tibetan Side Of Town '' on this is a good example of what I 'm saying . The same could be said for the songs off of the `` Humans '' album , that are on this cd.Listen to this very loud if you want to get the full effect .
 Incredible guitar work . Impassioned singing . A fantastic drummer and instead of bass , a guy playing the Stick . The performance was captured perfectly on this recording . I wish I 'd been there ...
 first off , the sound quailty of this live recording from 1989 is outstanding . extremely clear and warm , with a nice deep bass . the performance itself is excellent . bruce cockburn has a rich pleasing voice , and his guitar playing is fantastic . on top of these gifts , he is a spectacular songwriter . not a bum cut on this fine recording . `` call it democracy , '' `` wondering where the lions are , '' and `` nicaragua , '' in particular , are pinnacle creations of songwriting craft . mr cockburn has another great live album , `` you pay your money and you take your chance , '' which even tops this one . this is an artist with an extensive discography , so if you are new to him , there is a lot of great stuff available for discovery . do n't miss out on his work .
 This is quite simply one of the very best live albums ever . Plain and simple !
 -LRB- also erroneously known as `` Bruce Cockburn Live '' -RRB- -LRB- 75.3 minutes -RRB- Now if you ask me , and a passel of folk what are interested in live musical recording do now and again , this here Live is about the best live album Bruce Cockburn has done . I reckon I am prejudiced towards this one because it is a whole lot longer that either of the other two so I get to enjoy even more music than in them two offerings . See , whenever I can hear more Bruce - then it 's better.Which brings me to another point , that Bruce Springberg feller , he ai n't never accomplished anything quite as monumental as anything Bruce Cockburn has done . He done a bunch of albums where he wails the praises of New Jersey and sings about the plight of the working man ... but that gets old fast . The real Bruce , Bruce Cockburn , gets considerably deeper than New Jersey and ephemeral blue collar concerns . He sings songs that are often about the human condition and Mr. Springberg ai n't never delved that deep . This entire subject gets my hackles raised.Another thing what gets my hackles raised is the fact that this here album is clearly marked with a title , and the title is `` Live . '' The title ai n't `` Bruce Cockburn Live . '' The title is one simple word . I do n't make a habit of correcting folk who insist on mispronouncing things or habitually making the same mistake -LRB- even though I find it irritating as all get out -RRB- but when it comes to Bruce and the details of his recordings , I am a stickler for the minutiae . Just like that other album he released in 1978 ai n't called `` The Further Adventures of Bruce Cockburn '' as some web-based music retailers insist ... all they have to do is look at the blasted thing and see what words on the cover and that pretty much equals the title . That album has the words `` Further Adventures of '' on the front , and I reckon that pretty clearly indicates that that is the name of the thing.I know I am wandering down the garden path and departing from the subject at hand and I ask you to forgive me of doing that ... I just get worked up sometimes . I have some subjects of great interest that I am particular about , Bruce Cockburn being one , the Designated Hitter Rule being another . I can mark the downfall of our society from 1973 when that blasted rule was forced on Baseball . If a man picks up a bat , then he ought to have enough self respect to fulfill his duty by getting out in to the field with a glove.There I go again down the garden path , and this time it is steep , slippery , and tenuous . I best return to Bruce . Buy this album . The extra cut does n't really add much , as it was fantastic already . Crank it up loud and let your double wide trailer start rocking with the music like we Huckabees do . This , therefore , is my endorsement .
 Over the course of 75 minutes , Canada 's best-kept secret Bruce Cockburn shares two decades ' worth of songs recorded over two nights in Ontario in August of 1989 . Most of the material reflects Cockburn 's humanitarian concerns -LRB- like `` Tibetan Side of Town '' -RRB- and/or political ideology -LRB- like the bonus track `` If I Had a Rocket Launcher '' -RRB- , but he also includes his lone stateside hit `` Wondering Where the Lions Are '' and the tongue-in-cheek `` Always Look on the Bright Side of Life , '' written by Eric Idle for the crucifixion scene in Monty Python 's `` The Life of Brian . `` In addition to being a terrific songwriter , Cockburn is a helluva guitar player as well . And with his backing band at a minimum -- Fergus Marsh on stick and Michael Sloski on drums -- his guitar playing is featured prominently.At age 58 and with more than 33 years of recordings to his name , Cockburn is never going to become a household name -LRB- and that 's a damn shame -RRB- , but it 's nice to see that Rounder has begun reissuing his late-seventies and eighties output -- including bonus material . The neophyte fan might better be served by the singles collection Anything Anytime Anywhere , but long-time fans will find much to enjoy here . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 This is a terrific document of Bruce Cockburn 's live powers from his 1989 world tour , and the stripped-down approach to his small band and the material itself - some of it wildly reworked - are great . With the crisp remastering , one can now see where the great Monte Montgomery got his ideas for complex , compelling and simply jaw-dropping guitar technique . Bruce is a monster on the guitar , but he never dips into self-indulgence on his six-string . He 's more in the vein of the thoughtful Mark Knopfler and Lindsey Buckingham rather than the mindless hair-metal style most people are familiar with . If you love Cockburn , buy it . If you want a fabulous introduction to his strong work , pick it up . It does not disappoint . Bruce ranks with Rush and The Band as some of Canada 's finest musical exports . Cheers to Rounder Records !!
 This collection of live tracks from Bruce 's 1989 Big Circumstance tour is short on the obvious -LRB- no `` If I Had a Rocket Launcher '' , or `` Trouble With Normal '' , even though `` Wondering Where the Lions Are '' shows up -RRB- , and long on the obscure . So much the better , because the album is packed with good-to-great performances of little heard gems.Highlights are `` See How I Miss You '' , `` After the Rain '' , and `` Tibetan Side of Town '' , all featuring Bruce 's breathtaking fingerpicking.All in all , a nice way to introduce your friends to a consummate artist .
 like all the great musicians are in a live setting . I 'd bet that at least three-quarters of the songs on here are easily better than the studio versions ; even the ones that are n't necessarily ` better ' are still just as fun to listen to ; for instance , a VERY different ska-punk version of `` Maybe the Poet '' , with a harmonica ! And it works ! Highlights include ... well , most of it , but ESPECIALLY `` To Raise the Morning Star '' , which falls into an amazing jam -LRB- also , excellent background vocals by drummer Michael Sloski and bassist Fergus Marsh here , and throughout the album -RRB- ; and the opener `` Silver Wheels '' , which dispenses with the somewhat-annoying flugelhorn on the original version , for a liquid-clear guitar solo . And a great , fun cover of `` Always Look on the Bright Side of Life '' . Works well as a greatest hits collection , to introduce someone to Bruce Cockburn .
 I have ten Cockburn albums and this , along with '' ... Burning Light '' , is the album I find listening to the most . It might be the finest live album I 've ever heard . The band is fantastic and the song choices reflect Bruce 's career almost perfectly . I 've seen him live several times and this album nearly replicates the spirit of his concert atmosphere . The man is a master . As another reviewer said , this is a desert island album . I 've even burned a back up copy . This is one you must have .
 Bruce Cockburn is another of those supremely underrated artists . I ca n't think of a better way to find this out than wearing out this excellent CD.I was a Bruce Cockburn fan in the early folk days , and did n't follow when he went the route of pop/reggae/disco social/political music . Recently a friend lent me a stack of his CDs , to catch up and re-evaluate . While I like his work much better than I used to -LRB- the guy is a very good songwriter and musician and I was overly superficial and critical -RRB- , I was n't ready to slap down any money on a particular CD -LRB- well , probably Dart To The Heart , I still like his non-political side -RRB- . Until I got to this one . This is a wonderful summary of years of his music , stripped of all the extra production values and musical effects . The only instruments are guitar , bass , drums and vocal . The songs are basically the same as the CD , but more alive , easier to see their essence . The sound quality is excellent , the musicianship is excellent -LRB- let me repeat , excellent -RRB- , the song selection is excellent , the vocals are excellent ... Sorry , I just ca n't think of a down side to this CD.If you have n't discovered Bruce Cockburn already , I think you will find his guitar work and sandpaper-smooth voice are really a pleasure to listen to . And if you have , this album makes it all fresh again .
 I had this album 10 years ago and really enjoyed half of it at the time . I just bought it ... and am glad to report that I enjoy all of it now . Uplifting album to listen to when the going gets rough .
 This is absolutely one of the best live albums I have ever heard . Of course , you have to be a Bruce fan . But the playing is great and it is hard to believe the band only consists of 3 players . This trio sounds really hot , thanks largely to the great guitar playing of Bruce and the Chapman Stick played by Fergus Jemison Marsh . Since it was recorded in ' 89 , the material is dated . But I found this one in a bargain bin for $ 5 a few years ago and it has become one of my desert island disks .
 -LRB- also erroneously known as `` Bruce Cockburn Live '' -RRB- -LRB- 75.3 minutes -RRB- Now if you ask me , and a passel of folk what are interested in live musical recording do now and again , this here Live is about the best live album Bruce Cockburn has done . I reckon I am prejudiced towards this one because it is a whole lot longer that either of the other two so I get to enjoy even more music than in them two offerings . See , whenever I can hear more Bruce - then it 's better.Which brings me to another point , that Bruce Springberg feller , he ai n't never accomplished anything quite as monumental as anything Bruce Cockburn has done . He done a bunch of albums where he wails the praises of New Jersey and sings about the plight of the working man ... but that gets old fast . The real Bruce , Bruce Cockburn , gets considerably deeper than New Jersey and ephemeral blue collar concerns . He sings songs that are often about the human condition and Mr. Springberg ai n't never delved that deep . This entire subject gets my hackles raised.Another thing what gets my hackles raised is the fact that this here album is clearly marked with a title , and the title is `` Live . '' The title ai n't `` Bruce Cockburn Live . '' The title is one simple word . I do n't make a habit of correcting folk who insist on mispronouncing things or habitually making the same mistake -LRB- even though I find it irritating as all get out -RRB- but when it comes to Bruce and the details of his recordings , I am a stickler for the minutiae . Just like that other album he released in 1978 ai n't called `` The Further Adventures of Bruce Cockburn '' as some web-based music retailers insist ... all they have to do is look at the blasted thing and see what words on the cover and that pretty much equals the title . That album has the words `` Further Adventures of '' on the front , and I reckon that pretty clearly indicates that that is the name of the thing.I know I am wandering down the garden path and departing from the subject at hand and I ask you to forgive me of doing that ... I just get worked up sometimes . I have some subjects of great interest that I am particular about , Bruce Cockburn being one , the Designated Hitter Rule being another . I can mark the downfall of our society from 1973 when that blasted rule was forced on Baseball . If a man picks up a bat , then he ought to have enough self respect to fulfill his duty by getting out in to the field with a glove.There I go again down the garden path , and this time it is steep , slippery , and tenuous . I best return to Bruce . Buy this album . The extra cut does n't really add much , as it was fantastic already . Crank it up loud and let your double wide trailer start rocking with the music like we Huckabees do . This , therefore , is my endorsement .
 I am a huge Oasis fan , yet this is my least favorite Oasis album . I like most of the songs on it except `` Girl in the Dirty Shirt '' and I absolutely hate `` All Around the World '' . But , though I do like most of the songs , I think the mood of the album is rubbish . It 's very depressing and not upbeat at all like the other albums of theirs . I think if they would have distributed the songs on different albums , it would have been that much better . You know , come on , this is n't Morning Glory ! All of their albums are wonderful , but I really think this one pales in comparison to the other 5 . At least it 's not Definitely Maybe .
 It really boggles my mind why critics and most fans despise this album , personally i think this is the best oasis album.Most of the songs are good , but there is no other song like `` do you know what i mean '' its one of their best songs , its up there with supersonic and wonderwall.The other songs in this album are almost equally amazing like the catchy song `` i hope i think i know '' and `` be here now `` I understand that some people think this album , if compared to the first 2 oasis albums , falls short.But i dont understand why people think it sucks.Its probably the best ... well for me personally .
 Be here now , is a beautiful cd , that is ebseloutly underrated.this cd containes wonderful songs like
 If i could give this album 10 stars , i would . I 'm a massive fan of Oasis - they 're my favourite band of all time . Definitley Maybe is the best debut album ever , What 's the Story Morning Glory before this album was the greatest album of all time . How can you follow up an album with such bonafide masterpieces such as Wonderwall , Do n't Look Back In Anger , Some Might Say , Morning Glory and Champagne Supernova?Be Here Now does it , does it with aplomb , with a lot of noise , arrogance and catchiness . Critics only panned this album because they compared it to the previous two Oasis releases . They still called it a great album , but nowhere near as good as what has become expected of Oasis . Which is absolute BS.Yes it 's loud . Yes it 's long . But it 's rock . Noel Gallagher has refused to play anything from BHN since the world tour of 1997/98 and it 's a damn shame . He has stated time and time again he rushed the third album and that it was recorded under a haze of cocaine and alcohol.D ` You Know What I Mean ? is an anthem for the ages , and the first single of the album . It 's a statement that yes , we are the biggest band in the f * & ^ % ng world and they know it . My Big Mouth continues the rock until we get to the Noel sung Magic Pie , and the Liam driven Stand By Me . Now we get really into the rock n roll.I hope , I think , I know & The Girl in the Dirty Shirt are pop/rock driven melodies that push the tempo of the album up , where My Big Mouth left off . Then we get in the bluesy/rock Fade In Out.Don ' t Go Away is a tear jerking ballad that takes the tempo down a nothc before we get into the self titled song , which is BHN 's best . The screaming toward the end of this track by Liam , mark as the best moment in any one Oasis song i can recall . He really goes hell for leather.All Around The World and It 's Getting Better Man are absolute gung ho , loud , rock , gangbusters which typlify the album . Loud , long , and f ^ % $ #ing aggressive , man.Obviously if you 're reading this review you are thinking about buying it . The fact that you do n't already have it is mindboggling , but there is time to be made up . Go out and buy the bloody thing now.Yeah , yeah yeah !
 When I thought of writing a review for this album the first word to completely describe this extravaganza of sound and emotion was , `` Bombastic ! '' The scope of this album is gigantic , their incredible ambition notable on each and every song . These guys exude such a high level of confidence on each track here that I simply could n't help but enjoy myself . Their confidence is that infectious ! There are the familiar nods to The Stone Roses and The Beatles , undeniable influences , but here there are also Led Zeppelin flourishes that make the music sound immense and powerful . While this CD certainly is n't as tightly produced as '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? , '' it is equally ambitious , infrequently overblown , and is certainly worth the paltry sum they are asking for here at Amazon.com . This is a solid album , and is easy to recommend . Later .
 I feel that this , and Morning Glory -LRB- the CD that Oasis put out before this one -RRB- are the best CDs for those new to Oasis.Why ? This is the last CD Oasis made with the core of the original band.Also , Noel is writing very long dreamy heavy rock songs and rock ballads that are well-crafted , yet that go nowhere and in circles but just enjoy doing that , cause that 's what it 's all about anyway , ehs ? Noel 's guitarwork is all over the sonic screen , and Liam sounds great , too.A great , long album not unlike all the double-LP rock albums of the Seventies that had vague concepts and heavy chording.Get it .
 Anyone else notice what ever happened to Liam 's accent ? Anyway , while some of the songs are too long , especially All Around the World , Oasis still manages to make some great songs such as D'You Know What I Mean ? , Be Here Now and Do n't Go Away . Most of the other songs are pretty stale and unmemorable . Not as good as DM or WTSMG , but still better then any one else .
 Who said anything about bloated and overproduced ? Be Here Now ranks as one of my favorite albums of all time . It hooks you from the first track and does n't let go of you untill the door shuts on the `` All Around the World -LRB- Reprise -RRB- '' at the end of the album . This album should be the standard to which all rock musicians aim . While nearly all the tracks are not radio friendly due to their length , you find yourself wishing that the song could go on forever even after the 7 minute mark in `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' This classic album should be owned by everyone , so do n't let others tell you what to think , if you were n't an Oasis fan before listening to it , you will be one after !
 My review referred to the vinyl version of Be Here Now ... - with the perfect large cover-art ... - yes , it all makes sense now/then ... - listen on headphones ... Tape it ! ...
 Listen to this album and get all you can of decent music from these guys . Their subsequent recordings have all been subpar and their recent live album was a travesty . There are three super tracks on this disc - # 1 , # 8 , and # 10 - and the others blend in seemlessly . Give this one a good listen and remember when Oasis could have been the next big thing .
 I do n't konw why everybody critic this GREAT album , I think it 's Oasis best , we got excellent guitars , a very inspired Liam that can touch the roof with his voice and the other 3 . There are also a lot of classics like `` d'you know what I mean ? '' personally the best Oasis Chorus ever , we got `` stand by me '' , `` the girl in the dirty shirt '' wich is the best song of the entire album , `` do n't go away '' and a great song that define the hole spirit of the album
 Why is everyone criticizing this album ? In my opinion , this is muucccch better than SOTSOG . It contains memorable melodies , riffs and lyrics . Admittedly , Fade In-Out is a little slow and a bit too long but otherwise this is a fantastic album . My personal favourite is My Big Mouth which IS an attempt at hard rock and a very successful one too , almost the best on the album . D'You Know What I Mean is a very good start to the album , it 's a memorable song . Magic Pie is good too but you need to be a certain mood to fully appreciate it . Stand By Me is again memorable , but a bit too long for my liking . I wont go thorugh all the rest but Do n't Go Away is good , Be Here Now is extremely catchy , All Around The World is just simply AWESOME and one of the best LONGER songs that I have heard and It 's Gettin Better Man is a brilliant end to the album . So , stop criticizing and learn that no matter how bland or dull , slow and boring you think Oasis music has become , they will always be the best band in the world and EVERY album will be AMAZING ! Recommended for all types of music fans !
 This album represents the maturity which Oasis has acquired after the release of their first two albums . Much more beautiful sounds are being made - favorites are `` Magic Pie '' , `` Stand By Me '' , `` Girl in the Dirty Shirt '' , and `` All Around the World '' . Released on the readio were excellent singles `` D'you Know What I Mean '' and `` Do n't Go Away '' , the former an excellent and defiant rock song , the latter a soothing love song . Oasis keeps on rocking with the rest of their songs and ends with an Instrumental version of `` All Around the World '' .
 This album was considered a faliur by many critics , for the life of me I can not see why ! At first listening , the album was a fiarly good Cd , but with time it gets better and better ! I have to admit to finding myself listening to the second half of the album more than the first . But with songs such as Do n't go away , Be here now , Allaround the world and It 's gettin better man , who can blame me ! Thats not to say the first half isnt good , tghe great opening to d'ya know what i mean is exellent , so is the song , another first half highlight would be I hope , i think , I know and of course the wonderful Stand by me ! In my opinion this album surpasses its predecessors and helps elevate oasis to a new level , and if you do n't believe a word I 'm saying , then check out Dont go away , if that does n't change you 're opinion - nothing will ! From JPJ
 I do n't see why critics and even other Oasis fans keep downing this album . And I certainly do n't see why it was thought such a failure ... `` Some bands will never sell that many records in their whole career '' ... With the exception of Magic Pie -LRB- it just rubs me the wrong way -RRB- I like every song on this album . Be Here Now is one of my favorite Oasis songs it 's just plain head bobbin ' , foot tappin ' fun . Do n't go away is by far the best track on this album . And I love Girl In the Dirty Shirt . Oasis rocks and I 'd like to talk to anyone who feels the same so e-mail me at yub_yub@excite.com
 Although many people prefer Morning Glory , this is my favourite Oasis album . I love the heavy , and to me very interesting production . The layered guitars , sound effects , keyboards and percussion create a marvellously powerful ` wall of sound ' . I like all the songs on this record but the highlights for me are Do You Know What I Mean ? , Magic Pie , Stand By Me , Do n't Go Away and the magestic All Around the World . The songs on this album may seem very long and can be quite boring at first . But this is an album that should be listened to . It 's fantastic to hear it all and focus on all the parts . It 's an album that should be got and should be really listened to .
 This is one of the greatest musical albums off all time . All though we hear the fighting between the brothers Gallagher they can still put together one heck of a album . With exception of My Big Mouth the album is an absolute masterpiece of emotions and musical skill . A complete step up from Morning Glory , this time the boys of Oasis experiment with louder and more creative songs . From electric guitar riffs to acoustic ballads this is one great album , The longest and most diverse song All Around the World starts off with acoustics and 9 minutes later you are awash in electric rythmn . All and all if you have never heard Oasis this should be your introductory album .
 Today where alternative rock bands come for a dime a dozen and rap is the only thing you can find on MTV , it is quite a relief to have a band who sound nothing like anything else out today , and nothing like the beatles for that matter , so get over it ! This record is amazing in every way . This is the best rock and roll album EVER !
 '' Be Here Now '' is the best Oasis CD that I ever heard . Usually a CD has 3 or 4 songs that are '' good '' ; but in this CD all of the songs are great . This CD is much better than '' What 's The Story Morning Glory ? '' IT IS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've hearrd this cd and its great ! It has great songs like Stand by me , Do n't go away , All around the world , Its getting better man , but this songs are just some of the greatests songs shown in this cd ... Buy it , its great , this is another master cd added to my favorites ... I loveit !
 I 've been a fan of Oasis since mid-2009 after coming across `` Wonderwall '' , `` Champagne Supernova '' , and `` Supersonic '' , the latter being my most favorite song ever . There has n't been a day since then that I did n't listen to their music . My `` obsession '' has made very fond of them , even post-breakup . I 've purchased their first two acclaimed albums , and now , BE HERE NOW , the album that , some might say , was the end of Oasis because of overproduction , fueled by drugs.DEFINITELY MAYBE is a great album because of its confident attitude , inspirational lyrics , and catchy melodies that , to this day , I ca n't get over . `` Rock 'N' Roll Star '' , `` Live Forever '' , and `` Supersonic '' are my favorites off the album . MORNING GLORY proceeded to sound more pop , but was a landmark album in the era of Britpop . My favorites are `` Wonderwall '' , `` Morning Glory '' , and `` Champagne Supernova '' . Like all of Oasis ' 30 singles , before I bought their albums , I put them all into my iPod to listen to later . Prior to listening to BE HERE NOW , I had thought its four singles - `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' , `` Stand By Me '' , `` Do n't Go Away '' , `` All Around the World '' - were good , but not great . `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' was a song I avoided on my iPod many times because I thought it was just too long , so it was always at the back of the line for me . However , after putting the CD into my stereo , I was amazed at its level of rockability ... If there 's such a word . This song is a great opener , and it makes you want to feel like a bad * ss ... 9/10 `` My Big Mouth '' is a hard-rocking song , probably on par with `` Rock 'N' Roll Star '' . For me , this is the epitome of Oasis , and it has become one of my favorites off the album for its loudness and Liam 's loud vocals , especially during the chorus . Nice song to play to piss off the neighbors at night ... 10/10When `` Magic Pie '' came on , I thought its opening verse was the beginning of another great song , but its poorly written and uninspiring pre-chorus and chorus destroys its potential . `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' was the first of five bloated songs on the album , and although DYKWIM 's attitude and tempo equates well with its length , the same can not be said with `` Magic Pie '' . It goes on for too long . It 's also amazing how `` Stay Young '' - a fan favorite - was left out of the album in favor for this mediocre song . `` Stay Young '' - which I 'd rate a 10/10 - inevitably became a B-side - probably by a coked up Noel Gallagher - could 've served as BE HERE NOW 's `` Live Forever '' or `` Wonderwall '' . The verses do have some redeeming qualities however ... 6/10 `` Stand By Me '' is an uplifting song , but the chorus gets a little repetitive ... 8/10 `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' is one of my favorites off the album because I 've fallen in love with its hook , which can be heard on `` Stay Young '' . I really have to give credit to Noel for his ability to come up with some catchy melodies , and of course , for writing the lyrics that his younger brother , Liam , delivers nicely . The song sounds pop , and it 's one of the more up-tempo songs on the album ... 9/10 `` The Girl in the Dirty Shirt '' is a nice and upbeat tune . I compare it to `` Slide Away '' on DEFINITELY MAYBE and `` She 's Electric '' on MORNING GLORY as the more romantic tracks that Noel has to offer ... 7/10I 'm a fan of Johnny Depp , but I do n't get all the talk about his involvement with `` Fade In-Out '' . The song itself sounds boring personally . This is probably the weakest point on the album , and I can barely tolerate its bloated length ... 5/10 `` Do n't Go Away '' is one of the more melancholic songs Oasis has had to offer in their first three albums -LRB- `` Sad Song '' on DEFINITELY MAYBE and `` Cast No Shadow '' on MORNING GLORY are nice songs -RRB- , but this one is the most beautiful . I 'm a fan of positivity , but it 's indeed one of better songs off the album ... At this point , I 've come to realize that this album ai n't so bad ... 8/10If `` Magic Pie '' and `` Fade In-Out '' were n't so long , I would n't have to take a break to go to the toilet.I return to BE HERE NOW and listen to `` Be Here Now '' , which returns to uptempo rock , but there 's really nothing special here . It 's opening riff reminds me of `` The Hindu Times '' on HEATHEN CHEMISTRY . It 's a song about opening up your eyes and getting a grip on yourself inside ... 7/10The first three minutes of `` All Around the World '' are some of the best things Noel has ever written , but the final six minutes are so bloated , it 's ridiculous . Like most of the album , I do n't mind the overproduction ; it 's the length that bothers me . `` All Around the World '' would 've been perfect if it were six minutes long . It should 've been BE HERE NOW 's `` Champagne Supernova '' , but the length just ruins it . It 's like a good movie with a bad ending ... 7/10 -LRB- 9/10 for a shortened version -RRB- `` It 's Gettin ' Better , Man ! '' is the final track , but should 've appeared earlier for `` All Around the World '' to finish off the album . It 's behind `` DYKWIM '' and `` My Big Mouth '' in terms of ... rockability ... but a fade out should 've occurred after the 5:30 mark . If I was drunk , however , I would n't mind the longer outro ... 8/10 `` All Around the World -LRB- Reprise -RRB- '' ... Now you 're really pushing it , Mr. Gallagher ... 1/10BE HERE NOW had the potential to be the third great album . It irritates me that Oasis ' success deteriorated dramatically after the release of BE HERE NOW . Songs like `` My Big Mouth '' and `` It 's Gettin ' Better , Man ! '' should 've served as a foreshadowing that the future was indeed their 's , but hubris and drugs served to be their tragic flaw . The overproduction does n't bother me ; I love Oasis because of their loudness . But like the album as a whole , `` It 's Gettin ' Better , Man ! '' and `` All Around the World '' could 've benefited from being shortened . Also , the exclusion of `` Stay Young '' - took me a while to discover it , and it has become one of my favorites - really hurt the album , as there is n't really a standout track that could 've elevated the album as a whole . There 's no sense in thinking about what could 've been , '' 'cause in the end , the past means nothing , '' but what a shame.But ! BE HERE NOW is still a very good album that contains some very good songs . My personal favorites are `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' , `` My Big Mouth '' , and `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' . I hope in the future , Noel will decide to release an album called BE HERE NOW -LRB- REMASTERED -RRB- . Now that would be a better reprise , Mr. Gallagher . Instead of four , I 'd give that five stars .
 It was just as I expected , arrived aearly and it was as they said it will be , it 's just perfect
 I bought this only for All Around the World . That song makes this whole cd five stars . Ca n't stand the rest of it . My friends tell me it will grow on you , but it has n't . I wish I had bought the single instead , I think it has Street Fighting Man on it . Oh well , who knew ? OASIS , the Partridge Family these guys are n't . So sad , too bad .
 This was actually better than what most will tell you . And considering the time frame for they 're favorite group this has to be considered this group 's Masterpiece.Simply put some of us were not waiting for Morning Glory 2 . And the imagination put forth on this is simply stunning . `` Magic Pie '' is unmatched for sound and beauty and I ca n't think of another one of they 're CD 's that makes me return over and over again.No this is not what may be considered what made them `` Fimiliar to Millions '' . This , and I dread this word is `` Art '' . Check it .
 This album solidified my love of Oasis from an early inkling of appreciation fostered by the rock radio standard `` Champagne Supernova '' from two years prior . Upon my ears ' receiving it , I was floored by this album 's massive sound . The opening track `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' lifts the minor chord progression from the pseudo-love song and eminent Oasis hit `` Wonderwall '' and turns it into a grandiose epic ; almost too big of a song to NOT be played in a football stadium at full blast . From there , the tracks remain relentless.The album seems to scoff at you
 ... they blew it with Standing on the shoulder of giants.There are some terrible songs on their.This is better than Morning Glory , and the only reason why no one liked it was cause there were ` nt any real classic tunes on it - but who gives a f*ck ! The songs are great , the musics great it f*ck en rocks.Top Stuff - rock n roll ! etc. .
 This is a fantastic album . I bought it after Definately Maybe and What 's the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- . It 's longer , rougher , and heavier . It 's just filled with great songs . The album as a whole may have some weak points , but songs like D'You Know What I Mean ? , Magic Pie , Stand By Me , Fade In-Out , and of course , Do n't Go Away , really make this a must-own . The album is a lot of a certain Oasis style that is unlike What 's the Story , so I can see how this might be hit or miss for some people -LRB- especially if you want short songs , because the avgerage length here is 6 minutes -RRB- , but I love it . Great stuff , highly recomended .
 Not so long before this album came out , Oasis were praised for there Pop hooks , over crunching guitars , with a pinch of infectious lyricsm . And this album has it all , so what was the problem . Well it seems there arrogance and slating of other artist was getting to people . Which is a shame for this album is worth much praise . From the arrogant snare of Liam 's voice , to Noel 's clever and sometimes vague lyrics . Your marvel at the music . Sure the lyics do n't make much sense sometimes , but who cares . It 's just music . `` D'ya Know What I Mean '' opens the album with a brash stare of cockiness only Oasis could pull off . `` Step off the train all alone at dawn/Back in to hole where I was born '' are the first lines uttered from Liam 's lips , and right then and there you feel a rush of adrenaline . And for 7 and a half minutes your mesmerized by walls of guitars and useless sound effects -LRB- but you could n't care less -RRB- . The album contiues the trend of loud guitars and `` What the hell ? '' lyrics with songs like `` My Big Mouth '' `` Be Here Now '' and pretty much the rest of the album . `` Stand by Me '' and `` All Around The World '' shows the anthemetic genius Noel at work . You find yourself humming it or singing the song in your head an hour later . Which is what Oasis is for . But the real show stopper is `` Do n't Go Away '' . A heart wrenching song written for Liam 's and Noel 's mother who was ill -LRB- She 's fine now -RRB- . Lines like `` Danm my education/I ca n't find the words to say/For all the things caught in my mind '' are probably the most touching things Noel has ever wrote.So take my word if you wish . Get the album , stomp your feet to it , sing it agian later in you head , and enjoy it . It 's just a danm good time.P.S.These are b-sides that I believe are worthy of the album , but did n't make it : -LRB- I Got -RRB- The FeverStay YoungThe FameFlashbax
 5 stars , easy ... Their best effort , in an odd way , though incomplete ... Arguably one of the best songs from the Be Here Now sessions was the song `` Stay Young '' ... - on the B-side of the D'ya KNow single ; also `` The Fever and another one on the STand By Me single , also good ... -LRB- And yes , parts of their first two albums are great -RRB- ... This was the first Oasis CD I ever bought or even heard . . I 'd only seen the WOnderwall video and thought it was okay , but not so great ... Then I saw the D'ya Know what I Mean video a few years later ... did n't really like it ... - but kept hearing or reading about the Be Here Now release on the radio or TV , or in the mags ... So I bought it ... and I was not disappointed ... It is really mind music , or at least written that way ... This is n't too much about dance or a dance party on substances ... ; - this is the day after , mellowing out and then doing it all over again with the parties . . This will be their Exile , White Lp , BoB , Physical Grafiti . . - their great double Lp ... It 's great that it 's long ... - it doens ' t give one the time to deem whether it 's any good or not ... really , either you like it or you do n't ... - that 's what double-lps force the listener to commit ... Maybe they did n't care about Be Here Now when they were making it . . but it does n't matter ... -LRB- that 's why people loved Oasis their first two or three years ... - because it was obvious that they guys did n't give a damn , and they played like it ... Noel cared about the songs somewhat , though ... - and on BeHereNow he lays it all out . . sings a song or two ... plays guitar layer upon guitar layer ... -LRB- And what 's with the atmospheric sound overlay effect at the beginning of D'yknow What ? ... I mean , it 's like the beginning to Astronome DOmine by Flloyd -RRB- ... And even though the band does n't seem to care ... well , this may well be their last record where everyone does care ... They finally get their ace-pro drummer they 've been wanting , after being unhappy with orig . drummer Tony McCaroll 's skills -LRB- he got the sack a la Beatle Pete Best , but after fame . . - even worse a fate ! -RRB- ... I can see why people did n't listen to the whole album the first time , the first time through ... You have to be a sound and music fanatic to really dig it , I think ... unless you know what of the poppy songs you want to hear before hand ... I do n't know who they were trying to appeal to here , people that like the Beatles , Mod , the Jam , and the E-Manchester scene ... like edging toward the Style Council , but too tough to go over the edge like that ... Still , Noel gets away with having/duping ? Liam sing some of the sweetest songs , like Stand By Me , Do n't Go Away , Girl in the Dirty Shirt -LRB- a Kinks like vibe , but genious in that it would be a difficult song in itself to actually dance to ... ; it 's great how the chorus gets extended at the end , great hook -RRB- ... The arrangements and background flourishes during Stand By Me are still underrated , and the melody is fine ... And what can be said of It 's Getting Better , Man ! ... The song rocks ! ... And this album has the whole feel of Oasis in the lush vistas of their first taste of worldwide fame ... - all snow and Sticky Fingers jetting around the world ... They cling to England and London with their last tax-forms . . ; - dodging forever after ... THe album cover says it all ... ; the scooter , parka , shades , phonograph . . - and that 's just Liam ... It 's mod ... and jazz . . and pop . . and English R & B. . . and Manchester . . and northern ... and . . and . . What really stops this CD from feeling complete is the missing of `` Stay Young '' , `` The Fever '' , -LRB- - though one day these will be included ... - maybe in 25 years -RRB- ... Stay Young is essential ... And ... - unfortunately , due to the change in personnel -LRB- the lovable rhythm guitarist Bonehead and bassplayer Guigsy leaving the group after the tour . . - the end of an era -RRB- . . unfortunately . . Oasis are unlikely to put out a live CD of their Be Here Now tour -LRB- the -97 dates in particular are greatness -RRB- . . - might see something in 30 years , though . . but so much for now ...
 In so many ways , this is the album that Oasis were destined to make . They had been a cocky , over-the-top , excessive group before , but on `` Be Here Now '' they really cranked up the noise and bravado . Just look at the length of the songs . `` My Big Mouth '' -LRB- my personal favorite track -RRB- seems like a simple ditty compared to the colossal songs that make up the remainder of the album . `` All Around the World '' clocks in at a modest 9 minutes , and then reprises at the end of the disc . `` D'ya Know What I Mean '' begins the album with a bombastic roar that never really relents . Yet , this is exactly the road that Oasis was headed in from the very beginning . They were always about being the biggest , about being the best to the point of excess . This album is the culmination of the lifestyle they had been enjoying up til ' 97 . That 's exactly what makes this album so great . It 's carefree yet bombastic . It 's fun but overwhelming . It 's both frustrating and engaging . There is no other Oasis album like it , for better or for worse . All of the criticisms mean nothing when you hear a song as wonderful as `` Stand By Me '' or `` Magic Pie . '' Oasis were nothing if not entertaining -LRB- something that ca n't be said of their most recent efforts -RRB- . `` Be Here Now '' is both a celebration of and a funeral for Britpop . Give it another chance . I 'm sure you 'll like it .
 The most hyped album of 1997 came in with a monster bang . Although it faded away quickly , it most defintely did not deserve the treatment it got . The press dumped it after its poor showing in the US , and the album went away soon enough in England . `` Be Here Now '' , though flawed , is one of the finest rock albums of the decade , and it truly established Oasis as a creative force , with excellent arrangements and overpowering riffs . `` Be Here Now '' is really ambitious . Really , really ambitious . The album 's 11 songs comprise a running time of over 70 minutes , and the centerpiece is almost 10 minutes long ! The opener , the 6 and half minute `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' is an intense piece , complemented by almost every other song on the album . Oasis churns the guitars and drums up to 11 , driving opposition away like a hurricane . Standout songs include the short `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' , at only 4 and a half minutes , `` Fade In-Out '' , the album 's best track with an intense blues riff , and `` Do n't Go Away '' , a fine ballad with multiple instruments.As with any Oasis album , there are the references to John , Paul , George , and Ringo . `` All Around the World '' is a direct copy of Hey Jude , and the lyrics of the songs are almost carbon copies of Beatles ' songs -LRB- The fool on the hill/And I feel fine -RRB- . That is permissible , however , because the music is damn good.The problem with BHN , however , is the length . The 10th song , `` All Around the World '' , at 10 minutes , is about 4 and a half minutes too long . After a while , the guitars and drums start pounding on your head , and sanity is almost lost . There are so many incredible bright spots on this album . Noel Gallagher uses the most complex arrangements he 's ever made , Liam learns how to sing beautifully in the ballads , and the playing is truly fantastic . With the exception of one song , the album is almost classic . If Oasis had used a little editing , BHN could have been the best album of the last 20 years . As it is , it 's still one hell of a rock record , and one of the best in a long time .
 This is a difficult album to review . People either embrace it or pass it off as an overproduced , overblown waste of their time . However , I can say that this is my favorite Oasis album . Why ? That 's a very good question ... maybe because Be Here Now was my introduction to Oasis , and I could tell that this band had a lot to offer , even through the drug-addled , overproduced songs that seemed to last forever . Each one is very catchy and has an overall feel-good quality to it , two characteristics of most Oasis songs.It 's no use comparing Be Here Now to Morning Glory or Def . Maybe , because it 's in a whole other ballpark . This is Oasis going totally over the top and pushing their music to the limit . No doubt that all the coke helped with that . It 's my firm belief that Morning Glory and Def . Maybe were and still are great albums in their own rights . Be Here Now is just something else , you either love it or hate it . It has it 's own little Oasis category . I can see why it never really lived up to its two famous predecessors.There are some valid complaints about this album , though . One , it is very very overproduced , filled to the top with snarling buzzing guitars and who knows what else . Unfortunately , this makes it hard to listen to with earphones for very long . Two , the songs are astonishingly long at times . All Around the World , while an excellent song , clocks in at around 9:20 . I believe that the shortest song is I Hope , I Think , I Know , coming in at 4:23 . So you know you 're in for a long , wild ride.However , only Oasis could pull this off - making ridiculously long songs that are almost ear-numbing to listen to - and every minute is made enjoyable . All the arrogance , coke , and swagger in these songs is perhaps what makes it so appealing to some people . And of course , there 's that small note on the upper left-hand corner of pages 7 and 8 in the booklet that proclaims
 Ok , here 's the deal ; I love Oasis and saw the incredibly cool video for `` All Around The World '' -LRB- check out the visual puns like the `` wingtips '' -RRB- Anyway , I did n't want to spend the money on a cd that was bashed by everybody . So I found it at the library and WOW ! This cd is incredible . I was listening to it and suddenly remembered `` Do n't Go Away '' I had forgotten about that song . It 's every bit as good as if not better than `` What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- . '' Oasis is really better than everybody thinks and this cd is better than everybody thinks .
 It 's very easy to criticize this album , seeing as how Noel Gallagher set the standard for great '90s music fairly high with Oasis ' previous two albums , both of which can be considered among the five best albums of this decade . Yes , there are faults with this album -- some songs are too long , and the album on the whole seems too content with itself , too unwilling to build upon the resounding brilliance of '' -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' -- something which can perhaps be chalked up to this being the first time Noel Gallagher wrote songs while being truly wealthy . Perhaps had the songs been written back in Burnage , rather than in Caribbean hideaways , there would have been more of a hunger , more of an edge to the songs.That said , this is still Noel Gallagher we 're talking about , perhaps the best songwriter of this decade . There are gems here
 Bloated , loud , sprawling , overlong and overdubbed to within an inch of it 's life ... and I love every minute of it ! Consider where Oasis were when this was recorded ; fresh on the heels of 2 triumphant , sold out nights at Knebworth and quite frankly the biggest band on earth at that moment , `` BE HERE NOW '' is the only record they could have made . If you were on top of the world , being hailed as a pop genius -LRB- Noel Gallagher -RRB- and making enough money to buy & sell Her Majesty The Queen several times over , would n't you celebrate just a little ? I love it when bands over-reach just a tad and true , here Oasis are nearly crushed by thier own ambition but somehow it all works . The roaring hurricane of guitars on `` My Big Mouth '' , the funky , hip-hoppish backbeat on `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' and the epic sweep of `` All Around The World '' are reason enough to own this but in my opinion , every track here could have been issued as a single -LRB- perhaps with all instrumentals thrown in -RRB- my particular favorite being the Noel led `` Magic Pie '' , by the way , what exactly is that ? There really is no middle ground when it comes to Oasis third LP , people either love it or despise it and I happen to be in the former catergory ... besides , 13 years on , the lyric `` the fool on the hill and I feel fine '' still cracks me up ! What 's not to love ?
 I do n't understand Noel 's disdain for this record . Hell , it might be my FAVOURITE Oasis album of all -LRB- 7 -RRB- !! I bought the album on August 26 , 1997 and it has been close at hand ever since . This is a pure , powerfully agressive masterpiece that I bet will get recieved better as the yrs go by . This record is about as subtle as a nuclear bomb . Raw aggression , yet still very listenable . Unlike the `` hard rock '' that is played on the radio these days , there is some quality to it . Sure , it 's a bit overdone , but that 's not necessarily a bad thing . To me , music serves as escapism , a mood changer of sorts and BHN completes that mission with flying colors . If you have n't listened to BHN in some time , try it again . If you have never heard BHN give it a try . THIS IS OASIS in it 's purist , rawest form !!! BTW , I got to see them live on the BHN tour !!!!
 It 's striking how much the reviews of `` Be Here Now , '' positive and negative alike , refer to the hype and criticism the album received when it came out . Listening to this album for the first time today , without context , without the Gallagher brothers swaggering around acting like arseholes on TV or whatever it was that has earned them so much enmity , I thought it was great . I was blown away by the opening track `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' and had to listen to it twice before I could move on to the rest . The slide sound of the guitar on `` Fade In-Out '' stands out , and `` All Around the World '' rises to a crescendo of ridiculousness that 's actually exhilarating . These songs are long , but they are packed with hooks . The album sounds familiar to me -- not derivative , but like an old friend , somehow . I can tell even sober that `` Be Here Now '' would be awesome if I was drunk , and I call that a good thing.A lot of the positive reviews urge people who have dismissed Oasis or this album to give it a second chance . I want to tell people like me , who were never on the bandwagon , to give it a first . It 's accessible and loud and really fun .
 In 1997 the band 's third offering `` Be Here Now '' hit the stores with a lot of public anticipation . The finished product did n't disappoint me at all ! The songs were recorded using many different studios between October '96 and April ' 97 . The line-up consisted of Liam Gallagher on vocals , his brother and main songwriter Noel Gallagher on lead guitar/vocals , Paul `` Bonehead '' Arthurs on rhythm guitar , Paul McGuigan on bass and Alan White on drums.The music on this album brings back memories , I remember when I first heard this CD in the spring of ' 99 ; not the happiest of times for me but I still enjoy playing this album since all songs on it are great!Some highlights are the two excellent ballads `` Stand By Me '' and `` Do n't Go Way '' with catchy singing and cool guitar . The first cut `` Do You Know What I Mean ? '' has an experimental arrangement with a lot of strange feedback effects , backward voices etc. but its one of my favorites . Guitarist Noel did the lead vocals on only one song this time
 Way , way back when this album first surfaced -LRB- ' 97 ? -RRB- , I was an impressionable young adult , and made the mistake of believing what I read ; in this case a Rolling Stone review.If I recall correctly , they basically said that Oasis has gotten too big for their britches , and this is what happens when a band has too much money and too much coke . I remember that part . I could n't make it up.A month ago I bought the CD again . It 's amazing . So many people hated and wanted to destroy Oasis . Sure , they were cocky as all get out , but they DELIVERED the goods.Hey , could AT&T ; be wrong ? `` All Around the World '' is a brilliant telecommunications jingle . I also love many other songs on this album , basically all of them . I would even say I listen to it more than `` What 's the Story ... '' . That 's my two cents -LRB- or pence -RRB- . I 'll never believe Rolling Stone so naively again .
 I love Oasis . There I said it . I kind of look at them as a guilty pleasure . Its bombastic rock music . They want to be the Beatles of this generation , all the while knowing no one will ever be the Beatles of any other generation again.That being said , they are still one amazing band . I absolutely love Whats the Story Morning Glory AND this album , but I feel this one is slightly better as a whole.First , the album kicks of with a grand rollicking anthem that is catchy and you never even know that you just spent almost 8 minutes listening to rock at its best . My other favorite songs on the album include Dont Go Away , Fade In-Out , and the touching Stand By Me which I have yet to figure out why this song has n't been used over and over as a movie anthem.I have yet to buy an Oasis album that is n't worthwhile , but if you are looking to start the collection , this is where to start . There is no filler and every song is top quality .
 First of all , Oasis is n't -LRB- or was n't -RRB- the greatest band in the world . The music that Oasis produced during the 90 's was mostly great , but they werent that influential like a dozen of other bands before them . But who cares anyway . It 's no competition , is it ? Besides , there 's no sense in comparing bands that had their glorydays through different decades.When Oasis arrived they made a whole generation of young kids believe they were actualy the greatest band on earth . Fair enough , but in that case you can expect some critics who 'll sharpen their knives and can not wait to get your ass as soon as you put out an album that can not live up the hype.And that 's waht happened after the release of Be Here Now . Oasis always said -LRB- if not shouted -RRB- they were the biggest , the best etc. . But when you say that you must be better that the allknown best popband of alltime -LRB- and also most influental -RRB- The Beatles . A Band who not only created a lot of original popgems but also re-invented themselves and therefore were a major influence on popmusic in general.Oasis has always been a simple -LRB- but pure -RRB- rock 'n roll band who were also influenced by the beatles . But then again , they let the experiments to other bands like Radiohead.In the summer of 97 veryone was expecting the greatest album of all time
 I 'd have to say this may be one of my personal favourite Oasis albums ... I know a lot of people were a little down on this particular album ... and a lot of people are more into the more pop hits such as Wonderwall -LRB- which is fair -RRB- ... But personally I am moved to no end by such songs as ` Do n't go away ' -- I feel there is just so much raw emotion captured in ` Be Here Now ' it ca n't be ignored ... or brushed off as an inferior album ... Because in my personal opinion - Noel Gallagher is a musical genius ... and this album is very clever - perhaps more so than Morning Glory -- because this is the album he really let himself go in ... also it 's full of emotions that are both intense and admirable ... The music is very unique ... I have n't heard anything like it -- It truly is it 's own style and I believe it really captured something amazing ... which is the essence of Oasis I believe ... I 'm really disappointed in those that ca n't see the mastery in this album ...
 I picked this up on the day it was released and I was not the least bit disappointed by it . I have listened to it often since then and still enjoy it . Oasis is , of course , one of my favorite bands , and has been for over ten years . There is n't a thing wrong with Be Here Now , and it has been nit-picked alot , which it dose n't deserve . If you enjoy the work of a particular artist , you have to let them take you where they want to go , not where you think they should go ! This album has a lot to enjoy .
 After the amazing success of their second album , -LRB- What 's the story -RRB- Morning Glory ? , Oasis labelled themselves `` the best fooking band in the world '' , and nobody could actually deny or argue with their self evaluation . Oasis would go on to release their third album , Be Here Now , almost a year and a half later.With high expectations and a huge hit -LRB- D'You know what I mean ? -RRB- already released , people raced to their nearest music store to buy the CD . The album became the fastest selling album of all time , selling 345,000 copies in the UK on its first day of release.However , after listening to the very long , very strangely put together album , it is clear Oasis have let fame and fortune get to them . A number of songs are too long and soon you will find yourself skipping several of the songs including Magic Pie -LRB- I think Noel was high during recording -RRB- , I hope I think I know and Fade-in Out -LRB- Just boring -RRB- and the overrated epic of All Around The World -LRB- Not Oasis-like -RRB- just to finally get through the whole album.Even if your a new Oasis fan , DO N'T BUY THIS , Buy -LRB- Whats the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? and Definitely Maybe .
 Personally i feel this album has not got its just deserves . I am a huge Oasis fan and although not quite as good as Whats the Story morning glory , it certianly comesa close . Nearly all the tracks are superb with stand by me , i hope i think i know , dont go away and all around the world taking the front line . This album is great to listen to and was unfailry snubbed by all those set-in-their-way alternative music fans who think its cool to hate Oasis . A legend of an album by a legend of a band . Peace out .
 When I first listened to this album , I thought it was the best Oasis album there was , but as I kept listening , I figured out that this album was missing something . It did n't contain songs that stuck in my head that I wanted to keep listening to like -LRB- WTS -RRB- MG ? and Definitely Maybe did have . It was dissapointing to see this album fade so quickly in the charts , but for their next album , hopefully their new producer will give them more of a new sound . All in all , it was a good album , but not great . Oasis could so much better , I think they got a little lazy and sloppy on this one . Hopefully , the new album will sound better and newer , and hopefully it will fare better in the charts .
 It seems that people either really love this album or they really hate it . But it all depends on what you like about Oasis . Their classic Britpop sound is sort of drowned out by the multiple guitar layers that permeate this album ... but that 's not really a bad thing . Hey , Britpop is cool , but it can get repetitive . So on this album the Beatles imitators decided to go more in the direction of their other main influences , the Rolling Stones . While the album title is a quote from John Lennon , and the songs are filled with references to Beatles songs -LRB- `` The Fool On the Hill , '' `` The Long and Winding Road , '' `` Let It Be , '' `` Helter Skelter '' -RRB- , the music is louder , more conventional rock 'n' roll , and it 's awesome . `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' is an awesome rock anthem , and songs like `` Do n't Go Away '' and `` Stand By Me '' are so emotional . `` The Girl In the Dirty Shirt '' is a great song , kind of bluesy ; and `` All Around the World '' is a huge anthem , full of optimism which carries on to the ending `` It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- . '' But really , the whole album is great , really enjoyable rock punctuated by Liam Gallagher 's distinctively brash and cocky whine . And check out the ending solo on `` Do n't Go Away '' - absolutely perfect . Oasis is a talented bunch , no matter how much people seem to love to hate them . Their lyrics really are n't at the Beatles ' level , despite what some other reviewers say ; even Noel says he 's not much of a lyricist , he prefers writing music . But that 's forgiveable , since Liam 's delivery makes every word sound like his own , and he infuses them with his attitude and occasional indifference to the world . Overall , this is definitely Oasis ' most enjoyable effort - although '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' is probably their most well-crafted and well-written . It just depends on which Oasis you want . -LRB- Interesting fact
 I first started to listen to the music of OASIS when they brought out there first ever single , `` Whatever '' , since then i have bought all their singles and albums , i think their excellent . When the album BE HERE NOW came out i was one of the lucky ones who was able to get a copy of it on the day it actually came out the 21st of August 1996 . As soon as i had bought it i went home and put it in my CD player and listened to it , the first song that i heard was DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN i had already heard and bought this song as a single from the British pop charts where it reached the incredible No. 1 spot for 3 weeks . I then listened to the rest of the albumand discovered that it was absolutley brilliant , i loved it and still do . That day i stayed in and listened to it over , and over again . My favourite song on the album has to be I HOPE I THINK I KNOW , although BE HERE NOW is my favourite album , my favourite ever track is by OASIS and is called MORNING GLORY , which is taken from the album WHATS THE STORY -LRB- MORNING GLORY -RRB- ? .
 Be Here Now is a great Oasis recording . It has it 's own feel , as does Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory . I like and listen to all 3 equally . This CD is definitely -LRB- maybe -RRB- not for dancing which is the way rocknroll should be . Buy it and appreciate it for what it is no nonsense noise !
 oasis is a very talented British rock band reminds me of the early days of the British invasion of the sixties somewhat like a mix of the Beatles and the Rolling stones.Be here now by oasis , is a overall good album so if you , re into British rock ? I recommend it and give it 4 stars .
 Everyone says `` not that good '' `` bloated '' . Sure it 's kind of bloated , more like one or 2 songs that are bloated . I agree that `` D'ya know what I mean '' sucked horribly . I do not like it myself , it seems that the first 4 minutes of that song are absolutely incredible and then the guitar just absolutely ruins everything with their distorting effects and all that junk . But to say THIS album is junk just absolutely outlandish , let me prove you wrong.Stand by me - One of Oasis 's best songs . Constantly a concert rotation , and will make you shed a damn tear everytime . Packs a nice punch , Liam really sings his heart out on this track.Don ' t go away - It 's in the same category as Stand by me , no arrogance in these 2 songs but just ingenius songwriting and riffs , what rock and roll is about.All around the world - This is what I wanted to write about . People accuse this song of being bloated , and just overproduced . This is Oasis at their best , no questions asked . You ask people to listen to this song for the full 10 minutes , this song never gets weak and it carries it 's melodies throughout the song . Near the 5 minute mark the song starts to hit it 's climax when Liam starts `` nanana '' ` ing . The best part of this song is where they eventually hit the La 's and rock out till the end . Who said Rock and Roll is about lyrics ? It 's about playing your emotions and letting other people feel that emotion . To tell me that you can listen to all around and not feel the band 's hard work and constantly strive for perfection in this one song is useless . You can feel Noel riding his guitar , You can feel McGuigan abusing those drums and you can feel Liam shouting and singing his @ $ $ off.This is oasis at their best , Best album of theirs ? No , that 's morning glory . This is a definite tie with Definitely Maybe as their 2nd best album , sales and charting prove it.Prove me wrong .
 How can you top `` Wonderwall '' and `` Do n't look back in anger `` sure it can be done , it always is possible , but when you 've written the best songs in the world already and your doing loads of cocaine and all that carry on - well its the perfect excuse to make a nice loud album with loads of guitar noise , and throw it all back in the stupid peoples face.I mean , any real Oasis fan would like this record anyway .
 -LSB- **** -RSB- the critics ! This is a good rock 'n roll album . I hate it when people compare this to their first two albums.This is the first Oasis album I brought . I did n't like it when I first listen to it , but the songs stay with you.This album has replay value even years after I brought it . After listening to the songs , read the lyrics and you see what I mean .
 When ` Be here now ' came out I was incredibly disappointed with it . In fact , I disliked the album so much that within months of it 's release I wound up getting rid of it.Recently though , I found the interest in purchasing it again , more or less for giggles , and I found that I actually like it.Some of my original complaints were with the longevity of the songs , they would either take an eon to start or to finish , and the numerous Beatle references throughout , with Noel Gallager using at least 4 Beatle titles in his lyrics . Which brings up my biggest problem here with the sometimes very weak lyrical contexts . Such lines as `` Sing a song for me/one from Let it be '' , and `` I do n't believe in everything I see/Y ` know I 'm blind so why d'you disagree '' make the listener think that Noel was n't even trying when the songs were being written.On the good side , there are some great tunes here . `` D'you know what I mean ? '' , `` Stand by me '' , and `` Do n't go away '' are all excellent songs , and `` Magic pie '' is my personal favorite.Also of note is the general amount of energy here . It 's a fun record that was apparently fun to make.All in all it 's a great album to listen to if you can sit through all 70 odd minutes of it , and if you can put up with the occasonal weak line or two .
 Yup , I 've heard all the criticisms before , it 's no What 's The Story , It 's no Definetely Maybe , it 's too long , etc. ... ! But you know what , I would n't want it any other way ! Be Here Now is a hidden gem . Yes , the album is a long one , clocking in at around the 70 + min mark , but who cares ?! All tracks are very solid , but I will admit that chances are you wo n't fall in love with them on the first listen . Standout tracks
 `` Be here now '' is the album they were gon na release sooner or later.Not that it 's bad , it is actually very good . There are obviously some good tunes in it -LRB- `` Stand by me '' , `` Do n't go away '' , `` It 's getting better -LRB- man -RRB- !! '' e al. -RRB- . The thing is that it follows `` What 's the story ... '' and their great debut album `` Definetely Maybe '' . With all the fuzz these releases caused , launching Oasis from Manchester to the top of the World , the next step was a tough move . How to carry on from the top?Well , apart form the fact that some tracks are too long and overproduced -LRB- like the good but exagerated `` All around the world '' -RRB- , they managed it very well , providing us a very loud and full of guitars album -LRB- the way it should always be -RRB- . Rock and Roll .
 Noel Gallagher himself may be down on this album ; artists have their privileges to evaluate their own work , after all . But `` Be Here Now '' still sounds thrillingly huge , a symphonic-scale rock album that soars upward in a bubble of optimism . `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' sounds like a call to arms -- very few tracks since the '60s , if ever , sound so full of apocalyptic excitement . People constantly complain about the alleged `` banality '' of Oasis lyrics , but `` I met my maker , I made him cry ... '' is a sublime rebuke worthy of William Blake . `` Be Here Now '' invites being divided into movements , with the second beginning with `` Stand By Me '' , which introduces the theme of relationships with the hope of sailing together in the same direction , an idea which becomes aching by the time `` Do n't Go Away '' arrives . Then comes confirmation with the We-Shall-Overcome awesomeness of the four closing tracks . Every song is long and loud ; and , though the feel is different from the playfulness of `` Definitely Maybe '' -LSB- I imagine part of what bothers Noel is the sense that Oasis lost the quirky romance and humor of those earlier songs -RSB- and though some individual songs may fade away in the 70-minute wall of sound , that does n't necessarily hurt the album.The big anthems -LRB- tracks 1 , 4 , 8 , and 10 -RRB- anchor the album and the tracks around them flesh out their mood . This is really a pretty radical approach today ; Oasis does n't have to repeat it but it was n't a vain experiment . `` Be Here Now '' makes most of -LRB- non-Oasis -RRB- 90s rock look like something you get up with a toothpick . Listen to `` Magic Pie '' and see if this is n't a grand statement of hunger for greatness . That 's part of what separates Oasis from most other bands . The other part ? -- oh yeah , greatness .
 Anything that everybody hates this much had to be good . I bought it 3 years after it 's release , after SOTSOG , just backtracking the catalog . This CD is blinding . Yes , the songs are too long . Absolutely , the lyrics are banal , but oh my goodness can these boys rock . Always written off as Beatle wannabes , and they will never achieve that artistry or creativity of the FABS , but I dare say , the Beatles did n't rock this hard . RIP George !
 To all of the critics that helped cripple the album sales of this wonderful album , I shun you . This LP is n't like Morning Glory , but - to me - it has much more class . Not all the sounds feed a tad off the other , and you recieve yer whole dose of classic Oasis , from `` D'yer know what I mean ? '' to `` All around the world -LRB- reprise -RRB- '' . there is everything in this LP , sadness , pure joy , lots of emotions and situations , and every song means something special to Noel and Liam - which is why so many love them the way they do.If you are the fan that is all for that new Champagne Supernova - like hit , you wont get that , but you will get over 10 songs with pure emotion and feeling , which , my friend , is all that you need in a wonderful album .
 I find this to be one of Oasis 's most underrated albums . People expected way too much after being exposed to their previous album which blew everyone away . Yet I see this to be just as good as `` What 's the Story Morning Glory '' . My favourite songs in `` Be Here Now '' are `` Do n't Go Away '' And Fade In-Out '' . These are some of their finest works in my opinion . Other good songs include `` D'You Know What I mean ? '' , `` All Around the World '' -LRB- could be shortened -RRB- , `` Stand By Me '' and `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' . A solid album .
 Holy crap , did they record this in their mom 's basement ... besides that , this is a no foolin ' kick butt album ; no tricks , no changes , just straight out rock n roll , man ... I ca n't wait to see these guys in concert someday ... i love their first two albums and b-sides -LRB- the masterplan -RRB- ... but this one blew me away , now they are definitely one of my five favorite bands along with U2 , Pearl Jam , Stone Roses , and Social Distortion ... I guess this album was done with everybody fistfighting and high on cocaine ... it shows ... this album is chaotic and nuts , but it 's great ... the highlights are I Hope , I Think , I Know ; It 's Getting Better Man ; Stand By Me ; The Girl in The Dirty Shirt ; Fade In-Out ... Oasis rules , get with it , America , but i think we have now , Oasis are legends , the most rocking , craziest band ever ... they rule !!!!!!!!!!!! and are funny as hell ...
 I consider whats the story morning glory ? to be one of the single greatest albums of the 90 's perhaps of all time . After that album and oasis greatest hits compilation became simply unthinkable because you couldnt mention one of the songs without mentioning the other 9 , and with and epic closing like champagne supernova , it left even them most casual fan thristing for more . That `` more '' was answered with the follow up `` be here now '' Oasis 's third . D'you know what i mean is a perfect opener , not quite on par with the epic scope of champagne supernova , but still a stunning return . The next track , my big mouth , though not having quite that effect , is awesome also.Its with magic pies that it becomes evident that this album is flawed . Morning glory didnt have a single track that i would skip . Magic pies is the first track that you will skip . Maybe it wouldnt be so bad if it didnt ramble on for seven and a half minutes , but then , it does n't sound like oasis enough anyway , and a cut in length couldnt rescue it . Thats the problem with this track , and also the problem with every oasis album after this point . Noel sings lead vocals . I 'll give him props for his songwriting because its great -LRB- come on he wrote morning glory himself -RRB- but Liam is by far the better singer . Without liam at vocals the oasis sound isnt there . Noel 's songwriting is equally important to the oasis equation . Neither can work well without the other , and even though they hate each others guts , thats how it is . As a result , magic pies is a complete throwaway.Things get back on track with stand by me , the best track on the record , and in my opinion oasis at the top of their game.The next few tracks are almost as good , being catchy rockers with no vocalist switching.The only other real bump is fade in-out , which is just plain average . Once again the length problem remains and the track rambles on for 6 plus minutes without actually doing anything worth merit . The title track is kind of a letdown as well , but it grows on you with each listen.Luckily as ever , the album rescues itself in the end and pulls off an excellent closing . `` Dont go away '' really does sound like it could have come off morning glory , both the vocals , melody , and instrumentation recreate the exact feeling i have when listening to that record . The last two tracks however are the ones that really pulls this record up from just above average to very good . All around the world is an incredibly self assured nine and a half minute rock opus , half of it being vocals , the other half an incredible full band solo , with a guitar line almost as memorable as that of champagne supernova . The album closes with its getting better man , seven more minutes of pure rock and roll , and then of course the all around the world reprise , which although pointless , is nothing bad.It may not be as memorable as morning glory or as down right rocking as definately maybe , but its another solid record from oasis , with a few gems included.My track ranking is as follows1.Stand By Me2.D ` you Know What I Mean ? 3 . All Around The World4.Don ' t Go Away5.Its Getting Better Man6.My Big Mouth7.I Hope , I Think , I Know8.Be Here Now9.The Girl In The Dirty Shirt10.Fade In-Out11 . Magic PiesAt 72 minutes , be here now is oasis ' longest . I recommend buying definately maybe and morning glory before this . It 's flawed , but then again rock isnt about doing things perfectly .8.5 / 10
 Be here now is a wonderful CD which has great songs and beat . Its a wonderful Cd which makes a great gift . And , for some xtra trivia for you ... In the song Fade In-Out , playing lead-slide guitar is ... . Johnny Depp ! WOW !
 The instant Be Here Now hit the headphones of the critics it was written off . The hype surrounding Be Here Now was incredible , and therefore people expected ` Supersonic ' and ` Wonderwall ' repeated , and Oasis did n't give it to them . But Be Here Now is in fact a stunning mix of light Rock and majestic , soaring epics . 'D ` You Know What I Mean ? ' kicks off the album with distroted chords and catchy rock riffs with depth in the lyrics that is often overlooked on first listen . The album reaches the depth only achieved previously with ` Wonderwall ' and ` Cast No Shadow ' with ` Stand By Me ' and ` Do n't Go Away ' , both of which show Liam 's softer vocal skills . ' I Hope , I Think , I Know ' and ` My Big Miuth ' are both fast-paced , catchy little ditties and ` Fade In/Out ' catches the listener with a sudden contrast to it 's first few minutes with Slide Guitar and hard vocals . ` Magic Pie ' , though not one of Oasis ' greatest tunes , which , unfotunately , does not highlight Noel 's singing ability well , does have some beautiful touches in both the lyrics and guitar . Though ` Be Here Now ' and the reprisal of ` All Around the World ' are both rather weak -LRB- However I do n't think the Reprisal was meant to be the greatest musical piece Noel 's ever written -RRB- the end of the album is truly where it shines . ` It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man ! -RRB- ' is a racous yet soaring seven minutes of musical glory with an incredible minute-long guitar riff at the five minute mark and some of Liam 's greatest ever singing ; he mixes his trademark sneering with some tone and note changes never before seen in him . Finally , ` All Around The World ' ; a 9-minute epic of a tune , indescribable to mere words and possibly my favourite ever Oasis song ; the ` Champagne Supernova ' of Be Here Now . If you like Oasis , in fact , if you like Alterntive music at all , you must get this album .
 I do n't know why this album is regarded as one of Oasis 's lesser albums . In my opinion it is their best album , and tends to be the album in which I still listen to the most . It is probably Oasis 's hardest most heavy album with songs like `` My Big Mouth '' , `` I hope , I think , I Know '' , `` it 's gettin better man '' , and `` D'you Know what I mean '' . Th album has more of a rock feel than a pop feel than `` What 's the Story Mourning Glory '' . I feel that every song on this CD are great rock songs . Give it a listen because it is the best album Oasis has put out .
 noel perfectly combined the elements from his first two albums
 To me , this is the best album of 1997 , and one of the best of the 90 's . I hope the next album be like this , good songs you 'll never forget .
 Bought it the day it came out in 1997 and hated it , although I did buy 2 of the UK singles just for the B-sides -LRB- which WERE awesome -RRB- , btw . Was completely different than their 1st 2 awesome CDs so I shelved it after 1 listen.Fast forward to 2010 ... found it in my cd case and played it and have not stopped playing since . It 's BY FAR their best CD . If only I had played it more than once back in ' 97 . This is a disk you need to play more than once cause it is different from anything they did -LRB- at the time -RRB- . The guitars are awesome ... it 's Oasis in rockout ROCKSTAR mode ... simpley incredible.My go-to Oasis CD -LRB- along with the live CD from 2000 -RRB- I listed to this CD at least weekly , sometimes more.Wish I could give it more than 5 stars ... it 's that good.Get the remastered version , though .
 I 've always appreciated the fact that this CD had the release date on the cover , because I clearly remember the day that I purchased it . I was working a contract position on Crow Canyon Road in Dublin , CA , and there was a strip mall with a little CD store within walking distance . On the day this came out , i took a stroll down the road and bought it.I gave the CD 5 stars because I honestly believe it deserves it . And like other 5 star reviews I 've written , I 'm not going to do a track-by-track analysis , because I just think you should buy it . It 's excellent , and if you have a general concept of `` who '' and `` what '' Oasis were -LRB- and may be again some day , who knows -RRB- , then this is a flawless Oasis CD.The crown jewel , for me , was `` D'You Know What I Mean ? `` YES , there was probably more unrepentant ego in Oasis than just about any other band you can name.YES , Noel and Liam were / are Cain & Able . Why would you possibly care ? Sometimes tension breaks up bands . Sometimes it produces genius . In Oasis , it did both.YES , they ripped off the Beatles , over and over and over again.But `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' is the kind of song the Beatles would have done if the John Lennon of `` Come Together '' sat down and actually collaborated with the Paul McCartney of `` Helter Skelter . '' It has an irresistible hook ... `` All my people right here right now , D'you know what I mean ? '' And the fact of the matter is that we probably DO NOT KNOW what Liam means ... we probably do n't have a CLUE ... but that does n't stop us from yelling `` YEAH ! '' in response and pumping our fists in the air while Noel tosses of shards of broken glass in tight guitar solo after solo . THIS is rock & roll . THIS is greatness . THIS is how Oasis got away with being arrogant , egotistical `` problem children '' ... there were times when they had the goods to back it up , and THIS , my friends , was one of them.Just buy it . You wo n't regret it . You 'll be too busy dancing and playing air guitar ... d'you know what I mean ?
 Be Here Now being Oasis 3rd studio album and their 1997 release was highly anticipated both critics and fans alike . The result is a good album but it is not as good as the prior album -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? . The songs are very long and sometimes the sound is a bit bloated . The album did amazing and topped the charts in countries such as France , Austria , Sweden and the UK . Songs that standout on this release are `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' , `` Stand by Me '' , and `` All Around the World '' . 4/5 .
 `` Be Here Now '' is Oasis 's third studio album . Over the years , it has been criticized for sloppy recording and subpar lyrics . Overall , the criticism does n't hold up , as there are many standout Oasis tracks on the album . The album has it 's great moments , like My Big Mouth , Stand By Me , and Do n't Go Away . On this album , Oasis relies less on beautiful melodies and more on a big sound characterized by many guitars , keyboards , and vocal overdubs . `` Be Here Now '' is their last great album , and is just as great as their first two albums .
 Man I have to tell you people that you are way to harsh . This album is almost the best Oasis ever . If it was n't for My Big Mouth and maybey I Hope I Think I Know . Other than that it is great . The song Magic Pie has to be my favorite Oasis song it is mesmorizing . The line , `` those who do n't say what they mean live and die by there own sword '' is a great lyric . Listen to it good and well and you will love it . If you like rock of coarse .
 Widely regarded as Oasis 's last great album . After the grunge era of the early 90 's ended abruptly with the deafening sound of a shotgun blast , Manchester area band Oasis and other Britpop contemporaries quickly rose to the top of the UK charts . Oasis 's life affirming song themes and major key hard rock ballads sharply contrast the angst ridden grunge sound while at the same time manages to be worlds apart from 80 's glam and hair metal . Although both of their sounds are quite different , i believe Oasis 's albums can to a certain extent be directly compared to Nirvana . Definitely Maybe and Bleach are good debut albums but sound rather primitive compared to latter releases by the two groups . For what its worth , Definitely Maybe is a far better debut than Bleach . Morning Glory and Nevermind are both band 's most popular works that approach moments of bubblegum confectionery pop . These very accessible albums offer singable and memorable melodies on the very first listen . After the success of the subsequent albums both bands decided to release harder edged material , surprisingly containing all new songs rather than rehashed b sides . Much to critics and fan 's disappointment Be Here Now contains very few immediately likable songs , and there are no `` Do n't look back in anger 's '' or `` Wonderwalls '' to be found here . That being said , this is certainly the kind of album that warrants repeated listening . Layers upon layers of distorted guitars adorn just about every song in a rather spectoresque manner , including the two ballads `` Do n't go away '' and `` Stand by me '' . A darker , angrier Oasis sound is heard on tracks such as the southern bluesy `` Fade In/Out '' and Do ya know what i mean '' . I urge avid britpop fans not to automatically shun this album due to harsh critics and Noel Gallagher 's own condemnation of the disc as `` Guys in the studio on coke '' . Unfortunetly Oasis did not have the `` privilege '' of dying out in their prime and since has released relatively lackluster poppy albums comparable to anything Weezer has released after Pinkerton . Yet another unfortunate circumstance happens to be that youth is a key element of the rock and roll appeal . So until the next great musical revolution occurs , put in this album and enjoy the fresh , exciting , and optimistic sound of 94-97 oasis/britpop .
 Released in 1997 . `` Be Here Now '' was Oasis third album and their last near great . At the time of it 's release Oasis was among the most popular rock bands and whatever they made was turned into gold . There was no exception with `` Be Here Now '' that proves the bands craftmanship and lives up to the hype surroundig them . At first listen I thought that the album was a little overproduced with too much commercial appeal but the album is aging well and looking back at it now , I believe that `` Be Here Now '' is an very strong album . Afterall it was their last that sold really well all over the world and gave them several big single hits . The music is far from surprising , if you liked their first 2 albums and Noel 's songwriting you will enjoy this one aswell . I think some songs were a little too commercial , but on the other hand it got loads of energic rockers too and it shows the bands diversity and craftmanship . `` Do You Know What I Mean '' is super long with it 's 7.42 . It was also a pretty big hit in Europe but at the same time it also suffers from being too long and overproduced . Oasis had always done simple songs but for the first time on `` Be Here Now '' their success had gone to their heads , it feels forced with it 's lenght , sound effects and solo 's . Having said that , it 's not a bad song but not what we wer used to . `` My Big Mouth '' is a classic rocker , that would have been great for their debut album . `` Magic Pie '' is also too lon with 7 minutes , it 's a midtempo that Noel sings . `` Stand By Me '' was a hi single , and a quite typical Oasis song , midtempo , good chorus and good sing-a-long . It 's defenitely one of the better songs on this album . `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' is yet another rocker . `` The Girl In The Dirty Shirt '' is surprisingly good eventhough it was never a single release . A poppy midtempo . `` Fade In Out '' is half-acccoustic with little instruments used and a soewhat bluesy sound , although it does n't stand out at all . `` Do n't Go Away '' is a ballad , and one of their best songs . The song is about losing someone that stand close to you , unfortunately it was only releases as a single in Japan . `` Be Here Now '' the title track is another trademark midtempo rocker . `` All Around the World '' that also was a single-release suffers from the same thing as the opener . It 's too long with 9 minutes , it 's overproduced -LRB- just look at the music video -RRB- and it 's also too commercial . Sure , neither this one is bad at all , it good a meliodic chorus and has got a wonderful beatleesque ending with sing-a-long and heavy guitars , but it was a little too much . `` It 's Getting Better '' a rocker and a reprise of `` All Around the World '' closes the album.Overall , Oasis last near great album . Even if it got it 's faults and is weaker then the first 2 albums , it got it 's moments with both rockers , midtempo pop/rock and one very good ballad . The main problem is that some songs are too long . The whole album clocks at 70 minutes and was 25 minutes longer then the average Oasis album . At times it 's just becoming too much and it feels like Oasis success has gone over their heads and were trying to be something they were n't at times , but needless to say , It is a good album with a fair share of good songs and looking back at it now it brings back memories when Oasis were at their peak and rules the charts . 4/5 stars . Good Purchase .
 yeah , you must pardon me as it is late as i 'm typing this , but anyway you got ta give the gallagher brothers a hand for really finalizing their compelling , moving britpop finesse on this album , making it possibly one of the greatest albums of any time ever ... only a band like Radiohead could compete with the beauty of this album , if even that , but none of the successful new british rock bands out these days could ever capture the excitement of their time in quite as original and exciting a way as oasis did in be here now ... so take my advice , be at your record store now and buy the album for pete 's sake !
 More and more , I begin to see Oasis as one of the only bands , well , ever , that brings a consistently optimistic message . It 's not every day you hear lyrics like
 Critics suck . This album is better than people give say it is . It may not be their best work , but to anyone with any clue on what good music is should know this cd is a great one . I am a huge oasis fan and own every cd they have . I like every song they have ever written and the B-sides like Lets all belive are great . This album has what most bands dont have anymore , a guitar playing well and loud . The song I hope , I think , I know is one of the greatest songs they have written so i dont know why i hear people badmouthing this album . If i were start over and buy thier albums , this would be number 2 right after Their first one becuase that is my facorite one .
 This is probably the most underrated oasis album to date . Many oasis fans did n't like it because they were n't being objective . They were and still are comparing it to their previous release Morning Glory . And that 's just not fair . Not many albums can live up to that . It 's too much to ask . People 's expectations were way to high for Be Here Now and they just did n't give it a chance . Some unbelievable songs appear on this cd . `` Fade-In Out '' is definitely the most underrated song and should have been a single . `` Do n't Go Away '' is just as appealing , beautiful , emotionally intense and honest as `` Wonderwall '' was . `` Stand by Me '' also posssess those type of qualities and is also a very good song . `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' is very very much underrated and contains lot 's of energy people thought they were lacking . `` All Around the World '' and `` D'You Know What I Mean '' have great melodies with a real ` big ' sound . But those two may have been just a little monotonous but still excellent.I really enjoyed these six songs I 've mentioned and are some of the best oasis has ever put out .
 Be Here Now is widely considered the weak link of Oasis ' musical catalogue , and it 's easy to understand why people might think that way . After the massive success of What 's the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- ? , Oasis ' follow-up LP is over-produced , overdubbed and , naturally , overlong -LRB- 71 minutes ! -RRB- . It pretty much begs for the conclusion that the Gallagher boys took Morning Glory 's success and used it to satisfy every creative urge they 've ever had.That conclusion is true , and the end result is maybe the most overly ambitious album in history . Of course , this being Oasis , almost all of it pays off . Be Here Now positively assaults you with every melody and ambiguous lyric that Oasis can find . Simple rock songs are morphed into seven and eight minute epics of self-awareness . `` D'you Know What I Mean ? '' has a slow crunch that seems to last even longer than the song 's gargantuan length . `` My Big Mouth '' would be Oasis ' fastest driving rock song if it were n't for `` I Hope I Think I Know . '' And both `` Magic Pie '' and `` All Around the World '' string out their chorus ' into codas so long the songs practically beg for mercy by the end.But all of it shimmers with that patented Gallagher touch . The melodies are spot on , and Liam Gallagher 's vocals are as arrogant and effective as ever . Certainly , by the reprise -LRB- reprise ! -RRB- of `` All Around the World , '' the album has run out of steam . But part of Be Here Now 's charms is its unending determined ambition to big the biggest album you 've ever heard . And , if you can get past the collective bloat of the whole affair , you 're left with another powerful LP in the Oasis catalogue .
 If the naive but brilliant songs from Definitly Maybe show Oasis as they entered the tunnel of fame , then Be Here Now is definitly what came from the other end , when they were not only the best rock band in the entire world -LRB- even though U2 gets close -RRB- , but the most famous too . Just that front cover , with the Roller in the swimming pool , says it all ! Still , the songs are fantastic , ranging from the seminal Stand By Me , to the iconic climax of `` All Around the World '' . If you want to buy an Oasis album , buy Morning Glory , but if you 've already got it , then buy this . You wo n't be dissapointed !
 This is a good album , although certainly not up to the band 's masterpiece , Morning Glory . There are plenty of memorable tunes on here and big fans will find plenty to their liking . Unfortunately , the same can be said for some of the lesser material . Just about everyone will find at least a few tracks they do n't like , as well . The hit singles are all fine musician craftsmanship . `` D'you Know What I Mean ? '' , though seven minutes long , is good enough to make is seem like it flows straight through in four . `` Stand By Me '' and `` Do n't Go Away '' are the ballads , both beautiful and the latter almost stands up to `` Do n't Look Back In Anger '' on their prior album . The epic `` All Around the World '' does drag on for a few minutes too long , but I do appreciate the vocals and the overall build-up quality . Bands just do n't use that kind of instrumentation anymore . Not to any commendable degree , anyway . Couple these great tunes with some really great , straight-forward rock tunes , `` My Big Mouth '' and `` I Hope I Think I Know '' -LRB- these songs have been slammed a lot in past reviews , which I do n't understand because I think they 're awesome ! -RRB- and you 've got something resembling a decent album . The title track is also a good tune , although being thrown between two of the band 's best singles it often gets overlooked . And the reprise at the end would have sounded a lot more refreshing if `` All Around the World '' had appeared much closer to the beginning of the CD . Be Here Now may not be a masterpiece , but sometimes you just have to take something for what it is . Personally , I think the good material far outweighs the bad and if you really have to you can just program your player to skip over the few misteps . Recommended .
 Okay , I admit that I am an Oasis fan beyond compare - though at the same time , I can admit that I can tell a great song from a mediocre one , even when penned by Noel Gallagher . This is not the mediocre effort that so many have made it out to be -LRB- and it pains me to read so many musical reviews now slam this album where they praised it upon its release -RRB- . Yes , Be Here Now is far from the best work that Oasis has ever put out -LRB- and even pales in comparison to peer group The Verve 's contemporary peerless set `` Urban Hymns '' -RRB- - but I suggest that one listen to this album for what it is
 I do n't know what some Oasis `` fans '' are talking about when they say Be Here Now was n't a very good album . I have What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- ? also , and I do n't like that one as much as I do Be Here Now . I like the music better , and it 's one of my favorite albums . Do n't Go Away is one of the best songs ever - a lot of heart poured into it . Do n't fall for thinking it 's a bad album . If you like what you hear by Oasis on the radio , you 'll like Be Here Now .
 Be Here Now is without a doubt the best Oasis CD . All there other albums have a few good songs on them , but almost every song on this CD is worth listening to . Especially tracks like `` Stand By Me '' and `` Do n't Go Away , '' which are just amazing songs . Any Oasis CD is worth having , but this is the one that everyone has got to own .
 Without a doubt , Oasis fans along with the music press had high expectations after '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' , and even though the press wrote off `` Be Here Now , '' it 's still a great album to have . Oasis experimented more with this album , due to the fact that they actually had more time to record this one . `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' serves as the album 's opening track , and it just knocks you on your arse ! The drums are just so thumpin ' , and the guitars are brilliant , very psychadellic indeed with the sound and lyrics . `` Stand By Me '' is another good one , very nice song examining friendship at it 's best . `` Do n't Go Away '' is similar to `` Do n't Look Back in Anger '' from WTSMG ? , as it just makes you sing along with it . Although quite long , `` All Around the World '' is a quality song with a catchy melody to it . Even though `` Be Here Now '' might be Oasis ' worst album -LRB- according to the press -RRB- , it 's still a great album , as it sold over 7 million copies worldwide .
 I loved Oasis ' first US album , What 's The Story Morning Glory ? , and this was a wonderful follow-up . The music is crisp , fresh , and has catchy melodies that keep you listening . I love Oasis and I love this CD !
 The songs are good , especially `` All Around The Word '' and `` Be Here Now . ''
 ... but not necessarily better . Coming off of what is arguably Oasis ' best album , _ -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? _ , they would return with the tasty -LRB- if not somewhat derivative -RRB- Beatle-ish Brit-pop infectiousness that was their stock in trade . So , what 's different this time around ? Not much , except that some of the songs tend to run much longer than they need to . Long numbers do n't bother me very often , but if a certain track does n't interest me for one or two minutes alone , it turns into something of a nightmare if it runs two , three -LRB- or even four -RRB- times longer.And this is where the album precisely suffers . Had some of the tracks been trimmed down in length -- or had been removed , altogether -- this would definitely rank right up there with their earlier classics . Quite a few of the enjoyable songs here * do * rank up there in the classic department , but , the same ca n't be said for the album as a whole . The typical oceanic wall-of-sound brought on by the maximum electricity-filled guitars is ever-present , and is very welcome , but some of the songs are just not very interesting.For instance , heavy rockers like `` D'You Know What I Mean ? , '' `` My Big Mouth , '' and `` It 's Getting Better Man '' are excellent songs , and the lengthy natures of these are a welcome asset
 If you are a fan of Oasis this is a must , but if you are new to the fold do not start here . This album has some of the bands greatest moments , but the album as a whole is a tad long . While it is true this record is slightly underrated it is defnitly not a masterpiece .
 alright , this may not be oasis ' best record , but no one is perfect all of the time , no one , that is , except for johnny depp . if you were not planning on buying this album , i am here to change your mind . buy this album , not only for it is oasis , and oasis is good , but secondly , johnny depp plays slide guitar on one of the tracks , and if this is not enough to get you to buy this record , you are not human . come on , this is johnny depp we 're talking about
 I think all people from all around the world can hear how great this album is . The only think I can say to Noel is `` do n't go away , cos it 's gettin ' better man '' . This girl in dirty shirt , I hope I think I know told me , that I should stand by her , even though I have my big mouth . Well , I know she will fade in out , but to me it 's important she is here now ! This is gon na be classic in 20 years and I hope everyone has a copy.D ` You know what I mean ?
 `` Be Here Now '' is without a doubt a rock classic , but whose reputation is tainted by people 's attachment to '' -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' . `` Be Here Now '' is the strongest Oasis album to date containing typically classic Noel Gallagher tunes like `` Stand By Me '' , `` It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- '' and the 9 minute `` All Around The World '' . However , in their strive for a new sound , Oasis have come up with gems like `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' which uses a sample from NWA 's `` Straight Outta Compton '' as it 's bass and the blues song `` Fade In-Out '' . Perhaps a little self-indulgent in places and a little overhyped before release , but putting all prejudices aside , there is a very fine album .
 Not quite like the other 2 albums . This one seems to be lacking that something that made the other two masterpieces . However , it is still a wonderful CD ... only die hard fans -LRB- like me and some other people -RRB- keep seeing flaws in it :-RRB- If you do n't have it yet , please do me a favor and go buy it right now ... and do n't forget to buy the other 2 CD 's and all the singles if you still do n't have any !!
 every song on it kicks but the song Magic Pie was not all that good . I still like the song . Oasis rules !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the best CD Oasis has released . I love every song -LRB- except for the first track -RRB- . The melodies are good and so is the music . I definitely reccomend this one !
 Well I think the three best songs are be here now , stand by me , and all around the world # 10 . It is a very good CD I would recomend people to get it .
 upon buying this album , after waiting for a year for oasis to bring out something new , I just did n't expect it to be this good . There are some brilliant tracks like Stand By Me , Magic Pie and others . This is by far one of the greatest albums ever .
 The second best of the three Oasis albums , Be Here Now shows us what Noel can do when he takes the time to write and think . My favorite is Magic Pie , which seems to be written to Lennon , saying that no , we 're not the Beatles , but I 've got my own thing going here . D'You Know is a great new sound for the band , and All Around the World is one of the best songs they 've recorded . A must have for a fan of Oasis or the Beatles .
 DO N'T LISTEN TO WHAT ANYONE ELSE TELLS YOU . THIS IS OASIS 'S BEST ALBUM BY FAR , AND NOT JUST THEIR BEST ALBUM , BUT ONE THE BEST ALBUMS EVER CREATED . I OWN OVER 400 CDS , AND THIS RANKS WITHIN MY TOP 10 . THE DIVERSITY OF SONGS , SOUNDS , AND LYRICS . I PLAYED THIS ALBUM SO MUCH THAT I WORE MY COPY OUT AND HAD TO BUY ANOTHER . I GIVE EVERY SONG 5 STARS ON THIS ALBUM . `` D' YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN '' IS ONE OF THE MOST INTENSELY WELL CRAFTED SONGS EVER WRITTEN . IN MY OPINION , MORNING GLORY DOES N'T HOLD A CANDLE TO BE HERE NOW . IT 'S NOT TOO LATE TO GET INTO THIS ALBUM , GO BUY IT . IT STANDS THE TEST OF TIME .
 This album could have been a 5 stars album if only they had finished every song after 5 minutes of playing . Good songs , but nothing that justifies playing them for 7 or 8 minutes . The only reason I 'm giving 4 stars instead of 3 is because Stand by me is one of the greatest songs by Oasis , a classic . I like the big guitar sound all over the place , with every channel full of guitars . But all around the world playing for 9 mintes and then a reprise for another 2 minutes can only be explained because these guys were hooked on drugs at the time . And Im glad those two left the band , they never had the correct look . They looked like taxi drivers or milkmen to me .
 Even after reading about how terrible this album was , I just had to buy it and judge for myself.I personally liked the `` over-production '' . I also did n't think that the songs were too long , but you have too judge for yourself . I think that much is a matter of personal preference . This album undeniably has an Oasis sound to it , though . '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' is definitely a better album . There are some great songs on this album , but the rest are forgettable and boring . `` D'You Know What I Mean '' is a really , REALLY cool song , one of the best on the album . The album gets off to a strong start , but it 's only downhill from here . It definitely does n't go on too long . `` My Big Mouth '' is a loud and boring song . Worth it only for the line `` Into my big mouth , you could fly a plane '' . I am the only human being on the planet who likes `` Magic Pie '' . That 's alright . More for me ! Seriously , I 've listened to this song over and over again , trying to figure out what everyone 's trying to say about this song , but it always strikes me as a great song . The songwriting could be a bit better , but it 's still the best song on the album . It 's got the strongest chorus on the album . It 's just grand ! `` Stand By Me '' is another really great song . `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' is the second shortest track on the album , all the better . The opening riff is stolen from `` Underneath the Sky '' . It is a nice song , but just does n't grip me . `` The Girl in the Dirty Shirt '' reminds my of `` She 's Electric '' , but without the latter 's charm . The best line of `` Fade In-Out '' is `` Today is just a daydream , tomorrow we 'll be cast away '' . This song also is nice , but the songwriting could be better . `` Do n't Go Away '' is simply beautiful . Enough said . `` Be Here Now '' is a pretty good song . The best part of the song for me is the line `` Sing a song for me , one from Let It Be '' . -LRB- I also like the `` yeah yeah yeah '' 's at the end . -RRB- `` All Around the World '' is a good song , and does n't seem to long . It 's just a bit overkill , too much effort trying to make it an epic . If you try too hard to create something , it usually ends up artificial . Oasis fans love it , critics hate it . Again , the best part for me is the `` Na Na Na '' part . `` It 's Getting Better -LRB- Man ! -RRB- '' is , I think , highly underrated . `` Maybe the songs that we sing are wrong , maybe the dreams that we dream are gone ... `` Do n't be influenced by all the critics and so called `` fans '' who bomb this album . This is not the disaster they say it is , but songs like `` My Big Mouth '' and `` The Girl in the DIrty Shirt '' make it boring at times . So do n't be influenced by all the fans who say that this is the greatest thing since toilet paper . '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' is a better buy . Why ? In one word , songwriting . I 'm still gon na give it five stars , though . Tracks 1 , 3 , and 8 get five stars each , tracks 4 , 10 , and 11 get three stars each , 1 star for track 12 , and no stars for the rest . NOT an Oasis essential . To uneven , without any one really great song like `` Live Forever '' or `` Wonderwall '' .
 This is Oasis at their best . When they recorded this album they were not only the best band in the world but also the biggest . It was also on the heels of Knebworth and other milestones so their may be a few bloated egos present . But that along with the tension between the brothers -LRB- which is very apparent on this album -RRB- only fuels the fire that is Oasis
 I must agree that this is not Oasis 's best album to date . The songs do have a slight element of the Beatles but if you listen carefully to their past albums and this , you might notice that they indeed have their own style of rock . I would listen to oasis anyday instead of some talentless boy group -LRB- I would ` nt call them a band -RRB- created by some record company to rip the cash off some 15 year old teen . Heck , oasis may have borrowed some of the tunes from other legendary bands , but those boy groups shameless take somebody 's work , screw it and call it a cover . Now that 's a MAJOR turn off . If not for bands like Oasis i would be condemned to a life of mindless music sang by some `` good looking '' , talentless youth . Lastly , for all those reviewers below , i must say , you guys DO have taste in music , but remember we are in the minority .
 This is wonderful Oasis . Not near as good as `` Morning Glory '' but beats the snot out of `` Definitely Maybe '' . This was their hardest album and several songs are great . I have listened to Oasis since the beginning and can say that this is a great album . The opener `` D'You Know What I Mean '' is good old gloomy depressing rock music . The second track `` My Big Mouth '' picks up the pace but not without slopping up some already messy lyrics with Liam 's voice . `` Magic Pie '' will be a classic anthem that is for those who never get what they deserve . `` Stand by Me '' is a ballad that deserves recognition . `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' is a fast upbeat song that is a rock song that should be enjoyed by everyone . On down the line with the song `` Do n't Go Away '' Oasis tops theirselves off . This song is defeated by only three others : `` Champagne Supernova '' , `` Wonderwall '' , and `` Live Forever '' . The final 2 tracks `` All Around the World '' , a 10 minute epic , and `` It 's Gettin Better -LRB- Man -RRB- '' , a song of hope that everything will get better , are wonderful music . If you want the best get `` MOrning Glory '' if not , get this one !
 I 'm a huge Oasis fan , loving the grungy , so-called Brit-rock these guys produce . I expected a little bit better from them than this album is , but it 's still all in all a good effort . My personal favorite track is Do n't Go Away ; it 's just such a beautiful song ! It 's a pretty unique song and the only one that sounds like it on the album , so do n't expect anything else like it from the rest of the tracks . But despite its somewhat brashness , it 's still a good album and I still recommend it , whether you 're an Oasis fan or not !
 I personly enjoyed this ablum . Be here now is the rocking version of oasis . Listen to it , give it a chance and you will find out that you love it
 Interestingly enough I did n't listen to Be Here Now for quite some time after the initial six or so months of playing it non-stop -LRB- OK - I 'm a huge fan -RRB- - but after giving it a break and going back to it again it 's brash ` over-produced ' nature is actually quite stunning . The title track Be Here Now is probably the best concert starting song ever -LRB- and also the best song to get in the car and go to work to -RRB- , All Around the World is just large and the rest just powerful tunes . I 'm still mad fer it ...
 Many people say this is Oasis ' weakest album . But after listening to it again and again , the rythm got in tune with my mind and all the songs are excellent yet a bit long . All Oasis albums are great .
 Reading some of the reviews here , this album seems to have a rep as the Bad Boy of the Oasis oeuvre . I suspect that has to do with following a couple of better albums . Maybe that led to some disappointment . On its own , however , there is a lot here to like , some songs with a lot of energy and a coherent , cohesive album . Worth the listen .
 This album was a great deception . The songs are too long , and some of them could be easily cut of the album -LRB- My Big Mouth , I Hope I Think I Know , Fade In/Out -RRB- . Others could be reduced to 4 minutes , and then they would be classics -LRB- Stand By Me , All Around The World , It 's Getting Better Man -RRB- . And at least one b-side should be on the album , `` Stay Young '' , from the first single , `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' . But looking back over 10 years , this is a great album , even with so many problems and overproduction . It 's strange that the singles work so much better than the album , and it 's because some songs are really very good . If the album was about 20 minutes shorter , it would be one of the best albuns in the nineties . Anyway , it was a great mistake , but it is a great album , and definitely worth listening .
 i recommend that people listen to this album . i am not a music critic so i do n't understand the poor reviews . to me its oasis ... rock 'n' roll , arrogance , and tunes that blow you away . give it a shot , you wo n't regret it.lastly , listen to ` do know what i mean ' and you can almost feel what it 's like to be a rock star . : - P
 To the tipical Oasis fan , and hell , Oasis themselves , this album was a mess . I think that Oasis did reach a breaking point when they created this album , admitting they were plastered , and strung out on drugs . But this is Oasis at their peak
 Oasis ' 1997 album still sounds great . I still like the adventurous Do n't Go Away . I feel like I 'm on some quiet country side in Oklahoma hearing this song . But recently , I heard the very addictive All Around the World in an AT&T commercial . It makes me wants to dance to it every time it comes on . It makes this album more accessible now .
 The more I listened to this album ... the better it got . I am a huge Oasis fan , and this along with Definitely Maybe are the 2 albums I enjoy most from them . D'you know what I mean , the first song is a great way to introduce the album and is flat out a great offering . Stand by me , Do n't go away and All around the world are also excellent songs from the album , very radio friendly and these are songs that will be favourties to most on the album . However the song that I think is head and shoulders above all else and one of the band 's best songs is I hope , I think , I know . Catchy tune , great lyrics . A must buy album for any Oasis fan !!!
 '' ... But I just think theres some good sounds on it and it was just a bit scatty and a bit mentally produced but thats who we are man , but I 'd say that one -LRB- favourite album -RRB- , so go f# % ken buy cause theres loads left '' Liam Gallaghar July 2000 . And it is a great album , Definitley Maybe and Whats the story had the `` wonderwalls '' and `` Supersonics '' but nothing like this swirl and giant noise of guitar rock.Its a mega mega album and a triumphant album , and definitley not a dissapointment .
 Oasis third album ` Be Here Now ' may be considered for their fans their least favorite album , but surprisingly for casual pickers this may be their favorite Oasis album . Indeed , Noel did overplayed the songs a bit too much , making the listener to prolly skip it at the end which is why critics claimed this album at first as top of the year , but months later editing their review in another publisher advising the public what happens when you give it a listen 3 or 4 times . None the less Noel does give us powerful ballads and aswell with great rock pumping tunes which is why this album is still good to listen to even tho of it 's known flaws . As a fan myself this album is always a favorite to know Oasis ' least brit pop roots , moving towards prolly a bit more mainstream than their first two albums . Regardless of which the situation may be , it 's still a great record to own . Broke records for fastest selling album in the UK in the first week , selling more than 700,000 copies .
 Despite often being derided as a Beatles ripoff -LRB- which I suppose is n't entirely untrue -RRB- , Oasis are a pretty good band . They made a giant splash with their best-seller `` What 's the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- '' , and , riding on that success , this album also did very well . However , it did n't seem to be quite as commercially successful , despite selling very well . But oh well , not important . What is important is that this album is full of excellent , catchy tunes , with plenty of big guitar hooks , powerful drumming , and Liam 's trademark vocals.This album is much more epic than its predecessor , clocking in at over 70 minutes , with many songs in the 6-9 minute range . Some of these are very well-written and go by quite fast , while others tend to lag a bit , and make the album overall feel a little drawn-out . `` D'you Know What I Mean ? '' and `` It 's Getting Better -LRB- Man ! -RRB- '' are top-notch melodic rock , `` My Big Mouth '' and `` Magic Pie '' have powerful , driving melodies , and are equally beautiful and energetic . The title track is quirky and rocking , and `` Do n't Go Away '' is excellent catchy pop rock.The album drags the most with `` Fade In-out '' , which is much too repetitive and long , and really could have been left out . `` All Around the World '' is kind of cheesy and over-the-top , and despite having its moments , just falls flat . As Samhot stated in his review , they were trying too hard , and ended up achieving the opposite of what they were going for . Also , the reprise is pretty pointless , and I think `` It 's Getting Better -LRB- Man ! -RRB- '' would have been a much stronger way to end the album.This is an album that may take some time to sink in . It 's not perfect , but there 's plenty of stuff to enjoy here . It 's not as readily catchy as `` What 's the Story ... '' -LRB- and I must admit , also not as good -RRB- , but it 's certainly worth the purchase .
 Upon listening to this CD , I find that the lyrics are as good as ever , however , the album overall is more commercial or mainstream than the previous releases . The album is upbeat and has a happy feel to it . In my opinion Morning Glory is a better LP , but If you are an Oasis fan this album is a must to have .
 I listened to this Cd and it 's very detail in it 's meaning okay though overall , um . . it 's well thought out though ! I liked it alot but i could have been better !
 Why is evryone judging this album on the fact that it either sounds like the Beatles or the song is too long . Call it experimental , but this is one of their best albums . I listened to Morning Glory . I only enjoyed a few songs . As for this , well ... :1 . D'You Know What I Mean ?
 Few people outside the uk can appreciate the impact that oasis had on British music . To put it simply , it was awful . Until one day in early 1994 , we caught a glimpse of the band that changed it all.Their first album was brilliant , with four great singles including the classics live forever and supersonic . It also had great songs such as ` Bring It On Down ' and ` Columbia ' . The follow up , -LRB- whats the story -RRB- morning glory ? was the biggest selling album in britain in the 90 's and one of the biggest ever . It was n't as good as the first in my eyes , but the singles ` some might say ' , ` wonderwall ' , and ` roll with it ` all became anthems that still get huge airplay here 9 years later , and ` do n't look back in anger ' was voted in the top 7 singles of all time.So they 'd done it , they conquered Britain and most of the world . The hardest thing now was the follow up . When Be Here Now was released in the UK the queues outside the record stores stretched for hundreds of metres . However , people were very quick to write it off . The opening track , 'd ` yer know what i mean ' is a really catchy tune , with a great bridge and chorous , and the 7 mins just fly by . ` My Big Mouth ' is a loud , mainly tuneless air guitar track that is one of my favourites . ` Magic Pie ' is probably the weakest track , and at 7 mins is far too long . Although Noels voice sounds good on it , it could probably have been left out for another song that did n't make it onto the album , such as ` stay young ' or ` ive got the fever ' . The next two tracks are probably the stand outs . ` Stand by me ' would have reached number 1 in England , though due to the tragic death of princess Diana and the success of the charity single it missed out by a few thousand copies . It is a beautiful slow ballad with an anthem chorus . ' I hope , I think , I know ` is a fast , uplifting , pop-rock tune with a great melody and another brilliant chorus . ` The girl in the dirty shirt ' and ` fade-in out ` are both good songs , the latter famous because it features the actor johnny depp on guitar towards the end of the track . ` Do n't go away ' is another classic , although never released here it is a great rock ballad and gets huge airplay on most rock stations here . The title track is the customary ` fun track 9 ' song on the album , and has a nice little whistle bit in it . ` all around the world is another number 1 in the uk , although i dont know what the band were on when they recorded it , as it goes on for almost ten minutes . The next track is also a mammoth effort , at 7 mins again , although this time it is my favourite on the cd and anyone who likes rock music will love it.In all , this album lives up to the reputation the first two created . It is a must have in any decent record collection , and it remains the highest selling Britpop record of all time , and the fastest selling ever in the world . Buy It .
 Big , bad , purposely bloated songs with never-ending choruses , drowned-out drums with crashing cymbals , cocky lyrics and a sense of wasted elegance -- that 's my summation of the mighty `` Be Here Now . '' By song five , you already feel like you 've heard an entire album 's worth of material . This opus includes a bit of everything
 This , to put it bluntly , is an amazing album . Sure , it 's not their best , but hey , who cares ? To me , Definately Maybe deserved 5.5 stars out of 5 . Morning glory deserved 6 stars out of 5 , and if I could give a greater rating than 5 on this album , I would . I know it is a bit repititous by the time you get to the last couple of songs , but when the first few songs are as good as this , who cares if they go back on themselves ? As long as Oasis are recording quality albums like this one , I 'll always be a fan .
 This is good old fashion rock n roll record with lead guitar & solo 's in your face , swaggering lyrics , excessive production ... it 's a MASTERPIECE . Every song is a catchy , sing-a-long anthem.Hit singles include :D ` You Know What I Mean?Stand By MeDo n't Go AwayAll Around The WorldMy Favorite Songs : Girl in the Dirty ShirtMy Big MouthMagic PieIt 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- Unfortunately this record was slated by the snobish elitist critics and Noel took it to heart , he also sobered up and as a result the next 3 albums all suck . But the first three Oasis albums are classics that will * live forever * . Bottom line
 Unbridled arrogance , excess , and obnoxiousness . Also known as , the essence of rock 'n' roll ! This amazing album is larger , longer , and louder than life . It 's almost too much to take in all at once ; I can understand why so many people just ca n't get their heads around it . But give `` Be Here Now '' a chance and you will find smart songwriting , great melodies , and stellar musicianship . The arrogance is justified . `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' is an absolute monster , a swaggering psychedelic epic so huge it leaves you almost too exhausted to continue . Definitely one of the coolest album openers ever and one of my personal all-time favorite songs . But that 's just the beginning . `` My Big Mouth '' is the sound of 24 blazing guitar tracks all turned up to 11 , with drums and vocals fighting furiously to catch up for the 5-minute running time -LRB- and it 's one of the shorter tracks ! -RRB- . `` Magic Pie '' is the album 's second 7-minute epic , featuring a soaring chorus , an excellent Noel Gallagher vocal performance , and a long found-sound coda . `` Stand by Me '' and `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' are anthemic stadium rockers that keep the adrenaline level high.From here the album dips back into '60s psychedelia for `` The Girl in the Dirty Shirt '' and the epic -LRB- see how that word keeps coming up ? -RRB- `` Fade In-Out . '' `` Do n't Go Away '' finally scales back the guitar pyrotechnics for some tender acoustic plucking and a beautiful , wistful melody backed by bombastic strings and horns . The title track , `` All Around the World , '' and `` It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- '' return to blisteringly loud guitars and huge , anthemic choruses . Finally , `` All Around the World -LRB- Reprise -RRB- '' takes us out with an orchestral restatement of the song 's outro and the sound of a door closing . -LRB- Between the song proper and the reprise , that 's almost 12 minutes of `` All Around the World . '' Wow . -RRB- This record has certainly taken a beating over the years , but it really does n't deserve the bad reputation . Take another listen to `` Definitely Maybe '' and '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' -- is n't the bombast and brashness part of the charm ? `` Be Here Now '' just takes that musical philosophy beyond the limits of common sense , to its lunatic extreme . Sometimes bigger actually is better , and `` Be Here Now '' is as big as rock music gets .
 For a long time it was impossible for people to take an objective view of Oasis . They were either the greatest band in the world or a joke , depending on who you asked . I think grunge had trained a lot of people into thinking it was n't cool to like partying , acting stupid , and just rocking -- which is really what Oasis were about . In this sense they were more like Guns n Roses than the Beatles . And just like GNR their career basically imploded following their third , bloated album.But in retrospect `` Be Here Now '' was everything Oasis was meant to be from the beginning -- totally over the top . Like others here have mentioned , the reversal of critical opinion regarding `` Be Here Now '' was striking . Having ignored the first two Oasis albums -LRB- which turned out to be seminal -RRB- , the music press rushed to proclaim `` Be Here Now '' a great album upon release . But the problem was that Oasis had fulfilled their destiny in becoming drugged out , over-produced , groupie shagging rock stars . Like many bands that were huge in Britain , Americans just did n't seem to get it . There was really no where left for Oasis to go . Opinion of the album accordingly shifted.Having watched Oasis flounder with `` Standing on the Shoulders of Giants '' and `` Heathen Chemistry , '' and regroup with this year 's `` Do n't Believe the Truth , '' it 's easier to judge `` Be Here Now '' in context . It 's a sprawling , out of control record that has a life of its own.I do n't think any band could purposefully set out to make a record this audacious . `` Be Here Now '' is a product of a band that was too high and wrapped up in their own fame to believe they had limits . When you listen to it now it sounds overblown in the best way possible -- like T.Rex 's `` The Slider '' or the `` Use Your Illusion '' records.The sound is huge , arena rock . The songs last too long . The album as a whole lasts too long . The cover art is ridiculous . The lyrics are ridiculous . It 's almost a parody . But beneath it all , the songs are good . It 's loud . It sounds great when you 're drunk . There are a couple of good ballads that might even cause the drunk girl next to you to drunkenly make-out with you . In short , this is what rock n roll is supposed to be .
 When it was released , Be Here Now was greeted by rapturous reviews and unbelievable sales -LRB- 885,000 copies sold in Britain that week , the equivalent of 4-5 million copies in a week here -RRB- . Within a couple of months -LRB- largely due , in my opinion , to the comparative brilliance of OK Computer and Urban Hymns -RRB- Be Here Now was reviled as a cocaine excess and Oasis ' short reign as the biggest group in the world was over . Oasis certainly has never recovered . But this is a great album , full of long , loud songs that never forget the importance of a great tune . Sure , the lyrics are naff but who cares when they 're being sung by the best singer of his generation , Mr. Liam Gallagher -LRB- except for Magic Pie , a top song despite the absolute worst , most pretentious lyrics ever -RRB- . I 'm not going to go through the strengths and weaknesses of each song -LRB- others have done it better -RRB- but let me just point out three songs :1 . Do You Know What I Mean ? A massive , massive song , the first new Oasis song to follow the trailblazing Morning Glory album . This song is so 1997 but still conjures up a feeling of companionship , the idea that we 're all in this together . Just awesome .2 . Fade In-Out
 I became a die-hard Oasis fan after getting `` Definitely Maybe '' from my local library and falling in love with it . It has since become one of my top 5 albums ever , but Be Here Now is my 2nd favorite release of theirs . Yes , I know what you are thinking ... this man is the only person in existence who likes BHN more than WTSMG . Not true . I love them both equally , but BHN has a special place in my heart . I do n't really understand why so many journalists/critics/fans think of this as a `` letdown '' . It contains at least 5 of the best Oasis songs ever -LRB- Stand by Me , I Hope I Think I know , D'you know What I Mean ? , All Around the World , It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- -RRB- . In fact , the last 2 are some of the best songs ever made . Seriously . Here 's the truth folks
 Remember 1997 ? Oasis were at their zenith , Be Here Now was about to go on sale and the hype machine went into overdrive . Be Here Now quickly went onto break records becoming the fastest selling British album of all time and peaked at number 2 in The States . So where did it all go wrong?On the albums release , the music press at large universally praised the album . However , with the passing of time , the album , the crowning glory of Brit Pop , was dethroned by capricious critics . The media backlash begun , Be Here Now was critically plundered and lost beneath a tidal wave of hype.BE HERE NOW EXHUMED , RESPUN AND EMBRACED . Be Here Now possesses depth , exuberance and swagger in abundance . There simply is n't a weak track on the album . ` Stand By Me ' is ultimate pub rock , ` Dya Know What I Mean ' is dark , brooding Rock at its triumphant best . ` All Around The World ' is celebratory and uplifting.Be Here Now is the ultimate fans favourite . So much so a petition , signed by hundreds in its opening week , has been promoted across the web to be presented to the band later this year . Fan 's are campaigning to restore tracks from this `` lost classic '' to the live set.THE BE HERE NOW PETITION - ITS GETTING BETTER -LRB- MAN !!! -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Some reviews here state that this album initially had negative reviews . This could n't be further from the truth . Oasis were all over MTV , Rolling Stone , etc. during the lead-up to their third album , and the initial reviews were of high praise . -LSB- ... -RSB- And let 's not forget that in their homeland , the album accounted for two-thirds of ALL music sold for the entire WEEK it came out . Simply put , very few people were listening to anything else.It seemed kind of cool at first to have an expanded album ; 72 minutes of pure mayhem , starting out with D'You Know What I Mean ? - Noel 's anti-Wonderwall track which helped hype the album ahead of its release , and one of their best songs of all time . My Big Mouth continued with the wall of sound , while being concise in relation to the other tracks at about five minutes , and Fade In-Out - though too long , a problem with many tracks on the album - was a truly unique Oasis track . But after the initial buzz wore off , people realized that seven minutes of Magic Pie was a bit much . It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !!! -RRB- was a great four-minute song in the body of a seven-minute song ; chorus after chorus , solo after solo , it just got worse as the album wound down . Unfortunately , Noel had relegated some of his best music as B-sides which would wind up in obscurity for casual fans - check out the All Around The World single to hear some of their best work from the period.Despite its flaws - obviously a cocaine album , and Noel admitted at the time he did n't take any creative chances -LRB- `` it 's pub rock '' , he said at the time -RRB- - this album still takes me back to a great time , eleven years later . This was the height of Brit-pop , and yet The Verve had n't even released Urban Hymns yet . As the summer turned to fall of 1997 , people began moving on to other bands and looking for the next best thing , as Brit-pop had overstayed its welcome with one too many near-breakups , cancelled tour dates , and hubris from these bands , let alone the tabloid drama.This is n't to say that great music was n't made in Britain after 1997 - I still think this album holds up well against the other albums of its time . Be Here Now caught Oasis , and the music world , at a very particular place in time ; the sound and the length of the album remain true to that . After Noel realized the drugs truly did n't work , it took a couple of albums for them to regain their footing , but after 2005 's Do n't Believe The Truth , a cleaned-up Oasis is ready to storm back with 2008 's Dig Out Your Soul , which is receiving a lot of early praise.No matter what Oasis do next or sound like five years from now , this album will always be in my playlist due to the time capsule it has become for those of us who loved good rock music back in the heyday of Britpop .
 Oasis had a hard job , in '97 trying to follow up the epic -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory album . And all in all , I believe they did it right.No , this is n't another Definitely Maybe , or Morning Glory , but it 's a classic in it 's own rite . It 's a louder album , and is meant to kick you in the behind.D ` Ya Know What I Mean ? takes the chord progression of Wonderwall , and turns it up on the volume knob to 11 . `` Step off the train , all alone at dawn . . back into the hole where I was born , sun in the sky never raised an eye to me . . '' Wow , Liam has this track down as one of his best vocals.Follow this up with the rip your face off , `` My Big Mouth , '' and you may be wondering , is this Oasis ? These are followed by the 7 minute long , Magic Pie , sung by Noel . If anything , some may say that this song goes on too long . I 'll give them that . But it 's a beautiful song , none the less.Stand By Me and I Hope I think I Know are 2 fun , upbeat songs . The Girl in The Dirty Shirt was a fave of mine from the first time I heard it . A very fun chord progression and vocals . Well done!Track 7 , Fade In Out , is unlike anything done by Oasis to this point . This song has Jonny Depp on the slide guitar , and fits in well with the first couple tracks.Don ' t Go Away was supposed to be the next Wonderwall , but it never took off like it should have . Has a terrific acoustic guitar outro at the end . Gets me everytime.Be Here Now . . loud , and in your face like the first few songs.All Around the World , Oasis ' longest track recorded . A very melodic song , with a definite Beatles feel to it . And the video is very `` Yellow Submarine . '' Ended with Noel and Liam singing the `` la la la 's '' you ca n't help but get goose bumps . Well done guys!It 's Getting Better Man is simple , down and out rock n roll song . Very Oasis.And finished by the All Around the World reprise , a fun finish to this album.This album was supposed to have made Oasis the kings of rock n roll , and get them over the proverbial hump here in the states , but never did . It 's too bad , cos this is flat out - awesome piece of rock n roll here !!
 Released in August of 1997 , Oasis ' 3rd album `` Be Here Now '' has been much maligned over the years , not just by critics and fans , but by Noel Gallagher himself , which is a real shame because this is actually a great album that finds Oasis embracing their strengths wholeheartedly . One highly noticeable difference with `` Be Here Now '' is that Oasis dropped that late '60s - style reverb-heavy sound that 's so prominent on tracks like `` Do n't Look Back In Anger '' . Oasis ' huge sound had already been in full force on `` Definitely Maybe '' and to a lesser extent '' -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' , but Noel wanted to take this a step further yet -- the clear goal with `` Be Here Now '' was to make a huge , sweeping , epic rock & roll album , and regardless of what Noel may say , they succeeded beyond all belief . Noel wrote all the songs on `` Be Here Now '' ; he has confessed that certain songs here had been written prior to the first album `` Definitely Maybe , but frankly , that 's just a further testament to the mass quantity of great songs he had at his disposal in his songbook . Seriously , Noel Gallagher was 27 years old when `` Definitely Maybe '' came out in August of 1994 , and it 's an easy guess that he 'd been doing plenty of songwriting before that time , so it makes sense he had a lot of material at hand considering his level of songwriting talent . Song after song on `` Be Here Now '' has ultra-catchy hooks , and the album 's extremely dense sound gives the album an all-encompassing feel , not unlike George Harrison 's `` All Things Must Pass '' , and this sound really works wonders here . Do n't get the wrong idea that the huge sound of `` Be Here Now '' is indicative of it being music to knuckleheadedly chant along to in big arenas ; think more along the lines of `` Hey Jude '' -- the anthemic feel is mostly genuine , and there really is depth here . I want to point out that the lyrics here are actually far more sincere and emotional than a lot of people would lead you to believe -- it 's not just a bunch of obvious hippy-dippy rhyming of the kind that John Power from Cast specialized in , just to make a comparison . Oasis do n't rush through things here , and that 's another positive aspect -- most of the songs are fittingly taken at that ` laidback Oasis tempo ' , and the album 's pacing is masterful , using extended intros and outtros to sort of ease you along . Apart from Noel 's excellent feature on `` Magic Pie '' , it 's Liam Gallagher on lead vocals for all of the songs , and his rough-around-the-edges vocals are superb -- always convicing and carrying a great deal of emotional weight . To name a handful of the terrific songs here , there the anthemic `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' ; the rip-roaring high-speed rocker `` My Big Mouth '' ; the wistful `` Magic Pie '' ; the cautionary , Allman Brothers-ish , roadhouse blues-flavored `` Fade In-Out '' ; and the rousing , uplifting rocker `` It 's Getting Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- '' . I 'm not going to say that the album NEVER goes at all overboard -- I wo n't argue that it was really necessary to include a reprise of `` All Around The World '' when the song itself is already over 9 minutes long , and the jokey , out-of-place tacked-on ending of `` Magic Pie '' sounds foolish . `` Stand By Me '' does have a little bridge section that very briefly pushes the song into melodramatic territory , but otherwise it 's a wonderfully bittersweet power ballad with a singalong chorus . `` All Around The World '' does have some admittedly hokey lyrics , but the enormous build-up really gets under your skin . The title track and the uptempo `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' are a lot of fun as well , and `` Do n't Go Away '' is a lovely tender ballad with a refreshingly stripped-down coda . Regardless of how derivative Oasis may be , they really did hit upon a great distinctive signature sound which is heard in all of its glory on `` Be Here Now '' , a genuine '90s masterpiece .
 I remember buying this record the day it come out , here in Funchal-Madeira-Portugal , in 1997 . It gave me the creeps ... Today , after 8 years , after listening to all the critics , after listining to hundreds of other albuns , after almost interiorize all the bashing , I listened to it again.I just can say , probably the most under-rated album of all time!A phenomenal record ! Someone said once ... `` We can forgive everything , except geniality '' . It was and it is cool to dislike Oasis . Geniality is indeed hard to take ...
 I will never understand why oasis get 's bashed by critics . Do they sound like the Beatles ? Yes . Do they have over inflated egos ? Yes . Are they one of the all time great bands ? Yes . BE HERE NOW is nothing short of a masterpiece . Do not listen to critics , or to Noel -LRB- his ego will not let him say he likes this album . -RRB- Every song is great and will be remembered by us fans forever .
 Oasis slipped a bit here . Noel can still write great songs , but his guitar playing is starting to sound similar . He has great riffs , but you can here a lot of other songs in his `` new '' ones . A few of the songs are a bit long too . Overall its a catchy album , but it could have been better . Magic Pie , D'ya Know What I Mean , and Do n't Go Away -LRB- sounds a bit like `` Slide Away '' however -RRB- are great .
 The third and arguably the best of all three Oasis albums , this set of music shows the world class and genius of Noel Gallagher . The album was the fastest selling album since Michael Jacksons `` Bad '' , with songs like `` D'You know what I mean ? '' , `` Do n't Go Away '' , `` All Around the World '' and `` Stand By Me '' . Oasis once again prove themselves to be the best and biggest band in England and the one of the biggest bands in the world . Also they are fantastic live . Liams vocals on the songs are better than ever along with Paul McGuigan , Paul Arthurs and Alan White , oasis are turning them selves into greats that will `` Live Forever '' Keep up the fantastic work guys . Are you MAD FOR IT ? Chris Welch Vancouver . BC Canada END
 I have never understood how an album so good has been identified with being so mediocre . The only guess that I can surmise is the fact that Oasis
 This album is loud and bombastic -- this is the album Oasis was bound to make.Even though Noel Gallagher himself hates this album , I think it 's an absolutely essential work . It is heavily underrated and has become the goat in Oasis ' catalogue . Funny , I do n't remember it being ripped apart completely in the press , yet it is considered the album that irrevocably changed the band and was met with a bit of a backlash after the massive success of the first two LPs . Be Here Now also appeared the same summer as Radiohead 's OK Computer , and much critical focus shifted from these mad Mancunians to the whiny electronic-fused rock of Thom Yorke and Co.The same way Rattle & Hum is considered the album that humbled U2 -LRB- another bit of completely farcical music press nonsense -RRB- , this is the album that forced change in Oasis.Yet this is a great album . The wall of sound is massive and dense , packed with fat hooks and the heavy production that Oasis was heading toward.Noel claims that this album was created with a liberal helping of drink and drugs . I 'm not surprised , but since when have these vices stopped great albums from being made?The opening track was the first single and is rock-solid and rousing . The opening features some electronic , static and sample filled noodling before introducing a big fat beat and a great chorus.So many of the criticisms of this album are true , and yet , I find myself loving the album even more all these years later because of those very perceived flaws.Magic Pie , for instance , is a massive , head-nodding track that goes on about two or three minutes longer than you ever think it will , but that big heavy end jam makes the song for me and gives it an almost irresistible weight . There are at least three loud and heavy rockers
 Be here now is one of the finest albums after what 's the story and definitive maybe.this album is a masterpiece with many of the songs as classics.This album is awesome and is highly recommended .
 This album definately brings me back . I remember waiting in the summer for it to come out . I was a teenager back then . So innocent . Those were the days . Damn they go by quick . Anyway , this album is too long at times , but there are some solid tracks on here . It 's not their best , the first two album are where it 's at . But , it 's still a very good album .
 Is it a grandiose , self-indulgent , ambitious , sneering , loud anthemic fireball of crunchy , slightly bent hook-laden British guitar rock ? YES ! Oasis was still very young , very crazy , and totally unafraid to amp it up , ramp it up and like a 16-ton weight in a Monty Python episode , drop this massive monolith on top of whatever happened to be standing in its way.I recently bought the album in part based on the positive reviews , and have to admit that on first listen I was blown away by the sheer length and loudness of the songs . I found it disappointing and did n't `` get '' the hooks at all -- the songs seemed disjointed and contrived besides being just plain loud and long.On that first listen I was only really impressed with about three tunes , `` D'You Know What I Mean '' , `` Stand By Me '' and `` Do n't Go Away . '' Some tunes just did n't seem to make any sense . So I decided to then listen in the car and just let the music sink so I would n't feel impatient about the beefy running time of the songs.However , on second listen , everything `` clicked . '' The riff in `` My Big Mouth '' is catchy , a solid wall of electric jangle with lots of phase shifting , like it was run through a jet engine . `` Magic Pie '' literally came together in my brain and seemed to work brilliantly . The three -LRB- wow -RRB- key changes in `` All Around the World '' drive the anthem home and the sheer length and breadth of `` D'You Know What I Mean '' now seems necessary for a band that was on top of the bloody world and knew it ! Liam 's voice is ballsy as ever throughout , yet simultaneously soars with possibilities even on a plaintive chorus of `` Do n't Go Away . '' All the singles sound like they should have been massive radio hits , but you know radio would rather play the same song repeatedly especially when the new stuff does n't sound EXACTLY like a perfect little sequel , so at least in the US this kind of landed with a thud at the time.No matter . Almost 14 years on , the record is taking on a life of its own via the sheer brute force that was packed into its grooves . The album is like a time bomb that is going off now mainly because the band is officially over as a unit . After all , the `` Time Flies '' singles collection is out there , and the only thing for fans to do is to listen with fresh ears to existing material . Yes , there are no doubt hidden treasures lying amongst the unreleased material , such as mystery b-sides , lost songs and alternate takes.But that 's the future . For now , we can and should re-examine the past . And one thing I think it 's fair to say is that despite the the endless bleating of critics , Oasis stayed with it and created numerous killer songs throughout its career . In this case , what we have is a snapshot of what was happening when the band was first blowing up everywhere.It 's big , bold , brash , and loud as hell . This disc does n't play , it explodes out of your speakers with vocal and instrumental hooks that attach themselves to the side of your brain and refuse to let go . And to make sure they do n't , they 're repeated several more times ! So not only is this at volume level eleven , the songs all go to `` length level eleven ! '' And there are eleven separate songs -- not including the reprise of `` All Around the World '' which is the wholly unnecessary finish to this demented escapade -- and therefore , the perfect ending to it all . Five stars for a rock and roll album that singlehandedly launched -LRB- and won -RRB- the loudness war . In fact , my impression was that with this album , Oasis in fact became `` England 's Loudest Band . '' You are either along for the ride of your life , or you can stay home and whine because they did n't make the same album again and again.Fortunately the record is being rediscovered . Only a bunch of rich , brilliant , egomaniacal skeezed-up punks could have made this album and I 'm glad they did !
 ` Be here now ' in my opinion is so underrated , everyone knew it wasnt going to top the success of ` morning glory ' , but what album could ?? it was a tough act to follow ! anyway enough of saying how good ` morning glory ' is , ` Be here now ' for me , on its own is a brilliant album , from start to finish their is only one song i skip -LRB- not saying which one -RRB- , songs like ' i hope , i think , i know ' , ` dont go away ' and ` be here now ' could all of made really good singles . theirs alot of ppl who slate this album and say it was to rushed , which is aload of rubbish i reckon ! any one from a hardcore oasis fan to just a steady fan should think about purchasing it !
 I really do n't understand all of the negative comments about Be Here Now -LRB- especially on the reviews of other Oasis albums -RRB- . This is a fantastic work . I 've had it for about six months and I still listen to it almost every day . Every song is awesome . I never even think about skipping a song on this album . I know that many Americans have a bad opinion of Oasis , based purely on the stories they hear about certain band members . My advise is to simply listen to the music . This is the best band in the world today . This album is every bit as good as What 's the Story Morning Glory , The Masterplan , and Definitely Maybe . And truth be told , I think that Standing on the Shoulder of Giants is right there also . This band is so good ... every album is outstanding . BUY THIS ALBUM AND EVERY OTHER OASIS ALBUM . THEY ARE GREAT !
 It 's got to be hard to make a follow-up album to the mutli-platnum success of Oasis ' sophmoric triumph `` What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- . '' As far as most fans and critics are concerned they biffed on their third cd `` Be Here Now . '' But to the untrained ear this album sounds like dribble and weak attempts at conquering success demands . However this is their most psychadelic and smoothest album . From beginning to end it flows like the English Channel from the opening rock 'n' roll anthem `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' to the reprise of one of their best songs `` All Around The World . '' Sure it does n't have smash hits like `` Wonderwall '' or `` Supersonic '' but there is n't one song on this record that feels like it does n't belong and does n't compliment the next or previous song . Just take a peak at `` Stand By Me '' or `` Do n't Go Away '' and you should be sold . 8/10 Highlights
 There 's been a weird about-turn by many magazines over this album . Q magazine gave it 5 stars only to , shamefully , later disown it . Oasis themselves see it as an unfortunate by-product of too much of the party lifestyle and never play any of its songs live . The truth is that Oasis have become more middle of the road since this album was released . D'you know what I mean ? is the closest Oasis have ever got to the Stone Roses ` Breaking into Heaven ' and Fade In-Out , too , hints at The Roses ' saldy maligned Second Coming . It still ranks as their most ambitious album and you ca n't help smiling at the Beatle-esque meanderings of All Around The World as it loops on , ad finitum . It 's a very British madness , this album , like Pink Floyd - indeed the Floydian helicopters enter on the first song . My Big Mouth , I Hope , I think , I know and It 's getting better -LRB- man -RRB- seem to be cut from the same cloth and a belief in the future and Magic Pie stumbles heroically to Stand by me . Girl in the Dirty Shirt has the magical quality of She 's Electric . Not just a collection of singles glued together with some fillers , this feels like an album and should be listened to on a long sunny afternoon in the car .
 Well one day I was at a used book and cd store when I saw this cd on the shelf , I was looking for something new , I 've been listening to a lot of Led Zeppelin , Nirvana , things like that lately , thought I would see how the newer stuff is , and I have heard a couple of the songs on this cd elsewhere and thought they were good so I picked it up . . I was surprised to find that I actually enjoyed it , who knew that an impulse buy would turn out to be great ?? lolI would reccomend this cd if you 're looking for something a little different than the usual I guess ... like someone else said , it might take a while to get into the feel of the song , like Magic Pie sounded pretty dumb atfirst but now it 's one of my favorites , lol who knew right ... so yeah ... good cd , glad i got it : -RRB-
 For reasons I will not embellish upon here , Oasis ' third album , Be Here Now , is , while I agree not their best -LRB- Morning Glory holds that distinguished honor -RRB- , my favorite by their group . This concept may be difficult for some to grasp , but I can clearly see why -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? Is the better album , however , I enjoy Be Here Now so much more . I will admit , it is entirely overproduced , but at the time I fell I love with it , it was the only album I knew , by them , or by anyone for that matter.The album fits as whole , an important factor when putting together any compilation of music . Every song seems to fit in its designated spot , flowing right along with its predecessor into the song that follows . It hits several climaxes , as I can see ; the first being in the unforgettable opener D'you Know What I Mean ? The second arrives during the fourth track , Stand By Me , and a final one during the tenth track , All Around the World . The best song on the album , and the greatest zenith it reaches is the eighth track , Do n't Go Away . It not only gets better as it plays -LRB- it is nearly perfect when it begins and entirely so as Noel strums the last chord -RRB- , it also gets better every time you play it . Each underlying note and audible chord fits together perfectly . The album closes on a symphonic reprise of All Around the World , leaving the listener only to want to listen to the entire album once more in its entirety .
 Oasis had come a short distance but crossed boundaries and were the kings of britrock that had crossed over and ruled America over the course of the summer of ' 96 . The band packed their bags , trashed the tour and returned home and went straight into the recording studios to make the album they were dreaming about . Their very own White Album.Be Here Now is an example of a band that had pushed the envelope . A band that sits on top of the world and taking itself way to seriously . But why would n't they ? Oasis have released two major number one hit albums back to back one year apart with ` Definitely Maybe ' in 94 , and ` What 's The Story Morning Glory ' in 95 . Now it 's 97 , and Oasis had all the right to take advantage of their name , the equipment they had , and come out with one loud rocking bang!Be Here Now opens up with Do You Know What I Mean which is the strangest sounding rock song ever released since The Beatles released Revolver . A cool song that marks Oasis ' first experiment with the avant garde-ish sound that the other fab group before them ventured into . My Big Mouth is a loud hair raising rock tune . Liam 's best vocals in years . One of the best tracks on Be Here Now . Magic Pie is Noel 's first vocal duty on the album . A solid accoustic song that elevates into a hard rocker with Noel singing his heart out . Stand By Me is Oasis at their best . A low key rocking ballad that will make you want to fall in love . It 's songs like these that really give Oasis their unique voice . I Hope I Think I Know is a punk rock song where the music is much better than ythe lyrics . Girl In A Dirty Shirt is Noel 's bluesy ode to his then girlfriend Meg Mathews . Fade In/Out is the loudest song on the album . That scream in the middle comes as a surprise . Johnny Depp plays slide guitar on this song that sounds like a theme from a western movie at the very beginning . One of the album 's highlights . Do n't Go Away is what Oasis can do best . A Wonderwall-ish rock ballad . The most beautiful tune on the entire album . This song can easily fit on Morning Glory . A rock classic . The Title track Be Here Now , which does n't make sense at all , moves on by at flight speed but not hurting the album . Intended to be the Morning Glory of the album , and even though it fails it 's still a not too bad song . All Around The World is where Oasis really push it . At 9 minutes , this has got to be the longest song I have ever went through . One of the album 's highlights . A grand epic about peace on earth . More like a cry for help on the band 's part . It 's Getting Better Man sounds like it was recorded live . And that only makes it sound better man ! The reprise at the end sounds unnecessary but for a White Album that had to be put in there.On a Oasis level , this is their most overproduced , and over hyped album they ever released.But it grows on you like a fungus . The only reason that Oasis are still rocking big in the UK today is because they really know how to make good music and know how to cheer people up . Be Here Now will cheer you up . If it does n't then you can do what Liam tells you to do in the title track ' flash your pan at the song that I 'm singing ' Whatever way you choose , thsi is a great album , not the greatest , but compared with the rest of the albums in the market , the greatest .
 i had heard that this cd wans n't supposed to be very good so i decided to get it from my local library . I thought it was very well made and was their best albulm . -LRB- Yes I liked better than even `` mornig glory . '' -RRB- I did buy the cd and recomend it to any oasis fan .
 With the release of `` Be Here Now '' Oasis were giants and the world stood to see what was next for the cocaine snorting-groupie shagging Rock N ' Roll Animals . What we got was a giant Rock N Roll epic that went to the loudest and fullest sound Oasis had ever gone to . While still sticking to the basics with a notch louder Oasis experimented with such songs as `` D'ya Know What I Mean ? '' reycling chords from `` Wonderwall '' and doing a slide guitar track with Johnny Depp on `` Fade In/Out '' . This album however does n't sound all new , we get tracks like beautiful `` Stand By Me '' and `` Do n't Go Away '' which is like an updated version of `` Wonderwall '' . Also a touching tribute to Noel 's wife Meg `` The Girl With The Dirty Shirt '' . The only weak tracks I feel on this album are `` I Hope I Think I Know '' and `` Be Here Now '' . `` Be Here Now '' ends in a blaze with the song-along epic ending oasis album song with `` All Around The World '' than when you think its over it comes back with an encore of `` It 's Getting Better -LRB- Man -RRB- '' and the ends on a light note with a little muzik instrumental version of `` All Around The World '' . I do admit this song was a little too loud and overdone which is what kept it from being a classic . Its still worth getting though because singles like these do n't come along alot these days .
 What a masterpiece . This album , along with Nirvana 's Nevermind , are the two best albums ive ever heard . The lyrics and melodies are breathtaking . How can you not love this album ? With songs like Dyou know what i mean , all around the world , dont go away , i hope , i think , i know , and stand by me . Although each Oasis album has its own style , i think Be here now is the best album from the worlds best band .
 Still Listening to this CD nearly 2 years later . Great , memorable tunes that are standing up to the test of time for me . I 'd say , with out a doubt , that if you 're a rock fan who likes great melodies , this CD is a definitive must-buy for your collection if you do n't have it already ... as a matter of fact , even if you have it already , buy it again !!! It 's that good . : -RRB-
 `` Be Here Now '' is for sure the best Oasis album . It has their greatest songs , and it shows how well they can make music.When I bought this CD I was n't sure if I was going to like , but after I listened to songs like `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' , `` All Around The World '' , `` Stand By Me '' , and the title track `` Be Here Now '' , I saw that once again Oasis did a great job !!
 oasis deserve to be known as legends.not only are they at the same level as musical giants sucha s the beatles and the rolling stones but i believe that their song writing abilities man even surpass theirs.just hearing `` dont go away '' made this my favorite album of 1997 and made dont go away my favorite song .
 Hey , all musicfans out there , this album is a must-buy . Soft melodies , strong Brit-Pop , this is just cool ! I just would buy it !
 THIS IS THE BEST CD I 'VE EVER LISTEN I THINK IT & iexcl ; S PERFECT , THE MUSIC THE VOCALS EVERYTHING I JUST LOVE IT AND I AGREE WHEN PEOPLE SAY OASIS IS THE BEST BAND IN THE WORLD
 THIS IS THE BEST CD I 'VE EVER LISTEN I THINK IT & iexcl ; S PERFECT , THE MUSIC THE VOCALS EVERYTHING I JUST LOVE IT AND I AGREE WHEN PEOPLE SAY OASIS IS THE BEST BAND IN THE WORLD
 Well , most of my family live in England and they live in the town where Oasis come from ; Manchester . Their music is excellent , I just ca n't stand them , and Liam Gallagher calling his son Lennon . . that is ripping the 60 's off . My fave track is `` It 's gettin ' better -LRB- Man ! -RRB-
 I like Oasis because their songs are rhythmic and I like the lead singer 's voice . All of their songs have a different rhythmic and all songs are really good . There are 12 songs on this album . I like the 4th song '' STAND BY ME '' because it 's really nice when they say ` stand by me , nobody knows the way it 's gon na be ` I like these parts !!! And the 8th song '' DO N'T GO AWAY '' is good , too . I found this song is for when something sad has happened to you ; It 's one of the best song in this album !! So I think this album is fantastic !!!!! I want Oasis to sing many songs .
 Oasis just keep getting better . The songs prove here in this 3rd effort from the band . My fav is `` Stand By Me '' their best song to date . Also includes `` All Around The World '' hey jude ? Great cd a must have for any music fan . Buy It .
 Theres a lot of bad reviews for `` Be Here Now '' , a good number of them by people who call themselves Oasis fans . Well , as Noel Gallagher would simply say `` F-ck off !!!! '' . Whats not to like about `` Be Here Now '' ? Its all here , the crunching guitars , the thundering drums , the earthquake basslines , and Liam 's signature nasal growls . It 's kick off single `` Do You Know What I Mean ? '' is perfect , brassed with the shimmering hard rock that is the greatest modern band at their rock n ' roll height . The depth and artistry of this magnificent album ca n't be cut with a chainsaw , and give Noel the credit he deserves for being the songwriting genious that he is . Packed from start to finish with `` My Big Mouth '' , `` Do n't Go Away '' , `` All Around the World '' -LRB- Oasis ' masterpiece , hands down -RRB- , `` It 's Getting Better Man '' and `` The Girl in the Dirty Shirt '' to name a few , this album finally proves that when the Stones and U2 retire , Oasis will undoubtebly take the reigns as the world 's ultimate rock n ' roll band . So to you so called fans who slogged this album , once again `` F-ck Off !!!! , and let the real Oasis fans listen to the music without your mindless rants and whines cluttering the airwaves .
 Dont go away stand by me are some of the best songs ever . This album is one of the best albums of all time its definately there best . This band to me is up there with the greatest bands of all time . Bands like the beatles , REM , U2 , coldplay , etc. . This album rocks .
 is it true johnny depp played slide guitar on this song ? can u actually hear it
 Eat my Magic Pie , it tastes like chicken
 THIS , THE RECOGNISED MASTERPIECE IN THE COLLECTED WORKS OF THE GREAT LIAM GALLAGHER , MAN THIS GUY IS AGENIUS !! I LOVE HIM , WHEN HE SINGS , `` BE HERE NOW !!! '' I JUST FEEL SO RELAXED AND WARM AND SAFE , LIKE I WAS IN THE ARMS OF A GIANT WHO WAS CARING FOR ME AFTER A HOT BATH , YOU KNOW ?? SERIOUSLY THOUGH THIS IS ONE GREAT FEEL GOOD ALBUM , I HAVE AN ANUAL DISCO ONCE A YEAR AND I ALWAYS PALY SOME TRACKS FROM THIS ON MY GUITAR . I LOOK UP TO LIAM , YOU KNOW ? HES THE REASON WHY IMM A MUSICAL MAN.THE TWO MAIN REASONS FOR MY MUSICAL NATURE , AREONE -- LIAM GALLAGHER ANDTWO -- DICK VAN DYKE FROM CHITTI CHITTI BANG BANGYOU KNOW I BOGGHT THAT BOOK '' `` THE 100 MOST BEAUTIFUL SONGS '' '' ANDI NOTICED THAT THEY HAVE THE GREAT GREAT LEGEND OF A SONG THAT IS CHAMPAGNE SUPERNOVA BUT DO THEY HAVE ANY PINK FLOYD ???? NOOOOOOO ! THEY DONT AND YOU KNOW WHY ?? BECAUSE PINK FLOYD STINK ! THEY PURE AND SIMPLE STINK !! WHEN I HAD MY ANUAL DISCO SOMEONE PUT ON SOME '' FLOYD '' AND THE DISCO FLOOR CLEARED OUT ... THAT DRIVELING CACK THAT IS ` COMFORTABLY NUMB ' BUT THE GOOD THING WAS THAT I HAD THE BRIGHT IDEA TO PUT ON THE REAL VERSION OF THE SONG BY THE GREAT SCISSOR SISTERS.SERIOUSLY THOUGH , THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM , A REAL TUMMY WARMER , SOFT TO THE TOUCH , BUT OH SO HARD ! AND I WILL THROW MY SLIMY WELLYS AT ANY PINK FLOYD ! LOSER ! THAT SAYS OTHERWISE.ME AND THE WORLD OF NON LOSERS ARE RIGHT !
 Despues del exito del disco anterior , todo apuntaba a OASIS , y supieron manejar esto , sacando un disco muy bien producido , con una ejecucion excelsa , un sonido mas crudo que el anterior y lleno de peque & ntilde ; os homenajes a otras grandes bandas inglesas
 From the opening blistering track , `` D'You Know What I Mean '' , to the epic `` All Around the World , '' `` Be Here Now '' is a flat-out straight rock n ' roll record that hangs on sugar-coated hooks , memorable melodies , the infectious and hauntingly beautiful resonance of Liam Gallagher 's vocals , and the lush guitar backdrop provided by Noel Gallagher . Oasis remains faithful to the old recipe found on their previous albums , borrowing elements of rock and pop to form music has withstood the test of time . `` Be Here Now '' does have undeniable high marks -LRB- notables including `` My Big Mouth , '' `` The Girl in the Dirty Shirt , '' `` Do n't Go Away , '' `` Stand by Me '' -RRB- though some tracks are lacking compared to several unreleased b-sides of the band , which is often the case with this band . All in all , the album is overly mixed and starts to wear thin at times within an overstuffed environment of effects , guitars , and more effects . Unlike '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory , '' `` Be Hear Now '' showcases the band 's obviously apparent hard work in a manner which occasionally outshines the quality of the record . Their sophomore effort is more raw and effecting , without the oblivious trite touches a studio makeover can spew . Even Noel himself -LRB- according to rumor -RRB- disowns this album , acknowledging that it was overdone and mixed to the ground . But even at their not-quite-best , Oasis still pulls off a more superior work than the majority of those scrub bands vying for your hard-earned dollars . `` Be Here Now '' is not the band 's best work , but it 's well worth a listen to regardless .
 If you loved -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory you 're gon na love Be Here Now too . A dozen of explosive songs with that little something which makes it unmistakeably oasis -LRB- and I never thought they sound like The Beatles ! -RRB- . Fade In/Out is the second best song the band 's ever done , and the rock 'n' roller I Hope , I Think , I Know is a very melodic , straight forward song . Great!This album is simply ... GOOD . Buy it ! You wo n't be disappointed ! Every single track is worth listening to .
 I just dont get it , Noel writes two superb albums and then lets him self down with an sub par record . Yeah its good but listen to the other two albums and youll realise that this is dross comperd with them . But it is still a good album and if another band had recorded it we would be hailing them as the new oasis .
 It could be described as a case of `` Why did they do that ? '' , because although Be Here Now is a great album , it is tarnished by musical blemishes such as Do n't go away and The girl in the dirty shirt . But we forgive Be Here Now of it 's weaker points because of its strong ones . These strong points include D'You Know What I Mean ? , My Big Mouth , and the -LRB- underrated -RRB- future classic , It 's gettin ' better -LRB- man !! -RRB- . Maybe its me , or maybe oasis should forget about ballads and soft songs and stick to Rock 'n' roll of which they are the undisputed champions . It might be lack of inspiration or -LRB- more likely -RRB- lack of effort which contributes greatly to the more laboured efforts mentioned earlier , but overall , Oasis deserve a pat on the back for giving us some more of that unmistakibly `` Oasis '' tunes that are entirely worthy of your dosh .
 These album is their best work yet , the songs are an interesting conbination of the songs from the albums they did before . The songs has the basic things from the first record , and the elegancy and sofistication of `` What the story morning glory '' as well , you will hear more details in these one.These is the band of the 90 's ... and they will be the band of the 2000 's of course , so buy it now . Noel is a tired and true music god .
 Modern , LOUD , infectious , musical , satisfying . Beatleque with a touch of Rolling Stones . Great music infused with a unique lyrical approach . They are legends in their own minds , and rightly so !
 well from my mind ... i think this is the best cd of oasis because it bonds some hard rock with alternative and besides this cd makes think a lot with the fine lyric ... from stand by me and all around the world....-in few words ... the best oasis cd ever
 This , Oasis ' third album , will forever raise the bar to which records are judged . `` Be Here Now '' exhibits a new found maturity that was lacking in the past two albums . Every track is massive . From the heart pounding `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' , through the psychedelic `` All Around The World '' , and culminating in the feel-good `` It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- '' , `` Be Here Now '' will twist your mind in knots trying to remember every moment of every song . `` Be Here Know '' is only paralleled by the likes of Oasis ' other two albums .
 Oasis really has become a strong group in the past few years . Their unique singing voices will catch anyone 's attention . `` Stand By Me '' and `` Do you know what I mean '' are 2 fine songs . If you 're an oasis fan or just interested in hearing them this is a great cd to get . Oasis # 1
 If you want the best Oasis for the Oasis sound , purchase `` Definately Maybe '' or `` The Masterplan . '' If you want a great album of a different sound , buy `` Be Here Now . '' The band was on its best behavior and performance , taking the time to make 12 quality tracks.Some of the top tracks , `` D'You Know What I Mean , '' `` Fade In/Out '' `` Magic Pie '' and `` All Around the World . '' I hope that on their next album , Noel takes the time to sing lead on a few more songs . I have yet to hear a bad Oasis song with him singing lead .
 This a superb album with great lyrics and crisp music . It features some very catchy songs and great vocals . Oasis is a great band and deserves alot of attention . The CD is very long , but is definitely worth it .
 THIS ALBUM IS MUCH BETTER THAN THE PAST ONES . THIS IS REALLY A GREAT ALBUM . AS A FAN OF THE ALTERNATIVE I COLLECT ALL SORTS OF OTHER GROUPS BUT I MUST SAY THAT THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM !!!!!! GOOD LUCK TO THESE GUYS AND ENJOY LISTENING !!!!!
 The sound that is not like the two tracks before is great . This CD rules !!!
 Be Here Now is a mindset , or a way of living . Rock 'n Roll is about Being Here Now . Living in the moment , stream of consciousness . And much like a stream of consciousness we find `` Be Here Now '' moves from thought to thought without any clear indication of change or direction . Many good ideas abound . Dare I say brilliant ideas ? But few tracks stand out and take on the individuality developed by the songs on `` What 's the Story Morning Glory ? '' If `` What 's the Story Morning Glory ? '' is a get-together with a few close friends , then `` Be Here Now '' is hanging out in Times Square on New Years Eve . A great time , but do n't expect to really get to know anybody . `` Be Here Now '' is winding on through an endless crowd of sound , past a hundred corners populated with guitars , violins , brass , drums , and even air planes . As the discerning listener looks out over an ocean of sound he catches a glimpse of a ripple just in time to see it vanish and yet a new ripple appear upon each playing . If you have not yet been introduced to Oasis , do not expect to meet them here now . This is a big party and they 're busy putting on a show . A good show , but still a show . If you 'd like to meet them and here them talk to YOU , put on `` What 's the Story Morning Glory ? '' . `` Be Here Now '' is not for you , or for me , it 's for the world .
 Why do Yankees always put Oasis down eh ? They are the Greatest band ever . I live in the same City as they did and I 'm listening to their music 24/7 People just get jealous of their success . If anyone agrees or disagrees e-mail me instantly !!!!
 This album is great from Oasis but maybe not that great than the other albums . This album has a massive sound of rock n roll with all the guitars and electric sounds . And the songs are quite long . I would say that this album is a sort of rock n roll clishe album . Propably my favorite song from this album is It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man ! -RRB- because it has got a massive sound and a good old-fashion rock n roll feeling . It sounds good . There are also good songs like D' You Know What I Mean ? Be Here Now and The Girl In The dirty Shirt . Mad fer it !
 The albumis brill I love every song one of the best buys ever DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN ! I also would like to wish Liam good luck with the baby MY BIG MOUTH ! See YaTEBB
 Really they have their unique music style ! especially ! Do n't go away have become one of my favorite song . when I listen to that song , I feel dropped in the water .
 OK , maybe 4-1/2 . My taste in rock music is truly flawless . I really think this album is beneath my usual high standards . Problem is , it 's so damn good I ca n't stop listening to it .
 GOOD BUT NOT THE BES
 Be Here now is the best cd ever made . This cd exploits Oasis 's musical talent to the fullest with tracks like '' D' You Know What I Mean '' and `` All Around The World '' . Every song on this cd could be in the # 1 spot on Billboard . Noel Gallagher 's musical mastery is shown in the combination of orchestra and rock in `` All Around The World '' and `` All Around The World -LRB- Reprise -RRB- '' . This cd is a must for all oasis and Beatles fans .
 This is one of my favorite CD 's . Noel Gallagher knows how to write a song , and Liam 's sexy voice brings them to life . Tracks 1-6 , and 8 are the only tunes I listen to , however . Be Here Now is not one of those rare CD 's you can listen to without skipping around . But , the songs I like do n't get tired . If you want a hard-rocking version of The Beetles , buy this CD . If you want sensless lyrics with synthisized beats , check out The Backstreet Boys like everyone else .
 Even though stuff on both Morning Glory and Definitely Maybe had edge on it , nothing carried the edge that Be Here Now had . It was a great CD . `` D'ya Know What I Mean ? '' was a fantastic entrance and it definitely set the mood for the rest of the album . `` My Big Mouth '' was a rush of excitement and beautiful melodies and `` Stand By Me '' was much the same but mroe mellow . `` Do n't Go Away '' was SO beautiful . The album ended well with the last two songs and the great reprise of `` All Around the World '' . Definitely worth your money .
 This album deserves 4 stars.Of course it came right after Whats the story morning glory , which made Oasis the biggest and best band in the world.But this really caused a stir , as it was expected to be so much more.In no way is this a classic album , but musically it very good and quite loud.Their is a huge wall of guitars behind the louder songs such as `` D'youknow what I mean '' `` My Big Mouth '' `` Be Here Now '' and the `` Fade In Out '' . Noel gallaghar blamed his cocaine habit for the failure and dissapointment that this album created , but really its not a bad album at all .
 Its been called $ % # % by many and is certainly not a classic , but its a great album all the same and no one can deny that.A huge wall of guitars and cocaine wrote this album `` as Noel Gallaghar said . '' Well the cocaine part anyhow .
 What a # $ % $ # awesome album.Noel Gallaghar -LRB- songwriter -RRB- claims that this album is absolute rubbish , and many others but really its only because its not an album thats an absolute classic.Actually I 'm glad they released this album `` Be Here Now '' cause its just damn cool.Each song has a massive wall of sound of guitars and and the majority of them all are very long , and theres nothing wrong with something different.Heak , its better than `` Standing on the Shoulder of Giants '' and `` Heathen Chemistry . ''
 It 's all well and good to be a Brit-pop band known for 4-minute radio songs , but that 's not the way to challenge for the title of `` Greatest rock and roll band in the world '' . Oasis 's 1997 record Be Here Now was nearly as long as their first two albums COMBINED - despite only 12 tracks . The reason is a total abandonment of the pop sound for a sudden tendency - and talent - for rock epics , littered with noisy guitar solos , pounding drum-fills , and lighters-in-the-air hooks . The lead single , `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' , clocks in at over 7 minutes . So do about half of the other tracks . Sometimes , the songs do n't really go anywhere , and become annoying - like `` Magic Pie '' . More often , however , Be Here Now is stunning , absorbing , enchanting , and powerful . `` Fade In/Out '' , `` Do n't Go Away '' , and `` All Around the World '' are representative of that . Even when the songs are on the short side , the band rocks harder than they had before or have since , like `` I Hope I Think I Know . `` Thanks to some of the songs off Be Here Now , Oasis became one of the best live acts of the late 1990 's . This is one studio album that actually captures that feel
 It 's true that Noel himself dispises this album , but he really should not . With Oasis preparing to release a new record in May 2005 , I thought I 'd a review of my favorite Oasis record . Be Here Now is a totally different sound featuring layers upon layers of guitars and plenty of long-running loud sounds . It also has some of the sweetest melodies the band has ever put out , such has `` It 's getting better , man ! '' and `` I hope I think I know . '' The only part of this album that I do n't love -LRB- as in , I only LIKE -RRB- is the two-part `` All Around the World . '' Making it go on for almost 12 minutes on two tracks is totally unnecessary . But that 's really my only complaint ... maybe the fact that the record is lacking a little in bass . Other tracks such as `` My Big Mouth '' and `` D'yer know what I mean '' are flat-out rockers that show us a new side of Oasis . Each track tends to play like `` Champange Supernova '' and its epic-feel . Jam-packed with Beatles referenes and masterpiece after masterpiece of epic songs , I encourage all doubtful Oasis fans to give this album another listen -LRB- through good headphones -RRB- and hopefully you 'll realize it 's beauty .
 In its own right this album is a 5 star rating.It may not be brilliant like their first two albums , but in its own way it is brilliant.Its very long and very loud and just a completely different sounding album to there first two albums .
 I ca n't belive how much bad press this album get 's . It 's not a classic like Morning glory or def maybe but it has some really great songs . Too bad about Fade in-out and Do n't go away , the 2 worst songs on the album .
 Do n't believe the backlash , and believe the hype , Be Here Now is monumental . Seventy-three minutes of musical marathon is exactly what the Gallagher Bros. wanted to do after reaching the pinnacle of popularity with Morning Glory . Oasis still has a huge cult following and the true Oasis fans know they are the best rock band of this generation . Be Here Now is massive , plain and simple , and the songs take you through a roller-coaster ride . The opener `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' sets the tone and the rest of the album feeds off its strength . The hard rockers , `` My Big Mouth '' , `` I Hope , I Think , I Know '' , `` Be Here Now '' , and `` It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- '' , are spaced out throughout the album to provide an up-down tempo pattern . The mid-tempo rockers include Noel sung `` Magic Pie '' , `` Fade In-Out '' with Mr. Johnny Depp on slide guitar , and `` All Around the World '' , the latter of which is nine minutes and twenty seconds long and one of the most ambitious songs to date . Then there are the ballads `` Stand By Me '' , `` The Girl In the Dirty Shirt '' , and `` Do n't Go Away '' , all three are great , the hook in `` Dirty Shirt '' is amazing and infectious . The other track is the final track on the album , `` All Around the World Instrumental '' that ends with Noel 's footsteps walking down a hall , and ending with him slamming a door shut , very symbolic as it was the end of an era for Oasis , as they entered into a more grown-up and musically talented stage . Any way anyone looks at it , Be Here Now is a phenomenal album , and Oasis living the rock and roll dream at the peak of their popularity . Any music lover will appreciate it 's grandness .
 Coming off the success of Definitely Maybe and What 's the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- ? , Oasis had a lot to live up to . Be Here Now -LRB- 1997 -RRB- does n't match the panache of the group 's debut album , nor does it capture the complete glory of their sophomore effort . However , to malign Be Here Now as an overblown piece of garbage would hardly be doing justice to an album that offers an outstanding mixture of good-time rock 'n roll and orchestra-laden ballads . Few of Noel Gallagher 's songs match the heartbreak of `` Do n't Go Away , '' the love of `` Stand By Me , '' or the heights of `` All Around The World . '' While some of the album 's tracks can rightly be dismissed as self-indulgent throw-aways -LRB- `` Fade In-Out '' and `` My Big Mouth '' come to mind -RRB- , it would be rash to dismiss the entire album . Remember , hard rockers like the title track and `` D'You Know What I Mean ? '' remind us why Alan White replaced Tony McCarroll 's wind-up drumming . Though it 's likely not an album that anyone but fans would immediately warm up to , there are enough shining moments on Be Here Now to remind us why Oasis is the best thing to come out of Great Britain in a very long time .
 Be here now , although highly criticized , even by band members themselves is not an album to be scoffed at . Every song is full of thoughtful and insighful lyrics , enchanting melodies , instrumentation and effects.The three `` Power Ballads '' are enough to move anyone . -LRB- Stand by Me , Do n't go Away , and All Around the World -RRB- All three are amazing . Stand by me and Do n't go Away are a bit sad , yet also sweet . All around the World is empowering , and it 's length is easily justified . `` The girl in the Dirty Shirt '' is sweet and uplifting . It has a moderate tempo , and the message is simple , and kind . Its ending is fun musically.Even `` Magic Pie '' and `` Fade In-Out '' Which many people seem to think are in-cohesive and just plain odd are actually terrific songs . I liked them on the first listen , but I have found that if you do n't like a certain Oasis song you will if you listen to it a few times.That was the case with `` My Big Mouth '' and `` It 's Getting Better Man ! '' . Although they were n't my favorites the first time through , I would n't dare skip them now . `` Be here Now '' is fun and up-beat , as is `` I hope I think I know '' , and should be liked by those let down by long ballads . `` D'you Know what I mean ? '' has a western feel and is by all means danceable . While there is no big philosophical revelation in the chorus , listen to the lyrics in the bridge.Many People say `` Be Here Now '' was a let down because of the greatness of Morning Glory , but I think both have a lot to offer . While Morning Glory contained more `` Beatle-esque '' pop-rock tunes , Be Here now seems more Intro-spective and personal.Noel himself states that at least three of the songs on morning glory have no meaning at all , which is n't necessarily a bad thing , its just different from BHN , in which it is easy to find meaning in most of the songs.Once again the boys of Oasis have created a musical and Lyrical masterpiece , no matter what anyone says . The wide variety of tunes , ranging from the epic `` All around the World '' freaturing multiple layers of every intrument imaginable , to the hard rocking `` My Big Mouth '' is amazing.Excuses should not be made not to buy this record . It is superb , and will be enjoyed by all fans of rock 'n' roll , and amazing songwriting . It 's not just one for the die-hard fans , as many reviewers note . This is an album for the masses !
 The instant Be Here Now hit the headphones of the critics it was written off . The hype surrounding Be Here Now was incredible , and therefore people expected ` Supersonic ' and ` Wonderwall ' repeated , and Oasis did n't give it to them . But Be Here Now is in fact a stunning mix of light Rock and majestic , soaring epics . 'D ` You Know What I Mean ? ' kicks off the album with distroted chords and catchy rock riffs with depth in the lyrics that is often overlooked on first listen . The album reaches the depth only achieved previously with ` Wonderwall ' and ` Cast No Shadow ' with ` Stand By Me ' and ` Do n't Go Away ' , both of which show Liam 's softer vocal skills . ' I Hope , I Think , I Know ' and ` My Big Miuth ' are both fast-paced , catchy little ditties and ` Fade In/Out ' catches the listener with a sudden contrast to it 's first few minutes with Slide Guitar and hard vocals . ` Magic Pie ' , though not one of Oasis ' greatest tunes , which , unfotunately , does not highlight Noel 's singing ability well , does have some beautiful touches in both the lyrics and guitar . Though ` Be Here Now ' and the reprisal of ` All Around the World ' are both rather weak -LRB- However I do n't think the Reprisal was meant to be the greatest musical piece Noel 's ever written -RRB- the end of the album is truly where it shines . ` It 's Gettin ' Better -LRB- Man ! -RRB- ' is a racous yet soaring seven minutes of musical glory with an incredible minute-long guitar riff at the five minute mark and some of Liam 's greatest ever singing ; he mixes his trademark sneering with some tone and note changes never before seen in him . Finally , ` All Around The World ' ; a 9-minute epic of a tune , indescribable to mere words and possibly my favourite ever Oasis song ; the ` Champagne Supernova ' of Be Here Now . If you like Oasis , in fact , if you like Alterntive music at all , you must get this album .
 I do n't understand why critics , fans , and even Oasis think this was a failure . It 's easily their heaviest album through SOTSOG , and it has lyrics that are maybe the band 's best . Sure , some of the songs sound distorted amidst the heavy guitar feedback , but the chourses in `` Stand By Me , '' `` D'You Know What I Mean ? , '' and `` I Think , I Hope , I Know '' still shine through . BE HERE NOW even has some experimentation in songs like the countryish `` Fade In-Out '' that most of their other releases do n't have . The Noel sung `` Magic Pie '' and the self-absorbed `` All Around The World '' are the only two songs that I skip over . The rest are simply Oasis playing good rock and roll with guitars roaring right behind them . Similar to the Smashing Pumpkins ' ADORE , BE HERE NOW is one of this band 's greatest accomplishments that basically was overlooked by fairweather `` Wonderwall '' fans and critics .
 Take my advice and just ignore all those bad reviews . This is one of the best cd 's I have ever heard . I can remember listening to it the night I bought it . I did n't really know what to expect . But as soon as I heard the first song , `` D'You Know What I Mean '' I instantly fell in love with it . Every song was great . It 's pretty rare to find a cd that you can play from start to finish the first time you pop it into your stereo . Oasis is by far the best band around today . And please quit trying to compare them to the Beatles . They have a completely different sound than the Beatles . And to all those people who say that their lyrics are shallow and meaningless I say this
 It 's a hell of a bold statement for unofficial leader , and songwriter Noel Gallagher to say that `` This is the end of a musical trilogy '' since Oasis has only produced three albums . But insert cd press play , and you wish a bit it still went on ... Be Here Now , provisionaly titled is an aural version of a big buffet - that is , it is packed chock-a-block with delights , beauties , gems , such works of genius that you ca n't help not having more . With the looming plane announcing the start of a 75 minute + musical epic , you know you are on for a treat.It is hard not to be caught on by the affectious , sometimes loud , sometimes anthemic , but generally pleasurely high magic that Brother Noel creates . Combined with little Brother Liam with vocals , life is given to tunes which define white boy rock , adds another dimension to it , and creates a new genre , called `` Oasis '' . Highlights are undefined , as the whole cd is one highlight in itself . It is a bit sad to see Oasis heading for a new type of sound , but sit back , and enjoy . You will enjoy for sure .
 By far the best Oasis has compiled . A mix of some of their older stuff , with a bit of a softer feel also . Be Here Now has some songs with fun lyrics like Girl In a Dirty Shirt , and Be Here Now , but also has some more meaningful words in Stand By Me and I Hope I Think I Know . The rythim in this cd is great and certainly is a must for every fan . A fine combination of Oasis at their best !
 Not that it 's bad - it 's very good , but it does n't stand out on it 's own as a memorable record for Oasis . It seems more like a continuation of `` What 's the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- '' ... so if you liked that album , or Oasis in general , then this is perfect for you ! The album delivers good songs such as `` Be Here Now '' and `` All Around the World '' , but they just do n't stand up to Oasis ' potential for a third album . The music does n't seem to have matured much , and perhaps they hit a creative plateau , either way it 's good , but still more of the same .
 Generally excellent collection of songs , with occasional over-indulgence -LRB- e.g. Magic Pie -RRB- . Contains standard rock 'n' roll classics such as Stand By Me and All Around The World and features some grossley underrated gems -LRB- Be Here Now , It 's Gettin ' Better Man ! -RRB- . Probably their least inspired album , but hey it 's still better than 90 % of the music out there .
 This album should have been great . It should have been the best album of the 1990s . However , the band does n't seem nearly as motivated and hungry as before . Some songs are just too long , too familiar and too boring . But , songs like `` D'You Know what I mean '' and `` Fade In/Out '' among others are well done songs that feature Oasis trying to alter their musical style -LRB- albeit not by too much -RRB- . Bottom line
 You can have fun listening to this wonderful album or you can be at work while listening to this and still get alot out of it . Its fun and relaxing and you will want to listen to it over and over again !
 This album has never been given a chance . True , some of the songs are overly long and over produced , but if you get past that obstacle and actually listen to the material , you may find a real gem .
 This album is wonderful . Every song is great . `` All Around the World '' and `` D'you know what I mean '' are particularly good . I 'm a huge Oasis fan , and I consider this album to be one of their best . There is one drawback to the album , though
 This is one of the best albums to come out of england in the last ten years . it uses deep , bassy sounds brilliantly with the electric guitars and liam sounds really cool . it 's nowhere near the other two albums or most of their b-sides , and it gets boring after a while , but it 's still really good .
 Oasis have struck a fine chord in this album , in an inevitably general context.While the album may not have individual song highlights of the same quality compared to the first two , the album succeeds by being more constantly listenable in that it convinces the listener to pay more attention to each of the tracks , hence being more ably satisfying.While the lyrics may not mean much , the sheer improvement & maturity of noel 's songwriting comes timelessly through in parts like the sweepingly searing instrumental of `` magic pie '' & `` all around the world '' as a whole , which may be his finest moment yet.Though the band 's sound may still have its surfacial raw shallowness , the implications on the output of this album may serve as a well finding blueprint for better things to come if they can pull it .
 I 'm familiar with this package . The previous reviewer is incorrect in the assertion that these are not the real singers . Often , singers like Donna Fargo , Johnny Paycheck , Porter Wagoner Faron Young , Ferlin Husky ... . re-record versions of their hit records for any number of reasons . Recordings such as these were used on this collection . Whether the quality of the newer versions is equal to/better/worse than the originals is purely a matter of personal taste . But , it is important to know that the label is not trying to rip anyone off by misrepresenting the actual artists who participated in these sessions .
 I have always liked Tesla and I bought this album to listen to the acoustic recordings . The best is catching them live !
 If you 've never heard this album , you have no idea what you are missing . Tesla was a band from the 80 's that was unfairly lumped into the `` hair band '' genre . On `` Five Man Acoustical Jam '' They took their heavy , often high speed , electric sound and tuned it down for a live acoustic show . With a mix of acoustic versions of their own material , such as their power ballad hit `` Love Song '' , and covers that include The Beatles , The Stones , The Grateful Dead and CCR , this album totally rocks from start to finish . One of the high points and one of their best-known hits is their cover of `` Signs '' . It 's commercial success was the inspiration behind MTV 's entire `` Unplugged '' series . If you like hard rock and have never just taken a chance on an album , this is the classic album to do that with .
 One of tesla 's best albums , every track is great , especially with the awesome SHM . Must have for any CD collection , but do n't pay these ridiculous over-inflated rip off prices . I purchased mine from The Music Specialist on E Bay , save yourself a ton of cash !
 The secret to penning a truly good romantic ballad and not just some sappy , overcooked piece of cheese is to lace the song with regret and pain - you know , things that actually happen in life and in relationships . Billy Joel has always understood this . Even his most overplayed ballads -LRB- with the possible exception of `` Just the Way You Are , '' which is has admittedly lapsed into clich&eacute; -RRB- like `` Always A Woman , '' `` All About Soul , '' and `` She 's Got A Way '' include lyrics that portray either the singer or the woman as someone who is other than perfect , often down-right unpleasant , but is saved by the other or their love for them - but almost always for being loved by them . `` All My Life '' is no exception , and that it is the first song Billy has written lyrics to and recorded in nearly a decade and a half , makes it notable , special and means this woman must be a doozy . The woman , of course , is Joel 's wife Katey , for whom he penned this ballad back in 2005 as a Valentine . Let 's just say , as Valentine 's gifts go , if all us guys could crank out lyrics like this for our women we 'd be melting many a hearts and our night lives would be far more eventful and exciting.Joel 's biggest asset has always been his writing and it does n't fail him here , but his words are backed by a beautiful orchestral band , his still deft ivory tickling , and his ageless voice that can turn from being as gruff and forceful as Springsteen to as smooth and silky as Elton on a dime . Here he embraces his inner Sinatra , but this is not some hack throwback ala a certain other classic rocker 's recent stab at such things.So he can still play , write and sing . And currently he 's spent the last year and a half touring his brains out to adoring , sellout crowds and rave reviews saying he 's as great an entertainer as he ever was . So why do n't we hear more from Billy Joel ? He has n't done an album of new rock material since 1993 's `` River of Dreams . '' That album would be a fine note to go out on if must , but I 'm hoping this song will galvanize him into remembering just what it was he loved so much about writing and recording new music.Only time will tell , but here 's to hoping we do n't have to wait all our lives to find out . ** As a B-Side this single includes a live version of another ballad , `` You 're My Home , '' which is originally from 1973 's `` Piano Man '' album . That song still holds up . This version was recorded during his current tour last year and was released as a bonus download along with a live `` Sleeping with the Television On '' to those who purchased his recent live album `` 12 Gardens Live '' from Sony on-line . *** One side note
 When I purchased this cd I did not know what to expect . I have been a Billy Joel fan for my whole life . I was very surprised during the first listen . Even though it sounded something like Frank Sinatra would write it still has the Billy Joel feel . Both with the music and timing . As this fan grows older this is a welcome sound . I hope there is more to come . Joseph Leonardi
 Billy Joel briefly returned to pop/rock songwriting after retiring from the genre in 1993 with ALL MY LIFE . I just read about this recently in People Weekly magazine and I 'm sure he has a new pop/rock album in the works now . Based on other reviews I read , I 'd believe that AML is a beautiful soft rock piece coupled with the previously released originally on 1973 's PIANO MAN , YOU 'RE MY HOME . Joel 's fans were let down by his plan to convert from pop/rock to classical music . They heard rumors about Joel never performing , recording or touring again . However , for the sake of his fans , Joel never completely turned away from pop/rock , having giving concerts consisting of his pop/rock compositions . Not too long ago , he recorded his 2000 YEARS-THE MILLENIUM CONCERT album -LRB- New Year 's Eve 1999-New Year 's Day 2000 , to be exact -RRB- and admitted that his classical compostions were n't much different than the pop/rock ones that his fans know and love . 2000 YEARS was the last show of the tour that began in January 1998 -LRB- Billy then promoted GREATEST HITS VOLUME 3 -RRB- . Billy also did 12 sold-out shows at his regular New York City venue , Madison Square Garden between late 2005 and early 2006 that resulted in the recording of the double CD ,12 GARDENS LIVE -LRB- he then promoted the multi-disc MY LIVES -RRB- . Billy recorded 2000 YEARS at MSG as well . Billy wrote ALM for his third and current wife Katie -LRB- the couple wed in October 2004 -RRB- .
 I am glad to have come across this wonderful cd of Happy remixes by Square Heads because I really found time to look for it in Amazon . I first heard the radio version of this song in a compilation album and instantly loved the song . When I saw that there were remixes , I checked my credit and immediately purchased it . All remixes of Happy are fantastic . I am proud to add this cd to my vast cd collection ! I am also looking for a remix cd of Side by Side by Love Bites so if there is anyone there who has a remix cd , please let me know . Thanks !
 Jiggle 's last studio album , `` In It Again '' is a totally different animal than this new live disc . The studio album concentrates on the songs , whereas `` Live at the Stone Coast Brewery '' is all about the jam and great improvisation . Each song packs a punch . There is great guitar and organ work throughout the album , backed by a grooving and very solid rhythm section . Highlights include a great extended vocal jam , too . Overall , this album is a must have for lovers of jam-rock , improvisation , or just all around fun music !
 You only have to see the Jigglers at the live shows to understand what appeal this band has not only in Boston , but all over the country . Jiggle The Handle '' is respected by musicians and fans alike , and their jamming is legendary . This album recorded live at The Stone Coast Brewery is a great follow up to `` Mrs. White 's Party '' , `` Three Sets '' and `` In It Again '' .
 This is a fairly good import of the erotica single . It features a couple good remixes but I recommend the other Erotica maxi-single listed instead .
 I love this album , even if it is a compliment to my Will Oldham collection . I have not tired of it at all and I bought it 2 summers ago . I live in upstate NY country and I love chilling out at home to this album . It is nice ambience . I would bet that nobody could really truly hate this album so for anyone who isnt into W.Oldham , they may still dig Ned 's album . buy it -
 well , if you like MTV and you can not go a week without looking at bright clothing , and your biggest fear is having to spend time in the country , you will not want to listen to this album . If you have any idea what it means to listen to music with a purpose , even if that purpose is not readily explainable , you should like this stuff . I like Will oldham so that may have alot to do with my appreciation of this album and anything that sounds like this . Maybe ?
 The list of amazing bands signed on with Thorp Records keeps increasing with each passing month . In the past two years alone they have brought to you , the listener , bands like SCARS OF TOMORROW , MADBALL , BLOOD FOR BLOOD , THE NORTH SIDE KINGS , FOREVER IS FORGOTTEN -LRB- re-issue -RRB- , HOW IT ENDS , PUNISHMENT , and now GONE WITHOUT TRACE from Orange County , CA . These are only a handful of an already impressive roster of metalcore styled bands . You can add GONE WITHOUT TRACE to that list as another extraordinary band with an incensed temperament and the heartiness of a caged lion . They employ some of the most dizzying , thickened breakdowns , red-hot searing vocals and an unblemished coordination of rhythms . This aurally abusive affair does not concede or diminish in intensity at any point throughout the record . What 's impressive about such a record is that you are n't battered for the sake of being beaten because of how technically astute the development of the songs are . You can follow along in their path of destruction without feelings of it being excessive or too weighty . The ability to master such a task of symmetry on both the aggressive and accuracy front is something many have tried their hand at but inevitably failed . Conquering an impediment such as that in their produced CD leaves them with the one aspect of their music to be judged-a live show . If they play live nearly as well as their CD sounds , then there is nothing but success ahead of them in the future . If your list of `` need-to-have '' CD 'S for 2004 does n't include GONE WITHOUT TRACE then it 's time to add it to the list -LRB- and put it on the top -RRB- .
 This compilation recording was put together by EMI and is a great tribute to the great soprano Montserrat Caball&eacute; , of whom I am a huge fan . Many of the recordings included here are some of her finest , so any fan of hers owes it to him/herself to buy this compilation . I am certainly glad I did.All the Puccini selections come from Caball&eacute; 's 1970 recital of Puccini arias . All of the Verdi selections come from Caball&eacute; 's 1971 recital of Verdi arias . The other selections come from other recitals and from complete opera recordings.Both arias from `` La Boh&egrave;me '' are very well-sung . The inclusion of Imogene 's Mad Scene from `` Il Pirata '' was a wise choice . It 's too bad that the fiery cabaletta was left out . This version of Caball&eacute; 's Mad Scene is more dramatic than the one included on her `` Montserrat Caball&eacute; Sings Bellini and Donizetti '' disc . It is a tad less tonally resplendent , but quite a bit more exciting.The two soprano arias from `` Ada '' are ravishingly sung . As good as the versions of these two arias are , the two versions of the arias in her complete recording of `` Ada '' are even better . In this version of `` O patria mia '' , Caball&eacute; 's pianissimo high C is gorgeous , but in her `` O patria mia '' from her `` Ada '' recording , the pianissimo high C is sublime and held for a surprisingly long time.Cio-cio San 's `` Un bel d&igrave; '' features breathtakingly beautiful singing from Caball&eacute; . Caball&eacute; seems like she was in a trance when she recorded that aria . The tempo for the aria is quite slow . Her powerful spinto voice has more than enough power to cut through Puccini 's dense orchestration and loud climaxes . Butterfly 's Death Scene displays Caball&eacute; 's powerful high notes . `` L'altra notte in fondo al mare '' shows Caball&eacute; in alert dramatic form . This aria probably contains the best trills that Caball&eacute; ever committed to disc . Now , Caball&eacute; never had a genuine trill . Her trill was almost always a weak fluttering between two pitches . But in this version of `` L'altra notte in fondo al mare '' , you can actually hear the two distinct pitches of each trill . Notice Caball&eacute; 's extraordinary breath control while singing the florid parts of the aria.The version of `` Vissi d'arte '' included here is , in my opinion , the third best that Caball&eacute; recorded . Her best recording of the aria is her 1964 recording with Gian Franco Masini , which can be found on the compilation `` Montserrat Caball&eacute;
 This is a sensational collection of Montserrat Caballe 's enormous repitore.I love this 2cd set the cover art is beautiful and pleasing to the eye.This set possesses many of her best early recordings remastered in stunning sound.This set is made in europe and has a much warmer and natural sound than many like cds made in the USA.This cd is already out of print in the us stores , but you can still get it here at amazon before it dissappears.This set has her singing Verdi , puccini , bellini , french & spanish arias , and other composers to.Her beauty of tone , breath control , emotion , and regal grander is simply amazing.Not to mention the most incredible pinissimos ever floated from a human throat.No other soprano ever had a voice of such purity and spellbinding beauty.If you own just one cd by an operatic soprano , you must have a Caballe cd , do n't short change yourself .
 Bought this for my dad as a birthday gift and sent it to him . He has not received it yet , but I an sure he will love it .
 My stepfather adored big band music . When he recently passed away , my mother wanted to play his collection of WWII-era music at his memorial service , but everything he had was on cassette . We pored over the available compilations and settled on this one , which turned out to be a wonderful choice . The songs are performed by the original artists , the sound quality is excellent , and the selection contained quite a number of my stepfather 's favorite songs and made my mother very happy . Some of the collections out there contain quite a few tracks that have been re-recorded by unknown artists , or padded with obscure or down-tempo songs . Every track on this compilation is strong , plus it 's less expensive than many others . We were quite pleased with our choice .
 After hearing a band that specialized in Big Band music , I wanted a CD that I could listen to in the car . I love this CD . The selection is very good and I listen to it often .
 I used to listen to this music when I was younger & my Day Care children just go crazy with dancing and listening to this CD . I can also teach them some Swing Dance . It is so funny to watch them dance and try to dance to this CD .
 I bought this for a Murder Mystery my library ran as an introduction to our library and collection . It was really great background music .
 Not necessarily the best collection of Big Band music , but a very nice assortment . It 's a good introduction , well worth several listens .
 I love this CD with so many songs that bring back my wonderful memories when i was so much younger .
 I like the selection on this album . It is a good variety for introducing people to Big Bands . I would recommend it to anyone just starting listen to swing .
 I bought this for my mom , she really enjoyed the old tunes . The seller delivered as promised .
 Mad props to Ray Munns for recognizing the talent of DJ VIRO and the whole JBDJ crew . The track by CEO is awesome , and DJ VIRO 's No Tears remix is off the chain . The rest of the traks are outstanding , all dance/techno fans need to cop this .
 Sounds a little cheesy but really my friends and I wore this CD out so many times . It 's actually really good .
 I recommend this cd for trance lovers all tracks jam this is a must keeper ! Im waiting for the next one
 I bought this at the dollar store because it had a full 17 tracks , and one of them had to be good , and if not I lose oh well I lose a dollar . Even past that , I thought it would 've made a great joke present to someone . I will never give this cd away . Once a year I buy 60 $ imported trance cd 's from Europe or Australia , and this cd easily contends with them . It 's a hair less professional but literally every song is good past the first one . This guy just picks awesome songs . From this cd you 'll get more hits than 4 Oakenfold cd 's and a tough round with Mohammad Ali on crack . I can not believe how good this cd is and I hope Ray Munns becomes the richest man in the universe .
 I was really skeptical of this cd , because I did n't think he could top his last cd , but once again , Ray Munns puts out an AMAZING cd for fans of trance and house . This is by far a cd you need in your collection . Both of his cd 's are top-notch !
 I will give him that . I was so impressed that he recognized DJ Viro by selecting 2 of his songs . This Kid is an amazing DJ and producer for only being 17 . Thats right 17 . The original CEO track and the No Tears remix are just a small sample of his talents . Great Job Ray !!!
 2 songs on Ray 's CD were written and produced by one of the hottest young talents in the industry . The tonights so right remix is by far better than the original and his production on CEO `` How you Feel '' not `` How do you Feel ? '' is absolutely amazing . The other selections were a nice touch which really set this record apart from his last . I like the growth .
 This CD ROCKS ! I got it because I bought Rays first CD Rays House but A DJS NIGHT OUT is SOoooooo Much Better . Ray 's mixing is really good and the tracks are dope . My favorite songs are 4 Strings Take Me Away and 666 Supa Dupa Fly . Keep it up Ray !!!!
 This is a must have for any salsa lover who is crazy about Gilbertito -LRB- el caballero de la salsa -RRB- . The songs and his voice are just as memorable and greatly addicting .
 This CD is worth owning just on the merits of the artwork ; but do n't worry , the Feederz rock in a very unexpected way , too . I have never heard of a punk band who was more the `` real deal '' than these guys . At an early concert , lead singer/guitarist Frank Discussion opened fire on the crowd with an AR-47 filled with blanks , sending kids scrambling for the exits and hitting the floor . The Feederz paint a surreal picture of the ridiculous aspects of our culture and politics , utilizing well-placed film dialogue to drive the point home . Why is this perhaps the greatest punk band around ? Because , truly , all involved should , by rights , be locked away in a prison or an asylum ... for speaking the truth a bit too loudly and not being afraid to live the anarchy . A collector 's item through and through . With a picture of the Challenger blowing up adorning the cover , how could you go wrong ? Buy this . Let it enrage you , depress you , and ultimately , inspire you .
 The Feederz has to be one of the most interesting bands to grace the punk rock world . Too weird for even the fans and bands that travelled in the same circuits , they p -- ed off everyone as the rather grainy but classic video footage of their most infamous concert so eloquently portrays . You never hear much about the drummer and apparently fellow artist , Jayed Scotti , who was probably the primary influence for the artistic -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- merits of the album . The dead cat actually hits him in the head and he continues to play without missing a beat . Buy it .
 Extra quick shipment ! CD 's as advertised . Would recommend this ebayer . We will have some very happy people at Christmas this year .
 i 've been a fan of Pete Seeger for 50 or more years . I very much enjoyed this CD and have had fun introducing Pete to my hubby . I really enjoy listening to it . tyvm Marsha
 I wanted to explore His Work having heard alot about Him.I liked `` We Shall Overcome '' from Him but the Main Song I wanted to hear was `` Where have all the FLowers Gone '' ? Being a Huge Earth , Wind & Fire Fan I had to hear the Original & His Version is nice.I like His Arrangements & Overall Concepts to Music Making.a really Good Set .
 If you are willing to try just 1 CD of Pete Seeger to get an idea about his music , listen to this . It has almost all his hits.I especially loved - GuantanameraLittle Boxes , Where have all the flowers gone , We shall overcome
 This CD is just a mostly live 60 's Pete Seeger data point , and I 'm sure not his best singing or playing is represented . But Pete 's genuineness and affection for the human condition is ever-present . In terms of production values , I enjoy less the pre - / post-song applause and enjoy more his commentary and unique speaking voice . Personally , applause in the soundtrack does n't make the music be more alive to me ; it just interjects 5-15 seconds of loud static . I also lose focus when the audience sings along in a recording , even a folk recording , but I do like it when the artist tells an inside joke or anecdote and the audience chuckles . I like to hear children exclaim . Having raised several children , our family has in one place or another a couple of Seeger LPs targeted to children and adolescents -- in horrendously scratchy overly-loved condition , completely eaten up with love as it were . While acknowledging the inwardly private and family identity of a touring musician , with its built-in conflict to the need for physical presence and daily normalcy to ones most needful , in Seeger 's outward face I see inspiring self-actualization and a recognition of a greater thing , powered not by ambition but by honesty , gentleness , endurance , belief that each man is an ordinary man , and a twinkling eye . Pete Seeker is a buoy and a beacon , a minstrel who makes children happy and strong and a revolutionary who reminds us of our personal and political reason to exist .
 For years I 've been listening to other people recording songs that Pete has been doing for years . To hear him doing the originals again , and knowing the efforts he put into doing good for this country is - well - good for the soul . His voice is true and flexible , and the music just plain makes you feel young again .
 Pete Seegar 's Greatest hits.Very good . Brings back many memories of earlier days . If you have joan baez and pete seegar you have the best
 Everyones folk favourite from my era of the 60 's . Sung with great feeling & instrumentals not overdone.Songs have great appeal & humorous as well as thoughtful !! Everytime I listen a new take is found .
 This is a very nice album . It is the first and only Seeger album I have ever owned . It will be a nice addition to my collection .
 Really nice CD for a general overview of Pete Seeger 's music through the years . I 'm still looking for a CD that has the music from the DVD `` Power of Song '' on it . Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated.Ann Louise Ramsey
 Pete Seeger is a national treasure but also is our national conscience . In these songs and in nearly everything else he does Pete holds up a mirror to us . `` Waist deep in the big muddy '' is as relevant today as it ever was.Every song on this is great but since they are live recordings sometimes the recording quality falls a little short . That should n't dissuade anyone because Pete Seeger is probably always been at his best with a live audience .
 Pete Seeger 's Greatest Hits is a collection of songs that were sung in the 60 's . Listening to the album brought me back to a time of hope for a kinder , fairer world . Some songs were serious and some were just fun .
 This recording was one of my favorites . When I sold all of my LPs , I was so sure I 'd replace every single one w / a CD . Of course I did n't . But the PBS show on Seeger reminded me that I wanted to hear these songs again.If Seeger 's story , his patriotism , or dignity and decency moved you , this is a good ` starter ' for a Seeger collection .
 This was a present for my grandma , she loves it , nuff said . Not my type of music , but hey as long as she is happy .
 There has n't been another that 's walked among us that has been quite like Pete Seeger . Pete 's 83rd birthday was in the last week , and I thought I would write this note of thanks to him for all that he has given us.My Mom used to sing me `` Little Boxes '' -LRB- originally Malvina Reynolds -RRB- when I was quite young -- a memory I realized when this CD began to play for the first time in my player . I now sing this song to my children . It 's great to hear these songs sung by the source ... `` Turn Turn Turn '' and `` Guantanamera '' are wonderful . There is n't a bad song on the disc.This man has led a folksinger 's life , and his voice is warm like a Pendleton blanket in the Fall . Do n't stop with this CD ... get some by The Weavers , too . Pete sounds awfully good with Lee Hays , Ronnie Gilbert and Fred Hellerman . There 's a VHS tape out there , too , about The Weavers and is quite good.Thank you , Pete Seeger .
 With all the hubbub about Bruce Springsteen 's latest CD -LRB- a worthy purchase I might add -RRB- I thought I 'd also send a kind note thanking Pete Seeger . Being a child of the ' 60 's I saw Pete Seeger more times than I can count at every protest rally , do-gooder function , event celebrating freedom of speech , protesting war , injustice , violence , pollution , environmental issues , human decency , and down right good neighborliness . Always wearing a well-worn paisley cotton shirt , rolled up sleeves , cordoroy cap , and lived in jeans . If we have a troubador in this lifetime , Pete 's it . His heart and soul is in his music . It 's also in the right place . Listening to Pete Seeger ca n't help us to be better human beings . This is as good a place to start . He 's as close to Woodie Guthrie as we 're going to get in this century . Cherish him .
 Decided it was time to add Pete Seeger to my CD collection while working on a paper titled `` Profiles in Activism
 Decided it was time to add Pete Seeger to my CD collection while working on a paper titled `` Profiles in Activism
 I have reviewed some of Pete Seeger 's other albums elsewhere , including some remarks concerning our political differences . Whatever those differences may be there is no denying that brother Seeger has for more time than I care to remember been central part of the progresive protest folk music tradition . I actually first hear him with the old Weavers group and I believe that the first song was Leadbelly 's Goodnight Irene . Some of the songs on this album were sung by that group , as well . Bells of Rhymney is timeless . I would pay special tribute to Knee Deep in the Big Muddy that is about his World War II military service and written and sung during Vietnam . Except in changing it to the Big Sandy we could be singing it today about the quagmire in Iraq -LRB- and seemingly about Afghanistan , as well -RRB- .
 This CD represents one set of Pete Seeger 's most well known works . No single CD can encompass the broad body of Seeger 's work . But this does provide a sense of his art . Seeger wrote some of the songs ; some were created by other artists . But he was able to make them his own . As one listens to the sings , there are a few basic characteristics
 Pete Seeger has always been one to combine folk music with socially relevant lyrics in a way that captures the imagination of just about everyone . In this collection , there is a wide selection of pieces from children 's songs like `` Wimoweh '' to cautionary songs like `` Where Have All The Flowers Gone ? '' to political songs like `` Talking Union . '' Granted , this only represents a sliver of his prodigious output over the years , but is great for a rainy day or for introducing young ones to the power of his `` hammer . '' Seeger is indeed a national treasure and at 90 is still going strong , as witnessed at Madison Square Garden this past May .
 Track Lisitng
 Infectious house jam that will light up any club . Barbra Tucker is on a roll , following up club gems `` Beautiful People , '' `` Everybody Dance , '' and now this . You 'll be humming to the chorus long after the groove is over .
 I REALL LIKE THIS SONG ... VERY CATCHY IN WORDS AS WELL AS MUSIC.MY FAVORITE VERSIONS ARE : THE FULL INTENTION MIXES!GRAB A COPY ... WELL WORTH IT !
 Although this fine work has the stamp of Mr William Parker 's leadership all over it - he produced it , issued it originally in an edition of 1000 ; he composed the eight pieces featured on it ; his photo along with cousin Pamela and brother Thomas graces the front cover ; and of course the Quartet is the William Parker Quartet - but the heart of the enterprise , the music itself , is clearly a conjunction of equals and intended to be so . Even more so I believe than the famed Ornette Coleman Quartet to which it has been compared . The music has moved on since , and thanks to , Mr Coleman and his great Quartet , and interestingly closer to , in some ways , the original democracy of collective improvisation that prevailed before Louis Armstrong and Sidney Bechet et al established the primacy of the soloist . For a distiguishing feature of O'NEAL 'S PORCH is the sense of equality between the players and this is especially noticeable in the drumming of Mr Drake . His presence is manifest in every way - melodically , harmonically , and rhythmically - without being dominant . THe talking drums of Africa no less evident than the rhythmic complexities of bebop 's Mr Max Roach or the late great Mr Ed Blackwell or Mr Shelley Manne , both once of the Ornette Coleman Quartet.A second distinguishing feature is the tone - the titles such as SUN , MOON , LEAF , RISE , indicate a focus or search for a purity of expression similar to that of an innocence child 's , cleaned of the layers of pretence or of guardedness that we perforce adopt as coping mechanisms as we age . The music seems free of the licks , and preconceptions , evoking feelings untrammelled . It succeeds in this even though it has structure and is purported to be one of the more `` accessible '' of Mr Parker 's works . I found myself humming PURPLE after Id heard it . Is this a mark against the `` avant garde '' ? Is it a musical crime for `` free music '' to be melodically capable of whistlin ? I do n't think so . This programme of music is a magnificent achievement.Although there are some tracks that are more conventional in structure but swing like mad -LRB- PURPLE -RRB- or that are exultant with joy and intricately performed -LRB- LEAF -RRB- there is not one that does not have an individual life and interest different to each of the others . The ballad SONG FOR JESUS , set in the heart of the programme , but a 3/4 version performed on the penultimate track , is a ballad mainly for a wonderful conversation like , prayer like solo by Mr Rob Brown on Alto Sax , with Mr Barnes on muted trumpet and a latticework of percussionistic effects created by master drummer Mr Drake - all the while Mr Parker , urgent and persistent , provides solid ground for his partners three whilst being part of the dialogue . In conclusion
 William Parker has made perhaps his most accessible record yet ! Ironically , it was originally released by his own Centering Records last year , and was available only at his live shows . As he did n't get to Utah , the Aum Fidelity release is my first chance to hear a recording that won all sorts of honors among jazz critics -LRB- most of whom are in NYC and can see William Parker live ! -RRB- . This is one of my favorite jazz formats -- quartet with sax and trumpet . You 'll love this record if you like the great Ornette Coleman Quartet with Don Cherry , Charlie Haden and Ed Blackwell/Billy Higgins , or John Zorn 's Masada . Drake , in fact , has that Blackwell/New Orleans polyrhythm ! Parker and Drake have been playing together for several years now -LRB- in Brotz 's `` Die Like a Dog Quartet , '' Roy Campbell 's `` Pyramid Trio , '' and other sessions -RRB- , and are a magnificent rhythm section . Like Old and New Dreams , they create a pan-African context . I have n't heard of Lewis Barnes before , but he is solid on trumpet . Rob Brown is one of my favorite sax players , and he has been with Parker for years now , originally in the `` In Order to Survive '' Quartet . Brown 's sessions as a leader are not well-known or easy to find , but are well worth checking out ! -LRB- `` Jumping Off the Page '' is awesome ... -RRB- The collective improvisation of Parker , Drake , Brown and Barnes is phenomenal -- this is what jazz is all about!William Parker is at the center of the Free Jazz scene in NYC , with events such as the annual VisionFest . This record , with its exhilarating combination of standard heads and grooves with challenging outside passages , should cement that role , while simultaneously reaching the mainstream jazz audience .
 I own almost every disc that William Parker has performed on and of the albums on which he the leader and primary composer this is the finest . Nice heads and song developement , strong soloing throughout and a spirituality that we do not often find in creative / free music . This is life affirming music that will surely make you think and appreciate what we as a collective share in this human experience . Parker is strong , his playing muscular yet graceful . Honest music presented without pretention . Highly recommended
 I ca n't say enough good things about this cd . I was fortunate enough to purchase a limited edition last year on Parker 's own Centering Records . This disc is a wonderful example of inside-outside playing - the band is awesome . If you 've liked the recent Ware or Shipp albums you 'll love this - its even better!What is it - well its bluesy , funky and often just plain beautiful .
 This is a superb album . William Parker and his group simply smoke from the first seconds of the album to the last . This is excellent improvisational music , with appealing themes to the songs . There is an energy , a life force to the music which is uplifting and powerful . One of the best jazz albums in years .
 This album took me a while to get into . For a while there -LRB- or maybe it was just my mood -RRB- , it seemed oftentimes too straight ahead for me , or at least for me in relation to what I generally want from a William Parker band . Well , I got over that a while ago , and this is quite an album . It 's true that in comparison to other Parker gigs and albums his own playing here is sometimes more in the vein of groove-centering anchor , rather than monstrous force of nature , forever cutting new lines and territory through the maelstrom . But so what ? Besides , it 's not like he is always just laying down the groove here . Take Rise , for instance . That 's the William Parker playing we all know and love.Rob Brown 's playing hits me because he is both lyrical and free at the same time . Even when he gets wilder , there is still a sense that his horn is singing . I really love that . In terms of horn solos , I greatly prefer Brown 's over Barnes ' , but together they are a wonderful team . Most of the time they play here , they play at the same time and that is when this pair truly shines . These guys are brilliant listeners . There are times where you feel like they are conducting the other guy 's playing through their own playing . They consistently compliment and steer each other in new directions and it 's a wonderful thing to hear . They completely give themselves to the idea of egoless interaction.Do I put this on the level of Parker 's Little Huey album , Mayor of Punkville ? No , but that being one of my favorite albums of all time , there is n't much I put on that same level . That certainly does n't mean everything else is pooey . This is one heck of a disc by a quartet that can release some more stuff any day now . I 'll buy it . It 's just that I would n't put this among the true heavyweight emotional WP albums .
 Originally released in limited edition on Parker 's own label , this one could have fallen through the cracks . Aum Fidelity secured the rights to issue it again and a wise choice it 's turned out to be . This is one hot piano-less quartet playing with tremendous attack , imagination , and inspiration . The rhythm section digs and prods and grooves in such a joyous way . Brown 's alto and Barnes ' trumpet spew solo after solo of molten invention . It 's like an updated version of the classic Ornette Coleman quartet and it 's a nice surprise that it can sound so fresh.This one is easily recommended .
 Consider this the best album in the Blue Series , although it 's not in the Blue Series . Powerful , extremely thoughtful and spontaneous improvisation , and a monstrous , earth-shattering groove from Parker and Drake . It also seems just about official with this album that Rob Brown is one of the absolutes of music in our time . His playing is truly singular and always full of surprise . The only question is , `` Why has n't someone given Louis Barnes the album under his own name that he so obviously deserves ? ''
 What 's with all the negativity towards this cd ? It 's mediocre ? It needs `` balance '' ? ... ugh ... I 'll start this off with what I heard when I played `` Becoming Something Else '' , Sugarcoma might strike one as a band not too dissimilar to Kittie ... and it 's almost what killed it for me in fact ... however , the more I gave this cd a chance , the more and more I liked until I grew to love it . Truly Sugarcoma is among my favorites . Who are they ? Well ... Wehrmacht , Loudness , Death Angel , Grotus , Sweaty Nipples , Amaran , Testament , Circle of Dust , Tankard , Detente , Znowhite , After Forever , Nuclear Assault , ... and so on and that 's enough of that ... the point being that most of the bands I 've listed above could be classified in one classic metal genre or another , and the fact that Sugarcoma is among them is rather ... unusual . Here 's what did it
 I love Sugarcoma 's music . Jessica Meyers delivers amazing lyrics with an amazing vocal punch in the stomach . I live in the central United States , but I would love to go to the UK to watch them play live . From the beginning of the CD to the end , you are locked in a trance with the music . I 'm looking forward to any new cd 's I 'm sure Sugarcoma will come out with .
 I know what you 're thinking ... this band sounds a lot like Kittie . Actually , I do n't think so . The music on this cd is awesome , the vocals take a bit getting used to , but hey i liked this cd a lot . I recommend it to anyone who likes listening to rock/metal .
 About a year ago I read a review of SugarComa in some import magazine and I hit their website and downloaded a few tunes . I loved them . So I ordered their first EP album -LRB- had to get it direct from England as it was a small release -RRB- Now that they have a full album I had to get it and I was not disapointed . It ranks as one of the few CD 's where I like the Whole CD.The lead singers ability to go from soft and sexy to meaty to downright deathgrowl is amazing ! The guitarist sound is awesome and the bassist blends in so tightly that you almost do n't even hear it until you listen for her . Sadly the drummer is male , but he does a great job . They are all young and I can only imagine what will be comming as they continue to grow . You will be seeing more of SugarComa !!
 First of all I have to comment on what someone said about Otep down there , Otep will always kick Sugarcomas ass , in every aspect . Better screams , better lyrics , better music . Actually the screaming here just sounds like she 's constipated , but I still love the cd .
 The more I listen to these songs , the more I like them . `` Only Car In Your Garage '' and `` Judy Lou '' are fun love -LRB- and fun-lovin ' -RRB- songs with catchy tunes . And , `` Fat Farm '' is a must for anyone who has ever battled the buldge . Dr. Fry 's medicine is for the soul ... see if he ca n't put a smile on your face !!
 Dr. Fry 's Texas Medicine Band is the real thing . The songs remind you of sawdust floors and late nights . The sound is raw , rural and reminds me why Texans head our for dance hall music . This is not the slick country and western you could find on any radio station anywhere . This is pure , southern and original . The musicians are first rate . They are at their best in road songs . Two cds are reviewed here . Beginning with Texas Medicine the road songs really take off on 18 Wheels Fast Rollin and Spokane to Pullman -LRB- somebody 's done some traveling -RRB- . But the band has a flair for the two step , old fashion love songs also with soft pedal steel and fiddles blending nicely to Clifford Fry 's tenor and well mixed acoustic guitar . There 's a bit of folly with Them Rabbits and one gets the feeling that this band is one Helluva live act.The same festive atmosphere abounds on River Bolt of Lightening . The arrangements are just as competent and the writing by Clifford Fry and Douglas Sharp is solid . Again , the Medicine Band seems at it 's best with up tempo humor such as The Only Car in Your Garage , Fat Farm and Texas Medicine - Live . The band can also rock with great lead guitar mixed well and solid vocals . Note the guitar driven You 'll Never Find Another Like Me.This is definitely not corporate country . Dr. Fry 's Medicine Band is the kind of fun you 'll have with the pick up windows down heading out for the heart of a Saturday night looking for some Texas medicine - music and dancing and a cold one .
 This CD re-issue pretty much has it all , a classic salsoul album in sparkling crisp remastered sound , vibrant orignal artwork & 3 Bonus remixes of '' Let 's Celebrate '' one of Skyy 's best tracks . Widely considered their strongest album , grab this one before it goes out of print & becomes rare & really expensive .
 This is old school for real people . I have n't heard this album sence I was a little girl . I was about 4 years old . My favorite songs are , Let 's Celebreat , Call Me , Girl In Blue , Jam The Box , When You Touch Me , And of course Gon na get it on . So . If you have a chance , Buy the Album you wo n't be sorry .
 Skyy 's Skyy Line takes me back to good memories when Disco was on its way out but good bands were still trying to make their mark , I was a D-Jay in a club and one of my favorites on this album was , Lets Celebrate , of course Call Me was nice also . Its good to be able to look back at the past and know you were part of what youngsters read or hear about . I sometime wish that I could go back with the knowledge that I have now , I would be `` TOO COLD '' Thanks Skyy ...
 I know this was a New York thing , But , man Skyy had Cali grooving ... And I hate hearing the word Disco associated with them . It 's called `` Dancefloor Funk `` Solomon Roberts r. the Dunning sisters , Tommy McConnell , Randy Muller and the rest of the gang holding it down . This was the way disco wanted to be . That get you on the floor , to dance type music . During the glory days of the funk-a-puss , there were four other bands `` aka '' alter egos to the funk . One of those alter ego 's was called Skyy . This is skyy at their ultimate best . Every cut is dance floor funky , and when they decided to slow it down , they hit you with `` When You Touch Me '' or to get you ready they would tell you with a song like `` Gon na Get it On '' . If you know dance floor funk , you know about Skyy !!! DJ Warlock `` Out n Cali ''
 In its early iterations , the New York-based band Skyy visually took it 's cues from the Earth , Wind , & Fire look -- the funky , shiny one-piece jumpsuits , etc. . But the Brass Construction 's Randy Mueller -- who was the producer for Skyy -- had them follow a different sound , using their guitars and the three voices of the Dunning sisters -- Denise , Dolores , and Bonny . As a result , they were a quieter version of Mueller 's band ; but had a more driven and funkier sound.The sound of Skyy reached a full maturity with Skyyline , and may have best been represented by the cover , in which the band dropped the EWF look for suits and skirts . This 1995 re-release of the 1982 album has both versions of `` Let 's Celebrate '' , which is a forgotten song of the time because of Kool And The Gang 's `` Celebration '' . While the latter song became a sports anthem and somewhat iconic ; Skyy 's similarly named song is one of the great dance floor songs EVER . It 's driven by the two guitars of Solomon Roberts -LRB- Who also sings the lead on the song -RRB- and Anibal `` Boochie '' Sierra , who use a `` combatative picking '' on their axes -- a sort of `` Dueling Banjos '' for the electric guitar . Both versions highlight the picking , especially the longer version which finishes the re-release . Of course , one ca n't dismiss the rest of this album -- the other classics `` Call Me '' -- I can remember Skyy playing this on Soul Train back in the day , and Solomon bringing out the mobile phone for the bridge -- and `` When You Touch Me '' . But I admit that I bought this for both versions of `` Let 's Celebrate '' ... and loved it .
 New York based band Skyy at their best with an explosive album featuring the No. 1 R&B hit `` Call Me '' and `` Let 's Celebrate , '' also featured here as a bonus 12 '' mix . This is one definite classic to own .
 This album is an early 80 's Old School R&B ; CLASSIC ! Featuring the enormous hit singles , `` Call Me '' and `` Let 's Celebrate , '' the album skyy-rocketed to the # 1 position on the , at that time , Black Albums chart and with all due reason.Boasting a tight mix of uptempo and midtempo Funk musings like the gritty and Cameo-ish `` Girl in Blue , '' it was inevitable that `` Skyyline '' had all the makings of becoming a smash hit . After other mildly successful albums such as `` Skyyjammer , '' `` Skyylight '' and `` Inner City , '' more minor hits presented including `` Movin ' Violation , '' `` When You Touch Me , '' `` Bad Boy '' and `` Dancin ' to Be Dancin , ' '' however none of these had the mass appeal and/or impact that the aforementioned did.Here 's a little Skyy trivia for ya
 Do n't give up is fantastic , it is the second time Chicane has teamed up with Bryan Adams he remixed `` cloud # 9 '' early last year , and do n't give up continues that energy . You will not be disappointed . Chicane has the midas touch with this one .
 Almost 10 years later this song continues to move people on to dance floors from Miami to NY and abroad . It has turned out to be another club anthem . Co-written by Bryan Adams and mega producer Nick Bracegirdle , this track is a prime example of late 90 's techno-house . Here is an interview with the aforementioned producer regarding this track :[ ... -RSB- Enjoy
 Dont Give Up is one of Chicane 's most commercially sucessful tracks -LRB- alongside Offshore and Saltwater -RRB- and i thoroughly reccomend it . One major gripe i have is that there are only three tracks on the CD , thus not making much value for money , but this track , which makes Bryan sound good , is still worth it . The Tomski mix is probably the best , with the strings at the beginning -LRB- at around the 2 minute mark -RRB- a beautiful addition .
 Sydney DJ Seymour Butts did a fantastic job in organising this high quality compilation of electronica and pop performed and produced by openly and proudly gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender or queer Australian artists . We 're taken on an unflinching , steamy , sometimes dark , sometimes celebratory , journey through queer life in the big city . There is lust , lasciviousness and love.Every song is a winner in its own right - but my personal favourites are Jimmy Street
 This was released in 1993 . DISC ONE : ARMED & DANGEROUS , SMARTY PANTYS , NEWSY NEIGHBORS , THIS IS THE HOUSE WHERE LOVE DIED , LOVE & HAPPINESS , THE PLAYER , GOT TA GET AWAY , DR. LOVE 12 '' MIX , LOVE THANG , DOUBLE CROSS 12 '' MIX.DISC TWO : LOVE THANG 12 '' MIX , LET NO MAN PUT ASUNDER , DR. LOVE , MEDLEY
 I only wish I had found this album sooner . The guitar is smooth and easy listening . The Folk songs are as they should be - real . To bad this is the only album I could find by Noah .
 If you like folk music at all , buy this album , it is flawless
 If you are a fan of `` The King of Romance '' aka Englebert Humperdinck , this is unquestionably his best effort to date . He sinks his heart and soul into `` Definition of Love '' , his latest release to his many fans and soon to be followers of this modern day crooner . Now celebrating his 35th anniversary in show business , due largely to his versatility as well as his enduring style and interpretation . Engelbert still records original material as well as his old vintage standards that moved him up the ladder of success . He is not afraid in attempting new projects , as this album will confirm.As he delivers demanding performances , inclusive is superb breath control hitting high notes that you would never attempt on a bet . If you enjoy classics from the '40s right up to the moment , then this album has your name on it . Take for instance tunes like `` BRAZIL '' , `` VOLARE '' , `` LOVE ME '' , `` PENNY LANE '' , `` THIS GUY 'S IN LOVE WITH YOU '' and lastly `` IF '' , this song is one of my all-time favorites , performed by Elvis , Jerry Vale , Perry Como and now Engelbert , each with God-Given-Talent ! In closing with have `` SHE '' , a tear in his voice touching our very soul , you ca n't get any better than this cue . If love songs is your cup of tea , mixed with a voice of the `` last of the romantics '' ... then this is the one you 've been waiting for ... Engelbert fans and music lovers alike will treasure this now and years to come ... every Valentines Day ... got ta love it!Total Time
 I can not recommend this CD too highly . It is a stunningly brilliant , eclectic mix of ballads that ranks near the top of the immense body of work that Engelbert has produced in his long and illustrious career . `` Definition of Love '' was crafted with tender loving care to every aspect involved in its creation . The selection of songs , the lush orchestrations , Engelbert 's phrasing and interpretation of his material collectively reinforce my opinion that he is indeed the greatest baritone of the past century . Every track is an absolute gem , but if I had to select only one song it would be `` She . '' Go out and purchase this CD today ; in fact , get two copies and give one of them to someone else who appreciates great music that is saturated with Engelbert 's unequaled interpretative artistry . I can only hope that The King of Romance continues with his recording career for many more years because vocal talents such as his only come along once in a lifetime .
 An absolutely stunning new album that ranks with the very best work that Engelbert has ever done , `` Definition of Love '' absolutely confirms the King of Romance as one of the greatest pop vocalists of the past century . I am just amazed at how underappreciated he is in the U.S. Humperdinck has recorded over sixty albums in his thirty-five year career , and not one of them is any better than , `` Definition of Love . '' It is a superbly creative eclectic mix of the old and new that tugs on your heartstrings . Everything is right about this album
 Thirty-five successful years in the music business is quite an accomplishment , and this album is a great way to celebrate , with the first half a selection of some marvelous songs that are strong lyrically and have a country feel , and the best of them is one co-written by Engelbert 's daughter , Louise Dorsey , and tracks 9 -15 are a potpourri that includes some international hits , including `` Penny Lane '' , which was the Beatles song kept off the # 1 chart position by Engelbert 's `` Release Me '' in 1967 . It all makes for a pleasing mix , and terrific listening.Highlights for me are : `` How Slow We Go '' -LRB- Agee/Dorsey/Collins -RRB- is a gorgeous song , and I 'm surprised it has n't been a massive hit and covered extensively by other artists . It 's enhanced here by lovely guitar work by Hugh Burns.The unusual , relaxed take on the Elvis hit `` Love Me '' -LRB- Lieber/Stoller -RRB- , the beautiful melodic `` If '' -LRB- Gates -RRB- , that was a hit for Bread , and what must be Engelbert 's first rendition of a Charles Aznavour song , `` She '' . Engelbert sounds in top form , pouring his heart , soul , and artistry into every song , and the musicianship throughout is superb , with first-rate arrangements and production . Completing the celebratory package is a booklet insert with detailed recording credits , loads of photos and liner notes by Engelbert . The sound is excellent and total playing time is 58 ' 30 .
 Lovely collection of songs by a living legend . How slow we go - wonderful - written by his talented daughter.If tomorrow never comes a garth brooks song . Engelbert has now made it his own and sings it like no one else could.Volare good sing-a-long brilliant !!! . You should purchase this cd . Well worth the money .
 Having heard Engelbert perform `` She '' in concert a couple of times and eagerly awaiting the release of an album containing the song , we would 've gladly purchased the cd just for that one song alone . The entire album is excellent !
 You just ca n't lose buying any Engelbert CD , and this one is the Best yet ! He truly shows the intimate feelings we would all like to be able to express , but only Engelbert has the fabulous voice to arouse our deepest feelings , and Love . He is truly the Definition of Love , and that 's why he is the `` King of Romance '' . Just a NOTE to Amazon
 The `` definition of love '' cd is one of his best yet ! It just proves once again what a talented and smooth voiced singer he is.Romantic , calming and certanily knows how to capture you . He does an absolutely lovely job of singing `` I dont want to miss a thing '' as well . In fact he does a wonderful job with singing all of his songs . Listening to this cd will just want you to want more ... THIS IS A MUST HAVE ... DEFINITELY WORTH PURCHASING ... YOU WONT REGRET IT .
 AFTER LISTENING TO ENGELBERTS NEW CD DEFINITION OF LOVE.I REALIZE AS A NEWSPAPER REVIEWER WHY I HAVE PURCHASED AND COLLECTED OVER 1000 RECORDINGS OF THIS MAN OVER 35 YEARS.AND HAVE REVIEWED HIM IN CONCERT MORE TIMES THEN I CAN COUNT.MY FIRST OPINION OF HUMPERDINCK IS THAT SINATRA PRESLEY AND JONES COULD ONLY DREAM OF HAVING A QUARTER OF THE TALENT THIS MAN HAS.I HAVE SEEN THEM ALL AND BELIEVE ME THEY COULD NOT PUT A PIMPLE ON THIS MANS NOSE!THIS ALBUM AS WITH ALL HIS OTHERS IS PURE GOLD.THE SONGS ARE ELEGANT.THE PHRASING.MORE THEN PERFECT.AS HUMPERDINCK IS HIMSELF.THE MAN EXUDES CLASS AND STYLE LIKE NO PERFORMER BEFORE HIM.OR ANY PERFORMER EVER COULD PRESENTLY OR AFTER HIM.PURCHASING THIS CD.IS LIKE PURCHASING A PIECE OF FORT KNOX.TAKE THE GOLD AND TREASURE IT CAUSE YOU CANT PUT A PRICE ON FOUND TREASURE.ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK.THE GREATEST ENTERTAINER AND VOICE OF THE CENTURY.GO FOR IT.YOU 'LL BE GLAD YOU DID.AND I GUARANTEE YOU WILL BE OUT LOOKING FOR EVERY HUMPERDINCK COMPILATION YOU CAN FIND !
 We know the title of the CD is Definition of Love , however I want someone to define the word `` Singer '' . The only honest definition I can come up with is Engelbert Humperdinck . Not because I have been a fan for thirty five years but because no modern day singer can sing the way he does . He is the Male version of the likes of Celine and Barbra and once your hear him sing it does ` nt matter what song he is singing you will now know the definition of the word `` Singer '' . . It is Humperdinck , Engelbert Humperdinck.Back to the CD and the purpose if this writing . Of course , you might find a tear in your eye when you hear `` She '' but when you listen to `` If Tomorrow Never Comes '' and do not shed a tear or two . then I suggest you listen to the Stones , nobody cries for Jagger.In closing , I propose that his fans get together and start an `` Evening With Engelbert '' on national radio . Sponsors would love and so would we . With all my best to Engelbert and many thanks for his `` Definition of Singer `` Ed Gibbons
 WHAT IS THERE TO SAY ABOUT A CD WHEN ENGELBERT FINALLY RELEASES IT ? IT IS SIMPLY THE BEST !! THE TITLE SONG `` DEFINITION OF LOVE '' IS SO BEAUTIFUL AND ENGE DELIVERS THE LYRICS WITH SUCH EMOTION THAT YOU FEEL THAT HE IS RIGHT NEAR YOU . HIS RENDITION OF GARTH BROOK 'S `` IF TOMORROW NEVER COMES '' BRINGS A TEAR TO YOUR EYE ANDTHE DEPTH OF HIS EMOTION WHEN HE SINGS THIS SONG IS TOOOO MUCH !! IT JUST IS SO BEAUTIFUL !! I 'M SO THANKFUL THAT GOD HAS GIVEN HIM THE TALENT WHICH HE CHOOSES TO USE FOR OUR BENEFIT AND WITH THE RELEASE OF THIS 2003CD , HE ONLY GETS BETTER . HIS RANGE , BREATHING , TONE AND ALL IS JUST THOROUGHLY NOTED ON ALL OF THESE SONGS . YOU WILL CERTAINLY ENJOY HEARING HIS TITLE SONG . ENJOY !!
 He is the very best . There is no one better than him . 3 and half octave range and such a handsome man to go with that voice takes any half sane woman farther than she has ever gone and will go ! Enge 's voice can do magic and has done so for me and my dh for 31 years as well as when he captured my attention when I was just 13 years old and I have followed Engelbert from the start . I am a beginning to end fan and btw Amazon reviewer , his real name is Arnold George Dorsey . I do n't know here you got the name from that you used . but thanks for reviewing him in a favorable light.This man is the very best there is , not even Sinatra could top Enge in the voice and especially the romance department . This is why Engelbert has the most fans clubs of any entertainer singer in the world ever !!!!!!!!! Now top that!Glad to see all these great reviews for my man Enge . This CD is the best and they keep getting better!May you live forever Engelbert !! Love yaLucy
 Humperdinck 's `` Definition of Love '' takes the listener on a journey of emotion , from joy to pain , from pensiveness to fun . His rendition of `` Penny Lane '' is the definition of listenability . This singer -LRB- way beyond `` crooning '' -RRB- with a voice like a warm ocean makes every song his own , surprises and refreshes as he entertains with a style both versatile and virile , making me want to listen to his music over and over again . I recommend this CD highly .
 If you can get past the cover and inside photos -- a Humper who looks suspiciously surgically streamlined -- you will be for a warm , fuzzy surprise . The Humper still has it
 It was nice to here Enge 's new cd and worth the wait . Anybody who has ever seen him perform will really think wow and close there eyes and think he is singing to me and only me . When he sings If Tomorrow Never Comes let that be a lesson on how short life really is and make sure you tell your loved ones what they mean to you.On his song Nothing a little love wo n't cure you can just see him up there moving that body to the song . Buy it and do n't look back and say darn i should have gotten it.Enjoy i give it 1000 stars .
 WHAT A JOY IT IS TO TELL YOU ABOUT THIS NEW JUST RELEASED CD BYTHE `` MASTER '' HIMSELF !! ENGE SINGS THE TITLE SONG WHICH IS AN UP-BEAT TEMPO . HOWEVER , THE WORDS ARE SO MEANINGFUL AND ONLY ENGELBERT CAN INTERPRET A SONG AS SUCH !! THE GARTH BROOK 'S SONG `` IF TOMORROW NEVER COMES '' IS SO BEAUTIFUL IT BRINGS A TEAR TO ONE 'S EYE AS DOES HIS VERSION OF `` SHE '' !! HONESTLY , HE JUST GETS BETTER WITH AGE !! LOVE THIS CD AND KNOW YOU WILL ALSO!ENGELBERT IS A TRUE MASTER OF SONG AND A LEADER IN TODAY 'S `` REAL '' MUSIC WORLD !! THANK GOODNESS FOR HIM ! AT LEAST WE CAN UNDERSTAND HIS LYRICS ! ENJOY THIS CD AND PASS THE GOOD NEWS ON !
 This is probably the most important punk album since Never Mind the Bollocks . It combines a unique snarling rage with true wit and intelligence to produce this masterpiece . Political -LRB- or as they put it anti-political -RRB- but not preachy . But do n't worry - you wo n't find the naive politics of bands like the Crucifux , the Dead Kennedys or Crass here . The impact of the songs of this album ca n't be overstated . I just wish they were still around . I wonder what they would be like now .
 This album is the embodiment of punk rock . If someone has no idea what punk rock is , then play them this album . Everything from the title of the album itself to the lyrics are designed to shock and subvert . Just listen to songs like Jesus Entering throught the rear and Gut Rage , which starts with one of the best lines ever `` Vandalism , as beautiful as a rock in a cop 's face '' - just brilliant . 1984 paints a picture of Orwellian horror and shows us that we are living in it right now , only its not a statist regime that dictates our lives , its corporations and businesses . Musically , the Feederz sound alot like the Dead Kennedys , but arent some cheap rip off , they have a distinct style that belongs to them alone . Frank Discussion does sound alot like Jello Biafra on first listen , but his voice soon becomes distinct and unique . People who find mainstream artists such as Eminem offensive would soil themselves if they heard this album .
 This is probably the most important punk album since Never Mind the Bollocks . It combines a unique snarling rage with true wit and intelligence to produce this masterpiece . Political -LRB- or as they put it anti-political -RRB- but not preachy . But do n't worry - you wo n't find the naive politics of bands like the Crucifux , the Dead Kennedys or Crass here . The impact of the songs of this album ca n't be overstated . I just wish they were still around . I wonder what they would be like now .
 The 12 '' had black sandpaper on the cover .
 I would give this album 10 stars if I could - the music ; the lyrics the whole package is so snarling with rage that it 's immpossible to ignore this record and the impact this had on punk music -- Real punk , not some Blink182/Green Day rip-off of the word `` punk `` Great inside artwork done by Frank Discussion himself sure to provoke feelings of distain for society . I would recommend sitting down and reading through all the lyrics first just to get an idea of what you 're in for - a blast of real punk rock , with intellegence and a message to spread-Don ' t Submit !
 I remember seeing the feederz at Ruthies Inn sometime around 1984 . The singer walked in with a shaved head , long fur coat and a dog collar , jumped onstage and played an outstanding set . As a 16 year old kid I was in awe of their music . So I would purchase this cd if you want to here some outstanding songs .
 Earning ` High Marks ' -LRB- & Stars ! -RRB- for BOTH ` Uniqueness & creativity ' we here have ~ Feederz
 Surprisingly , I think this albums even more relevant now than it was when it came out . This is a must have if you are into punk.I disagree with the person below who wrote that Frank Discussion is an a-hole . I have met him several times and he has always been shockingly down to earth and open , but to each their own I guess .
 Arcturus is one of the best , most diverse black metal bands out there . I loved Aspera Hiems Symfonia , La Mas. , and the remix album . I could n't find these two tracks anywhere . These two tracks are from their first recording -LRB- My Angel 7 '' -RRB- . They are the best tracks on the CD . The drumming and the keyboards make the two tracks awesome . Garm does not sing on these recordings , some other guy does the vocals and plays guitar here . The keyboards add a classical , atmosphere sound to the music . This band was probably the first to do this in Black Metal from Norway . The Emperor tracks are awesome , but there are different versions that can be found on the Wrath of the Tyrant album . The third track has really low distorted vocals on it . Most of the Dimmu tracks can be found on their first album `` For All Tid '' . These are awesome tracks , they played more of a Folkish , etheral black metal at the time and does not reflect on how they sound now . The Immortal tracks are on the death metal side except for the vocals which are in black metal style . The material is very similiar sounding to their first album . The best Immortal album is `` Battles from the North '' -LRB- I think thats right -RRB- . The Ancient tracks can be found on a album of theirs that has their best material on it . This is a good introduction if you want to get into early 90 's black metal . Most of the bands on the CD have better material than this . This CD was released so the fans of the bands can find hard to find material . Awesome family tree showcasing most of the bigger bands from Norway .
 Here we have a Black Metal fanboy 's wet dream , a montage of rare 7 `` EPs from the genre 's elite monarchs Ancient , Arcturus , Dimmu Borgir , Emperor , and Immortal . I must confess , while not being an expert on the Black Metal scene -LRB- I have n't even read Lords Of Chaos , `` gasp ! '' -RRB- , this disc truly captures the original heart and vision of these bands before bigger budgets , labels and scene exploitation diluted their aspirations of purity in darkness . Just looking at the inlay card , which openly displays the incestuous insipid state of the scene , one easily realizes why there is such turmoil and competition within Black Metal circles ; it 's basic sibling rivalry . But let 's not dwell on that , for now , let us explore the inner workings of the compilation . Emperor 's tracks from their 1992-recorded As the Shadows Rise EP gives us a taste of the raw , simplistic , wraithlike energy that gave the band notoriety . Unfortunately , this quality was eventually quashed to give way to their current extreme , technical sound . Immortal 's contribution , a 7 '' from 1992 , although under-produced and a bit muddy , still gives us a decent taste of their frosty venom , which comes across as sounding like early MORBID ANGEL . The chilling and haunting nature of Dimmu Borgir is presented with their 1994 Inn I Evighetens Morke EP -LRB- which is also available as bonus tracks on the Nuclear Blast reissue of For All Tid -RRB- , and cements my opinion that they possessed a more threatening and soul-scorching tone in their pre-Enthrone Darkness Triumphant days . And what can be said of Ancient , whose last decent work was 1996 's Metal Blade-released The Cainian Chronicle ? The 1994 Det Glemte Riket EP featured in this compilation , while simplistic , displayed amazing songwriting of epic proportions , which makes me wonder , did money go to Aphazel 's head , or did Kimberly Goss suck the talent right out of him ? The True Kings Of Norway disc comes to a close with a couple frightening passages from Arcturus ' 1991 My Angel EP , which spotlights the band in rare form , freezing your soul with ominous , heavily keyboard-laced psychoses . This disc is a must have for anyone who ever liked Black Metal , for it truly displays each band at its best , so check it out and become awash in sinister splendor .
 obviously missing in this compilation are Burzum and Mayhem , which is a shame considering they were the true kings in the black metal genre . Nevertheless , this compilation is brilliant for anyone who has been there from the start , but di not have the access to these EP 's . the sound is a little primitive , but that also is part of the scene . All in all a very valuble addition to my collection
 Many young pianists have the manual skills and dexterity to master these pieces but ... the feeling and interpretation that Ms Bardin brings to us here in nothing less than marvelous . She puts you in another world .
 Anyone who knows the Art of Noise always holds their breath after a new album comes out , waiting for the best tracks to be repurposed and remixed into something else . After a lengthy hiatus , and with new bandmate Lol Creme , AON released ` the Seduction of Claude Debussy , ' my pick for the best album of 1999 . It combines slick beats and melodies with layers of interesting vocals from such divergent artists as rapper Rakim , BBC announcer John Hurt and opera singer Sally Bradshaw . This melange produced a densely layered look at the rise of Debussy and a less than subtle parallel to their own work . ` Reduction ' is a new EP that is being packaged with ` Seduction ' in the UK . It contains 7 tracks , and a similar feel to ` Seduction . ' Many of the themes are similar to counterparts on ` Seduction , ' while being radically remixed and restructured . Other parts of ` Reduction ' sound like they incorporate parts of songs not used on the full LP , including new rapping by Rakim . One track even incorporates a sample from their early 80 's track ` Moments in Love . ' The liner notes indicate whether the song is an extension or remix of existing materials or , in the case of 2 tracks , completely new.The tracks are dense - more noise than melody ... but that 's not to say this ep is grating -- It 's a disc that is made more accessible knowing other AON work . Whereas ` Seduction ' is very carfully crafted and deserves to be called elegant , ` Reduction ' is much more raw , avant-garde and challenging . But there are some clever turns and ideas evident on the disc.I like this disc a lot and it 's seen a lot of time on my cd player since I got it , but I have been a fan of AON since ` Beat Box ? ' and ` Close -LRB- to the Edit -RRB- . ' This disc is n't for everyone , but if you got as much pleasure out of ` The Seduction of Claude Debussy ' as I did , then you will also enjoy this EP . However , I was left wishing that this disc contained a little more new material , or something more different . I suppose this is why it is packaged with the ` Seduction ' cd and not on its own . Those of you who do n't know AON all that well would be well served by starting with copies of ` Seduction ' and ` Daft . '
 Wonderful CD . I love all Andre 's music and think that he can play any style perfectly . The violin solos are magical , his soloists are at the top of their form and the orchestra is once again magnificent . It 's a very varied CD which makes it easy to listen to it again and again . And I do !! Would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Andre 's music or who just enjoys quality orchestral music in general .
 I would have liked a little more Broadway in this CD , but it 's wonderful to listen to and the Harlem Gospel Choir rocks me down the freeway on my way home from work .
 I gave this to my Mom who loves Andre Rieu . We are going to his concert next month in Tampa . You can never go wrong buying through Amazon .
 I LOVE Andre Rieu . I have been to severalof his concerts . GREAT MUSIC !
 God bless Dee Dee and Barbara . ... It brings me tears of happiness that they left this work of art before he passed on . If I only had ten records and was left on a deserted island this would be there with me . Track # 1 I do n't wan na die in the basement is incredible . I love it . There are also a few songs where Barbara sings , and I love hearing Barbara sing . She has this voice , its so unigue , it has this twinge to it , I find it adorable , she is so cute . I wan na eat her up ! -LRB- no offense Dee Dee -RRB- And its no wonder how the album got its title . Track # 8 Hop Around is strong and pure , i luv it . I must have hit replay 30 times in my car today on that one . There are a couple of songs that are n't 100 % but of course there are on any divine works . And its great that it was made because we will never get enough of the Ramones . My eleven year old daughter told me recently that the Ramones and AC \ DC are like the most loved bands at the school she goes to . I am going to buy another copy of this rare record for her so she can be the coolest kid at school . She is going to get a big kick that there is a girl Ramone too . I luv it . Thank you Dee Dee & Barbara
 Although this album breaks no new ground , it does bring back some great memories . Memories of the early Ramones , when Dee Dee wrote his best songs . Hop Around is much better that his last album , with several excellent songs , many good ones , and only a couple of throw-aways . Dee Dee borrows many of his own riffs and song titles , but I guess it 's OK to steal from yourself . `` I Do n't Wan na Die in The Basement , '' `` Now I Wan na Be Sedated , '' and `` 38th & 8th '' may not be the most original songs , but they are great nonetheless . Also , the production is very good . Any Ramones fan should definitely buy this album . Others are advised to buy it and see how the `` old school '' rocks .
 i actually bought this album on a whim . after being a large Ramones fan -LRB- yes all of them Ramones-Adios Amigos -RRB- and hearing the song `` hop around , '' i decided to go ahead and buy this . i mean yes , this definately is a different ball park from your `` leave homes and road to ruins '' and even later Ramones works . songs like hop around , rock n roll vacation , i dont wan na die in the basement , and mental patient all made me love this album.all in all , dee dee wrote most of the Ramones songs , and the lyrical content is almost exact rip off of ramones albums . does that mean it should be trashed and forgotten ? no way jose ! if your one of those elitist `` rocket to russia was the last passable ramones album '' type of people , i dont even know why you would be reading this , but if your like me , obsessed , or even like a slight majority of Ramones tracks , you may want to at least listen to this album.too bad he is gone .
 the second album in my dee dee list barbara sings as an angel and dee dee plays like a god
 Okay a lot of people are comparing this album to their previous one wiretap scars . I think this album is more mature than wiretap scars . dont get me wrong wiretap was a great album but . . I like this cd a little better.im sick of people comparing this band to `` mars volta . '' you cant compare the two . THEY SOUND NOTHING ALIKE.Mars volta sounds more like led zeppelin and well sparta sounds more like alternative/rock/punk .
 This is a great sophmore effort from Sparta . From `` The guns of memorial park '' to `` Splinter '' this has to be hands down the biggest suprise album that I purchased in 2004 . While hints of At The Drive In still float in their music , Sparta has definetely struck out to seperate themselves . A track for those just getting into the band that you may want to check out is `` Vacant Skies '' on the Atticus
 poreclain , is music for the masses.they arent your average post - hardcore bandthey are so much more.i bought this cd the day it came out because i knew it would be great . and it is . if your interested in purchasing new music , from upcoming artists , this IS the cd for you . you can listen to `` breaking the broken '' from porcelain on http://www.purevolume.com/sparta
 Sparta has simply gotten better on this release than they were on `` Wiretap Scars . '' The album 's fluency of guitar work and intricacy is just hypnotizing . The lyrics are wonderful as well with some lines that will make you stop and think . The album has a good flow to it as well that lets you put in the album and listen to it from start to finish . I 'm slightly surprised that they were able to come up with such a fantastic release in so little time , it usually takes bands years to write such an album , but they 've done it quickly.It 's a shame to see Mars Volta going backwards with their latest while their other half releases an album that is better than their first . If you like Sparta , you 'll love this album . If you do n't like them , you should listen to this anyway . If 2004 had a better album , I did n't hear it .
 To me it has more of the ATD sound than Wiretap Scars , which is an excellent CD.Put it in your car , play it , and on the about the 3rd time through , you 'll be giving it 5 stars as well .
 A pretty short review here . It takes a few listens to really get into this one , but once this catches it is exceptional . A question
 I 'm really enjoying this - passionate vocals , intense guitarwork - It reminds me of early 90 's Manic Street Preachers , not U2 .
 After the split up of At The Drive In several years back many wondered if either of it 's two post bands -LRB- The Mars Volta , Sparta -RRB- would be able to garner enough talent individually to be even worth listening to . While Mars Volta took the more experimental and much less traveled road , Sparta stuck to a more straight foward rock formula with hints of At The Drive In sprinkled throughout.Their debut album `` Wiretap Scars '' was good , while not phenomal , definetly a worthy enough showing to solidify a fanbase . My one complaint with that album however was it did n't feel like an album , it felt like a collection of singles and less like a complete experience . `` Porcealin '' is a much different story.As soon as you hear the opening track `` Guns of Memorial Park '' you can tell the band has grown up and evolved . Each tracks seems to follow the next in perfect form , with the ocassional ambience between tracks that is tastefully placed and not overdone . If you 've been a fan of Sparta since the release of their first album then you 'll be plenty pleased with this one , that is n't to say however it wont take a few listens.The first thing that struck me after two or three listens was the shedding of the reminiscent At The Drive In sound . While one ca n't deny the band has n't lost touch with its former sound , the step foward from it can not be denied either.If you thought `` Wiretap Scars '' was lacking , `` Porcealin '' may be just what you 're looking for . I can only see the band evolving even more as time goes on , and if you have n't given Sparta a chance yet , do n't miss out .
 After a good , solid , restrained debut and a sort of fuzzy EP -LRB- which came earlier , and was re-worked for said debut album -RRB- , Sparta has returned with a more cohesive sort of album , as opposed to what I choose to term a `` collection of songs . `` This is not to say there is a thing wrong with `` collection of songs '' albums , but they are n't as interesting as a WHOLE work -LRB- better take in as the parts that make up the whole -RRB- . But that 's the last album.Porcelain has increased instrumentation , with a few short instrumental tracks interspersed between songs that are as strong as ever otherwise . I must stress that these tracks are added TASTEFULLY ; it does not feel as if it came across as `` Hey , let 's do some instrumental stuff for ` artistic ' credibility . '' They are appropriate , and `` Syncope '' is , for certain , beautiful . The lead-off song -LRB- heard on their website -RRB- , `` Breaking the Broken , '' oddly does not feel as if it should be the stand-alone light to guide the unfamiliar toward the album . I would have chosen `` La Cerca '' for its strong , and quite catchy , chorus.Still . Quibbles on marketing decisions are n't terribly relevant to the album 's quality , are they?The title is an appropriate one -LRB- though I fear the prejudicial cynics may find it appropriate for wholly immature reasons -RRB- in that the sounds of the record -LRB- including an interesting sort of harmonic sound to `` While Oceana Sleeps '' and some very , very subdued strings -RRB- are very smooth and calm , and very ... well , `` swirling '' is the word that comes to mind . The rhythm section is tight as usual , especially Tony 's drumming , but the songs swirl nonetheless , even if it is very restrained and planned swirling . Reminiscent -LRB- very faintly -RRB- of the sort of atmosphere of My Bloody Valentine 's Loveless in a way.By far the biggest surprise from a band known for tight and ` simple ' rock -LRB- in the sense of containing distinct choruses much of the time -RRB- is the nearly 9 minute `` From Now to Never . `` It 's not a repetition of the same idea for 9 minutes by any stretch , as it mutates into various different ideas , including some fairly instrumental stretches , with mere whisps of Jim 's vocals in the background . The mutations are very natural and flow well though , and so it works very well for a group from which nothing of the like has previously been heard.Highly reccommended .
 Porcelain is an amsome album . Personally i feel like Wiretap Scars is more `` Sparta '' than Porcelain , but that is just my opinion . There is less screaming in this album and more singing . I feel as if the lyrics dropped down a notch also though from Wiretap Scars . Though , i completely understand now after reading many reviews and interviews with Sparta , that the band felt Jim needed to live up to his job as the singer/songwriter and write the lyrics , and he wrote about his life , and what he wanted and felt , and the lyrics arnt about how we are , even though i can connect with Jims lyrics , but are about his emotions.The stand out songs on this album for me are While Oceana Sleeps , La Cerca , End Moraine , Tensioning , From Now to Never and Splinters . Even more than Wiretap Scars , this album can paint pictures in your head .3 . While Oceana Sleeps - this song starts out with a little guitar thing that carries on through the song . this song along with Lines in Sand give me strong pictures of being on the beach . i really like that . The powerful ending and lyrics `` these tides sweep us out of reach '' and each guitar riff reminds me of a wave4 . La Cerca - probably the most catchy song on the album . its always in my head , especially the chorus , which i really connect with ... `` i was raised in a certain way , and i think ive let you down '' its awsome7 . End Moraine - this song is awsome . it seems like Jim is giving a verbal attack at something or someone . im not sure though . the bass is awsome , the guitars are awsome , and the drums and the vocals ... it might be my favorite.also really try and listen to the drums in this song especially . you will realize how good a drummer tony is .10 . Tensioing - slower type of song , but one of the most moving ive ever heard . its awsome , and you will love it . a must hear off this album .13 . From Now to Never - amazing song . . runs about 8 and a half minutes . the first half is real good with different guitar parts that will never bore you and has your ears listening and intertwined with them . the second half goes into a slow , moledic , beatiful piano , soft singing song . it is absolutely amazing . it gives me chills along with some of my other favorite sparta songs . no other band has ever done that to me .14 . Splinters - an awsome song . good guitar work done by jim and paul , strong vocals ... great ender.In conclusion this album is really good . and is also a must have . nothing else better these days . although in my opinion Wiretap is personnaly better , i can tell Sparta has grown as a band and will keep on getting better .
 Reading through the other reviews posted here , I ca n't believe some of the things I 'm seeing ! To the reviewer who thought it ` bland ' because he listened to a friends copy whilst at work ... . do you really think 1 listen is enough to warrant a review ? Or any of the reviewers for that matter?This album is a brilliant album . It 's different enough from Wiretap Scars , whilst still remaining close to their roots . If you have a winning formula , why change it ? The band have moved on well in my opinion . The material is fresh and a natural progression from Wiretap.The main difference that I have found so far in how the albums have grasped me , is that Wiretap grabbed me immediately , whereas the songs on Porcelain seem to have more of a ` growing on you ' effect . This is not to say they are n't jsut as good if not better as the Wiretap tracks , just how it happened for me!As for the actual music , I think it 's an extremely solid production , I do n't find myself hitting the skip button at all when listening . Each track can stand on its own as a good track . The absolute standouts for me are Tensioning and Splinters . What amazes me about sparta is the way in which , upon repeat listens , one can pick out subtle new riffs and elements to songs not heard previously . Each track has managed to get stuck in my head at different points since i bought it , which is pretty rare ! I own upwards of 150 album , and Porcelain is definately , even after only 1 month of owning it , one of my best buys ever.If there is one gripe I have with this album , and it is SLIGHT , but it is that ` From Now to Never ' -LRB- brilliant track ! -RRB- should end at about 5 minutes , but instead launches into a weird 3 minute slow piano driven fadeout including random french speaking , it just seems a little out of place , and disrupts the flow a little . But again , this gripe is minor . A STRONGLY recommended album for all .
 What to do when you have one of the coolest band names in history . Simple really , first , after breaking up with your underground ingenius punk band , you start a post hardcore band and name it Sparta . You simplify the post punk arrangements you worked on with your ex-posse and create a concentrated , bitter rock record , allowing for some sublime stretches , but screaming a lot , a whole frickin lot . You pen cryptic verses and name it Wiretap Scars . Now your band name is not only one of the coolest ; you 've also taken the cake for record title . Where can you go?Well , you pare it down even more , turn down the knob on the anger and focus on the sparse rock feel even more , allow the beautiful moments to breathe . Right down to the artwork and title of the new Sparta record , one will note the simplification . Whereas the artwork from Wiretap Scars was a myriad of colors and images , visual non sequitirs and what the bloody hell images , Porcelain provides stark bleached liner notes and a single image , an artsy swan.It would seem that the music inside said package would also be more simple . And it is at some points . Take the snappy searing pop perfection of `` Hiss the Villain '' or the single , the poorly named -LRB- okay , they can have one lousy song name and that 's all -RRB- `` Breaking the Broken . '' At the same time , simplicity is not even in the picture
 I wo n't make this too long of a review , I promise . Sparta 's latest is actually a pretty good album overall . The performances are all well done , the songs themselves are well written and the album just sounds good altogether . Two things still need work
 `` Porcelain '' is Sparta 's second full-length release and they seem to be finding their niche as a group . Not to say that by anymeans there is lack of musical talent in this group -LRB- ex-At the Drive-In -RRB- . But they seem to have grown in complexity and beauty of melody and rhythm . Sparta always seems to be the answer to the question of `` What if At the Drive-In and Sunny Day Real Estate got real drunk one night and got it on ? '' This is what their child might sound like . And , I can confidently say that `` Porcelain '' would make those parents proud .
 Sparta gets a bum rap . I wo n't bore you all by regurgitating already known information about the ATD-I split , etc , etc. . But I sincerely think that Sparta is underrated . Sure , the Mars Volta are a tremendously unique band , overflowing with ideas and talent , and they 're able to convey some of these great ideas quite well with good songs . But then again , some of their other stuff bores the crap out of me and comes off as overly pretentious . I 'm sorry if I offended any of the so-called music connoisseurs out there , but it seems like I 'd have to be under the influence of some weird drug to fully appreciate their music . Since I 'm not a regular user of recreational drugs , some complications arise . And I 'm not going to jump on the bandwagon and pretend to know what I 'm talking about when it comes to music . The truth is , my tastes are much more refined than that of your average SPIN magazine hipster.That being said , I love this album . The songs are all solid and well put together and the hooks are ever so strong . The only reason I give it four stars is because Sparta have yet to fully move out of ATD-I 's shadow . Certain songs , particularly the closing track , `` Splinters '' echo too much of ATD-I . Other than that , buy this cd . If you like good , tight , post-hardcore , you 'll enjoy it .
 I love this album , definitely one of my favorites.I also think it 's quite ridiculous that The Mars Volta and Sparta are being constantly compared judt because they branched off from one band . They sound nothing alike . It 's like comparing apples and oranges - completely pointless . Just enjoy the music that you prefer , although you can enjoy both bands too . Stop competing over who 's better , it just makes you look stupid because you obviously ca n't tell that they do n't have the same sound at all . Please do n't be dumb .
 A great album . Porcelain is very moving and tons of energy to accompany it !
 Although it lacks the same energy and embrace as `` Wiretap Scars , '' this album certainly packs a rockin ' punch . The only downside is `` While Oceana Sleeps '' because it sounds too similar to something Puddle of Crap -LRB- Mud -RRB- would write . `` Lines in the Sand '' and `` From Now to Never '' are the best tracks on the record , but that 's not to say all other songs are n't worth a solid listening . Thank God Sparta have not suffered the same flushing toilet fate as Mars Volta since their At The Drive-In schism . `` Porcelain '' is a surefire album destined to remain vivacious in your c.d. player for many weeks to come . Regardless of whether or not you enjoy the album , Sparta put on one helluva slammin ' show .
 Fans of The Mars Volta need to chill out a little . Sure they 're good and they have a unique sound , no one 's arguing that . But Sparta also has a unique sound , kind of raw and a little grungier , with amazing vocals and solos . It improves upon their last cd which I thought would be near impossible , since it is one of my favorite albums . So for all those people reading these bs reviews that rip Sparta , pick up both cds and decide for yourself . If you are n't just a follower , like the STUPID MARS VOLTA FANS , you will distinguish this is GREAT MUSIC and fall in love with this album .
 `` wiretap scars '' was a really cool cd with some great high points . with `` porcelain , '' sparta came back with a much fresher , more positive vibe and more shiny production . the lyrics are about changing your life around and all that jazz . as far as catchy alt-rock emotional distorted tunes like sparta are so good at , you 're not going to find any other band doing it better . the whole album is enjoyable . you can tell the band and the singer were willing to take risks here in trying something new . it works best for the first 5 songs , where each song is better than the last , which is a pretty amazing effect . things get slower toward the end songs , but they 're still good . i do n't skip any songs and that 's a good thing . if you do n't like this cd ... sorry , go listen to the mars volta or whatever . but if you like this type of music , you wo n't be disappointed . my only criticism is the singer perhaps does the screaming thing too much , and the lyrics are perhaps cliche sometimes . other than that , it 's GREAT . not many rock bands TRULY `` rock '' these days , except for cursive . it 's hard to think of any others . rock is now deader than dirt . we 're a long way from the 90 's days of the smashing pumpkins and nirvana . every band is adopting some fad to get famous with the kids . so do n't miss out if someone brings the goods to the table . and check them out live , they 're good . and PLEASE STOP with the ATDI comparisons , sparta is their own band , they have nothing to do with ATDI . `` relationship of command '' was a great album , but that was years ago and a different band , different singer , different writers .
 There are 5 totally rocking tracks on this disk -LRB- the last 9 are kinda generic -RRB- . The good tracks are simply as good as indie rock gets
 Porcelain is an excellent album , and can be listened to straight through . Tracks like `` End Moraine '' and `` Splinters '' are reminiscent of ATDI without going back in time . `` While Oceana Sleeps '' is a beautiful song that definitely has the potential to hit you emotionally . Overall , the album is quite good . Jim Ward 's vocals and lyrics on this album are improved on Porcelain as well . Overall , the album seems finished , a complete opus , whereas Wiretap Scars was blundered in post-production ... Sparta has definitely found an audience with me ... To compare Sparta with the Mars Volta seems somewhat odd . ATDI had the unique and experimental combined with the conveyance of raw emotion , which was something that made that band great . the Mars Volta focuses more on the experimental , and tries -LRB- quite successfully I might add -RRB- to express the emotion in a different way . Sparta though criticized by many for not having an overly unique sound -LRB- largely I suspect due to the fact that it is hard not to be overshadowed by a band as unique as the Mars Volta when you sprung forth from the same Mother -RRB- . I encourage everyone to listen to this album and stop trying to make comparisons . Both bands are great .
 Porcelain is a big step up from Wiretap Scars . I enjoyed Wiretap , but it felt a little dyslexic . Porcelain is a more complete album and enjoyable from beginning to end . They really come into their own here.I personally enjoy Sparta much more than The Mars Volta . The Mars Volta seems to `` try '' to be different too much . I listen to a lot of off the wall music from Dream Theater-type prog to Tool to thrash & hardcore , but The Mars Volta seems stretched too thin a little bit.As for Sparta , they just wrote a damn good album , and people should appreciate it for that . If people are expecting something musically and cacophanically groundbreaking , look elsewhere , or just relax and enjoy yourself by putting on this album . Very textured and layered .
 What 's wrong with a band `` branching out '' and experimenting with their music ? Sparta has really grown up since thier first album . Jim Ward 's voice `` booms '' during the song `` Guns of Memorial Park '' and the lyrics are awesome ! Someone else try and decipher the meaning to the lyrics . The song `` Tensioning '' is powerful accompanied by a beautiful guitar . Ward sounds really `` hurt '' in this song and reading the lyrics will make you see that he is describing very troubling times .
 This second album by Sparta shows them quietly becoming the progressive leaders in their chosen field of emo/screamo , and it 's a significant step forward from their debut . A focus on strong songwriting , skillful musicianship , and emotional maturity has vaulted Sparta far beyond the bleeding hearts and histrionics of many of the field 's other practitioners , such as the much more pretentious Dashboard Confessional . The biggest winners here include the darkly moody `` La Cerca , '' the high-flying `` Breaking the Broken , '' and the slow-burn aggression of `` Hiss the Villain . '' A real surprise comes in `` Lines in Sand , '' a shimmery power ballad that sounds like it was recorded at the edge of the deep blue sea.The unsung hero of Sparta 's musical attack is drummer Tony Hajjar , who is one of rock 's great hidden secrets , laying down incredibly versatile and insistent beats in a non-flashy but impressive fashion . Hajjar even gets a prog solo , unheard of in today 's modern rock , in `` P.O.M.E. '' Bassist Matt Miller , barely noticeable on the last album , has improved significantly and adds a strong bottom end to the screamo acrobatics . Unfortunately , a minor weak point in Sparta 's methodology is the monotonous , high-pitched solos of guitarist Paul Hinojos , which are good for atmospherics only , and even drag down some portions of the otherwise super-powerful tracks `` End Moraine '' and `` Splinters . '' Hinojos ' guitar skills leave a little to be desired , and he should still be playing bass , which he thunderously for Sparta 's predecessors , you-know-who . On vocals , Jim Ward 's reach sometimes exceeds his grasp , though he is becoming an outstandingly literate and articulate lyricist . Many of the songs here have the feel of a respected elder giving the listener wizened advice , without sappiness or over-emotionality -LRB- not bad for a guy still in his twenties -RRB- . Most moving are the losses of loved ones in both `` Death in the Family '' and `` Travel by Bloodline , '' followed by a birth in `` From Now to Never . '' Pay attention to Sparta because they are defining a young genre and making it their own . -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 Sparta 's alnum `` Porcelain '' is a treat to listen to . While I do n't think its the deepest album on the market today , Sparta has def . developed a knack for writing a catchy tune . As other reviewers have stated , the lyrics leave a little to be desired . The lyrics for `` Travel By Bloodline '' are quite genereic , Fear not though , the generic lyrics are wholly made up for by a great rythm section and tight sounding guitar work . I saw Sparta a month ago and they sounded very tight as a group live even though they admitted they were a littl nervous for it being their first ever show in FL.Skip the first two tracks . `` Guns of Memeorial '' is a decent opener , but `` Hiss the Villian '' has one of the worst choruses to ruin a good verse . Standout tracks include , While Oceania Sleep , Travel By Bloodline , Breaking The Broken , and Tensioning . Oh and for everyone going to see Sparta I 'll give you a heads-up . The songs you like and think work on the album you will love in concert . The songs you loathe and think do n't work , you will REALLY loathe and REALLY think they do n't work
 Before I bought this album I only knew two Sparta songs . When I heard they were going to play again after 4 years of not doing so this past November 17 , 2011 , I bought this album . It is one of the best albums I 've ever heard . I keep listening to it from beginning to end and they are even more amazing live ! I have not heard their other two albums but after listening to this one I can tell you I 'll be doing so soon .
 I was disappointed at first but this album grows on you . Every Sparta album slightly matures more and more and porcelain was somewhat of a huge step . Please come back sparta , I miss you !
 I 've been unable to get this CD out of my stereo rotation since the day it was released . It 's that good . Everyone loves to compare Sparta to The Mars Volta or argue who 's better just because they both came out of At The Drive-In , but they 're completely different bands and sounds and there 's hardly a comparison to be found , aside from subtle nods to ATDI in the form of the occasional dischordant guitar or odd time signature , especially on this album . Sparta is the more solid rock-driven and catchier side , while TMV is the more progressive and experimental side -LRB- and yes , you ARE allowed to be a fan of both ! -RRB- . Where `` Wiretap Scars '' was a great debut that merely suggested that Sparta were their own entity , `` Porcelain '' proves it beyond a doubt . Sparta have tightened their sound , and have really stepped up their songwriting abilities . My first few listens through , I instantly liked it , but upon repeated listens I 'm still blown away by the subtle layers they put in their songs . Each time I listen , I notice something new in one song or another . To me , Sparta is the perfect mix of catchy rock and intelligent songwriting . While I think Jim Ward 's lyrical writing has taken a slight step down from ` Scars ' , it seems that he sings with more feeling this time around , so the difference is negligible . Current favorites of mine include the single `` Breaking the Broken '' , as well as `` Death in the Family '' , and `` End Moraine '' . There 's no `` sophomore slump '' for this band whatsoever . I hope for great things for this band 's future , because they 're already on a major roll.If you 're feeling ambitious , or want to grab an import of this CD , try to track down the UK bonus track `` Farewell Ruins '' , and the two extra tracks not on the US release of ` Wiretap Scars ' , `` Vacant Skies '' and the excellent `` Each Brave Eye '' . If you like what you hear on Sparta 's albums , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I really enjoy this album , though I am disappointed that it was delivered by Sparta . The band which had a very unique release with Wiretap Scars seems to have gotten sucked into the mainstream formula of making music . No bad , but I find the sound of this album to be far more generic than their previous effort . Porcelain is still fun to listen to though , regardless . Catchy , energetic , and somewhat moody ... despite the lyrics being rather shallow . The instrumental and drum solo are nice touches . My recommendations to check out would include ` While Oceana Sleeps ' , ` End Moraine ' , and ` Tensioning . ` If you did n't like Wiretap Scars because of its raw sound , give Sparta another shot and try this one out - it is much more polished and may hold new appeal . For those like me who loved Wiretap for its intensity and style , you 'll probably miss the classic Sparta intrigue .
 I think Sparta have finally carved their niche with this album and proved that they can do amazing things post At The Drive-In . Amazing songs pretty much throughout , especially with `` While Oceana Sleeps '' , Breaking The Broken '' , `` Travel By Bloodline '' . The closer to the album `` Splinters '' is absolutely amazing . All in all I think a very strong follow-up album to Wiretap Scars . The only reason I 'm giving it 4/5 is because I think the production and mixing is a little below what Jerry Finn can do . But again this is simply my opinion and I do realize that they were probably going for a `` rawer '' sound that the last album .
 I was hesitant to buy this one , as I thought their first album was just OK , but since I knew they were talented , I rolled the dice . Once it entered my car player , it stayed there for over a week straight . -LRB- That can only happen with a great opening track , which this of course has -RRB- Great vocals , lyrics , driving rhythm section , even a semi drum solo that is mixed in a cool stereo manner . I dig this album , hope you do too .
 After the break-up of the revolutionary pop-punk group At the Drive-In , members fell into two different groups
 this cd is awesome . tho i wont say its an improvement from wiretap , they do experiment a little . tracks 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 8-10 , and 14 are all good tracks IMO . but the stand outs are tensioning and while oceana sleeps .
 You thought Wiretap Scars was good ? In all honesty , this album makes Wiretap scars sound like a demo , and I 'm sure -LRB- or I hope -RRB- everybody knows how good the first album was.Following the split up of At the Drive in , the members of the band formed two groups
 Wiretap Scars was amazing , and I was wary of the followup . Fortunately , Sparta knows what they 're doing , focuses on developing their former sound instead of trying too hard to reinvent themselves for the new ablum , and the result is solid.There 's not much change musically , just variety , although on a whole the ablum is a lot less gloomy . So far , none of the tracks are as memorable as `` Glasshouse Tarot , '' `` Air , '' or `` Cut Your Ribbon , '' but on the other hand it 's also not one of those mediocre albums where every song blends together.This album is definitely satsifying and definitely one of the best I 've heard all year .
 Wow , what an incredible album . The album kicks in with the song Guns of Memorial Park , which is a great start to the album . It really sets you up for something special . The funky guitar riffs remind me of John Frusciante 's genius , and the lead singers voice blends in very nicely with the sound . This band is such a breath of fresh air in the rock community , cause god knows it needs it . My favourite tracks on the album are ` Lines In The Sand ' , ` From Now To Never ' and ` While Oceania Sleeps ' . I recommend this album to fans of Mars Volta , and fans of rock in general . Please get this album , you owe it to yourself .
 So yeah this CD may not have as much energy as Wiretap Scars . But it is still an outstanding , emotional albumn . If you are any kind of fan of these guys or ATDI , you wont be let down . Almost every song packs a punch , and leaves one wanting to crank their radio a little bit louder each time they listen to it . This CD will grow on you if permitted . You will hear people complain that these guys `` sold-out '' since leaving ATDI , and that the Mars Volta did things `` the right way . '' Thats really all a bunch of BS . If a band still rocks and sounds good in their own right then who really cares . Sparta does n't really sound like any one else out there , and they should be respected , if anything , for that . Sure Mars is good , but they are very different all together than Sparta . They are supposed to be . So to all those critics of Sparta , I say let do n't worry so much about selling out , -LRB- any band that can be found on Amazon technically sold out including Mars Volta -RRB- , and start focusing on the music . Sparta is a very talented , and driven band , and it shows through their music !
 I 've actually never listened to this album , but I just want to support Sparta as much as possible to piss off the guys in Mars Volta . After listening to the new Mars Volta album , Frances the Mute , I may have to actually buy 50 copies of Porcelain just to make myself feel better.I have listened to Wiretap Scars , by the way , which on a scale of one Mars Volta to ten Mars Voltas , I give a 15,000 .
 I own this CD and have enjoyed it . I read another review by a Celtic music snob . He said her earlier CD , `` The Water Is Wide '' by Orla was better . I dont know how to break it to him but `` The Water Is Wide '' was by Orla Fallon , Orla Fallon is the Orla of Celtic Woman . Not Orla Sweeney . I would have thought a snob would have immediately recognised the different voice . Kind of like comparing Elvis to Little Richard . Both are good but completely different . And an easy hint would to be to read the jacket.Anyway , I personally enjoyed it and play it ofton.I also have Water is wide and have enjoyed it as well .
 So I think we 've all attempted to set the self-appointed `` Irish music snob '' straight . For such a `` connoisseur '' he sure does n't know his artists , mixing up two entirely different women . Anyway , this Orla -LRB- Orla Sweeney , NOT Orla Fallon of Celtic Woman , for all you who are still confused thanks to the `` snob '' -RRB- is a refreshingly different Irish musician . Her father wrote some of the compositions , and Orla 's voice is hauntingly gorgeous . Her music is very clean and unique . `` Together '' is my favorite track by a landslide , though the rest of the album is beautiful as well . I have listened to `` Together '' countless times in the past eight years or so , simply falling to sleep by it on a rainy day . Orla 's voice evokes the misty green cliffs of Ireland , and many of the songs are wonderfully melancholy , just perfect for meditation , study , or napping on a dreary day . I love that she has mixed in a good bit of Gaelic as well .
 I love this womans voice , and music is very relaxing . Wish I understood some of the gaelic .
 This Cd is basically a cover of Christina Aguilera 's Songs . The Track Listing Is
 It had to be God 's Providence . Bill Gaither and the members of the Vocal Band at that time invited a few friends and mentors to join them in the Gaither 's studio to record `` Where Could I Go . '' But `` it just so happened '' that the cameras kept rolling when the song was finished . What we see after that are the testimonies and prayers that these Christian friends share and the spontaneous songs and harmonies that flowed from their stories . This video deserves much more than the tag `` collector 's item . '' Rather , it captures the spirit of Southern Gospel music . When I saw this for the first time almost 20 years ago I smiled and cried as I sang along . I grew up with these voices in my head , their songs part of my spiritual heritage . It was like ... coming home .
 We are thrilled to have received ` The Gaither Vocal Band
 I have 4 kids 2 with a disability and this song melts my heart everytime I hear it and gives me so much hope.I really cry everytime I listen to it.When you believe , miracles do come true .
 This song is really inspirational.No other music can sound better than this !!! : -RRB-
 Mariah and Whitney are -LRB- together with Celine Dion and Aretha Franklin -RRB- the greatest singers alive ! They really show their voices power in this song , and they made a wonderful job together ! Well done , girls ! Well done !
 I used to have the Album/record of this CD ... and it got lost when my family moved . . I found the CD to be just like having the album and it is one of my best CD 's in my collection . The seller sent it and the CD arrived right on time and was brand new . I will order from this dealer again.John GreenLong Branch , NJ
 This CD arrived in excellent condition . Lots of nostalgic tunes . The music was as expected with a bonus extended version of Hit and Run .
 If you enjoy good adult humor ... this is the music for you . Very funny , but certainly R rated .
 Havent been able to find this album in years . Great buy ! If you have n't heard it and like odd ball music with a flare of ronchyness this is it
 Had the cassette when I was 16 , missed having it and had the chance to purchase it again . Fast shipping , great condition , just love it !
 First off ... Honesty . Make sure the young ` uns are n't in the room . Not so much for bad words , but , the content.HOWEVER , if you are comedy minded , a bit silly at heart , and maybe , just plain twisted it is for you.A good ole buddy Dave Allgren -LRB- Rest in Peace Super Dave -RRB- introduced me to the Pic Vomit music years ago . Then it became a quest to find it on tape . If that was n't tough enough , in the modern age of technology to find it on disc or otherwise I thought would be imposssible . Until ... I got into the computer/internet thing a few yrs . back.Then one day I took another chance , and , BAAAAAAM !!!! There it was here on good old Amazon.com . I was so excited I thought I was gon na wet myself ... ooops sorry , to much honesty.I am 43 yrs . old and still get a kick out of the music . Like I said before , If you live for wild , twisted musick , err umm , I mean music ... Here it is in it 's wildest form .
 This movie belongs in your collection , along with `` The Last Picture Show '' . Something like a western , but not . I was pleasantly surprised , when I saw Katy Jurado in it . One of my favorite western actresses . And , one of the very few hispanic actors of the old west . I liked her in `` High Noon '' . And Penelope Cruz , her first English movie . I like the mix of friends that big boy and Pete have . They seem to have good chemistry , like `` sticking closer than a brother '' , Chicanos and gringos together fighting off the bad guys . Awesome ! And the music is out of this world . No one else could have pulled it off like Don Walser did . Music of the times , the dying west . This movie is worth it , if only to see him perform live . But all the actors do a marvelous job here . Sam Peckinpah would be very proud . I would have picked ten stars , if available !!!
 Hearing Don Walser in the movie -LRB- good movie too -RRB- , got me to buy this CD . I 'm not a big-time CM fan but I do know talent and good music -LRB- there 's not a genre that I have n't found music I like -RRB- ... Anyway with Hank Williams , Jeff Beck-Willie Nelson , and others , you ca n't go wrong with this CD . Good choice for the occasional CM listener .
 I 'll declare from the outset that I have n't seen the film , so I do n't know if the music unfolds on the disc in the same order as it does in the film . My guess is probably not , and therefore the -LRB- much less interesting -RRB- orchestral score would n't drag the chain like it does on the cd - which is very much an album of 2 distinct halves . The initial block of country , country swing , `` novelty '' and tex/mex tracks move along very nicely until the disembodied dynamics of the orchestral movements grind towards a finale . Still , the format does make it easier to switch off after the first section , rather than skipping tracks here and there . Hey , maybe that 's why the distributors did it that way . Doh !!
 For a moment , I hesitated to buy a single CD ... I am so glad that I did ! This CD is a joy from beginning to end . The music is beautifully played as one would expect . Selections from My Funny Valentine to Beethoven 's Minuet in G show his versatility . However , the priceless part of this CD is the 12 `` Interludes '' between the 13 tracks of music . Larry comments on anecdotes about the selection , the composer and tosses in jokes , some quite blue , and tells of his long life and his problems with the McCarthy era . His meetings with Gershwin , Ellington , Holliday and others are charming and hilarious.Get this wonderful CD , you wo n't regret it .
 This is the first project from Rock County but the members of this band have been around the block more than once . Serving time with many great bluegrass outfits including -LRB- but not limited too -RRB- , The Lonesome River Band , The Reno Brothers , Longview , Lonesome Standard Time and Unlimited Tradition . They have proven themselves to be excellent vocalists and instrumentalists in the past.This album is a solid effort , a good starting point for the band . But I felt that they played it safe a little too much . I expected more songs written by these high profile artists that have proven they can write their own material and deliver it with gusto , but they went elsewhere for all but two of the tracks . Perhaps they needed to feel each other out a bit . Highlights include `` Turn it On - Turn It On - Turn It On '' and the sentimental `` It 'll Get You Where Your Going '' . There are many great vocal moments and harmonies that will send chills up your spine.I ca n't wait for the follow up and hope to see them live soon . if you like bluegrass you will enjoy this CD .
 This CD is a great representation of the vocals that have taken bluegrass by storm , there is no better in the business that Dpn Rigsby , he is awesome , every member of this band , has great bluegrass experience , and even though I was sad that Don left Lonesome River Band , I really think he has a great thing going with his new band Rock County , if you want to make a good purchase and have a complete CD of songs that are great then this is the cd for you . . give it a try ...
 I love this album and every bluegrass listener should have it a part of their library .
 These guys have put a great band together and it has paid off with a great album . Wonderful balance of vocals with some wicked fiddlin ' . Not a widely known group but they should be ! Real down home bluegrass sound with crisp clean lyrics and instrumentals . Ca n't say enough !
 this release is pretty nasty , but predominantly acoustic , and not quite as adventurous . GO with GLazed Popems if u have not already ... then Naked , Stoned and Stabbed .
 Track Listing :1 . THE TURTLES
 Track list :1 . Liar , Liar - The Castaways2 . Long Tall Sally - Little Richard3 . Spooky - Classics IV/Dennis Yost4 . To Know Him Is to Love Him - Teddy Bears5 . Surf City - Jan & Dean6 . Runaway - Del Shannon7 . Baby I 'm Yours - Barbara Lewis8 . Nice to Be With You - Gallery9 . When a Man Loves a Woman - Percy Sledge10 . Show and Tell - Al Wilson11 . Hurt - Timi Yuro12 . Midnight Confessions - The Grass Roots13 . She 's Not There - The Zombies14 . Sheila - Tommy Roe15 . Those Were the Days - Mary HopkinI recently checked this volume out from my local library . A great compilation and very good sound quality . I was surprised and impressed . I ended up ordering the full three disc set - and glad I did .
 I thought I was buying a compilation of original recordings that I had heard and loved while listening to them on the radio . Several of them are one-hit wonders . Imagine my surprise as , while listening , I realized that these for the most part are not original recordings , but are studio recordings by the original artists.For me it is like having the artists in my living room or car , singing their special spin on fond aural memory.A couple of the songs are hilarious spins . For example , `` Tell Laura I Love Her '' almost got me in an accident when I was driving it was so hilaripoignant . There is a song about a mule skinner on one of the CDs I never heard before . It sounds like a mule skinner on moonshine to me ! lolYou will be lucky to find the recordings I was lucky enough to stumble across in this 3-disk compilation . Good luck to you in finding them !
 I grew up listening to 50 's and 60 's music . I have many CD 's in my collection and this is one of my favorite sets . It 's not perfect , Hey , this is not a perfect world we live in . Most of the selections are just like I remember from the `` good old days '' .
 I have not heard the CD , yet . -LRB- sorry -RRB- But have spent some time this afternoon tracking down info on the piece that was played as Pres Reagan was carried from the National Cathedral.It took a bit of searching to come up with a loose title to the piece and some names . But I am not certain that I have the correct score.Can someone verify that the processional piece at the end of the service was a rendition from this CD ? Which track?It almost sounded like two items , one with the words `` the mansions of the Lord '' and a second , more eloquent anthem , that they continued to play in cycle.Thank you
 My father was a helicopter pilot in the 1st Cav in Vietnam , and I grew up without a clue of what he did there until I saw We Were Soldiers . Let me tell you , it is the strangest thing seeing the helicopters flying in this movie knowing that one of them represents the chopper that my dad was flying , since he took part in the battle portrayed in the movie . The score to this movie is excellent . I was a bit dissappointed that this cd seems to have a different mixing or something than what was in the movie though , as some of the tracks sound a lot different than they did in the movie , especially those containing the `` Sgt. MacKenzie '' parts ... it sounds like a different person singing them . The best tracks to me were Flying High , More Telegrams , and the last 5 on the CD . This music is just wonderful music . Thats all I can really say about it . It just totally captures the spirit of the movie and the emotions of all who fought in the war .
 This beautiful score brings back the emotions of a greatfilm . Hopefully Glennie-Smith -LRB- and the movie itself -RRB- will be remembered at Oscar time . In the meantime , please buy this CD , and see/buy/rent the movie .
 This is NOT the `` soundtrack '' , ie it has the music that was actually IN the movie . If you are a fan of Hans Zimmer 's THE THIN RED LINE or BLACK HAWK DOWN , or if you enjoy any of Nick Glennie-Smith 's scores -LRB- THE ROCK , HIGHLANDER ENDGAME -RRB- , get this . Though it has little action music , it is very dramatic , and really showcases NG-S 's ability to write moving music . -LRB- It should be a no-brainer for MediaVentures ' fans -RRB-
 it announces the dawn of a terrible war . Nick has landed a new REFERENCE work here , I 'm sure he will get lots of high level soundtracks to do in the near future.This soundtrack is immensely powerful and moving . I strongly urge you to listen to it on a powerful system with deep bass capacities ! . I HIGHLY recommend it . Repeted listenings is unavoidable , it 's so much deep and moving . the movie itself was reference imho .
 Vietnam has been considered America 's dirty little war and for many is a low point in American military history . However people tend to ignore the heroic behavior of American soldiers , an idea is countered by the Randall Wallace film we were soldiers . To score this movie , Wallace turned to Nick Glennie-Smith , a protege of Hans Zimmer and the composer of the score for Wallace 's first film , Man in the Iron Mask . Glennie-Smith did a fine job on that score , but his score for We Were Soldiers far outdoes Man in the Iron Mask . He brings a different look to a war film . There are plenty of military sounding drumbeats , but its the themes that are different . Rather than have a theme that is strident and bombastic , Glennie-Smith went for a combination of mournful yet respectful music bolstered by a beautifully rendered hymn . Glennie-Smith 's music is great and is so well thought of that it was used during President Reagan 's funeral , an apt choice I though . Overall , I highly recommend this film .
 I 'm ordering this CD now - I , too , would like to know if the orchestral music played during the recessional - the haunting interlude a previous writer has identified - was from this same score .
 It is ok ... Some the music u did n't need it still got the soundtrack . . Overall im happy with the purchase and quality
 The basis of this movie was not warm and fuzzy . It was reality of war and a specific part of Vietnam . The music portrays the battles and emotions and being a veteran the hymn written for the movie `` Mansions of the Lord '' moves your soul even if you are n't a person of faith .
 The package arrived on schedule intact , thank you for everything.Compliments.I made '' other orders in the past and have never had any problems , compliments you for your business.Goodbye .
 What a touching movie . Well acted and terribly accurate . The horrors of War ! The score is wonderful , enhancing the movie throughout and the CD allows you to bring that score home . My favorites are track 14 , Mansions of the Lord . Every time I listen to it , it makes the hairs on my neck stand up , and bringing the scenes of the movie back to me ... a tear to my eye . Ronald Reagan asked for Mansions of the Lord to be played at his funeral . To my brothers and sisters in arms ... Strenght and Honor ... Hooah !
 Sometimes the music can make a great movie even better . This is one of those examples . The movie -LRB- which I believe is the best yet about ` Nam -RRB- would be good with complete background silence , but this score kicks it up even a few more notches . Very pleased I purchased this CD . When I listen to it , can visual the accompanying movie scenes . You know then it is a great score .
 Like the movie , this score draws the listener into the feel , action , suspense and drama of the story . Like all great scores , this too is great to listen to while reflecting on the events of the movie/true events , and/or prepare you to see it again .
 I found ` We Were Soldiers ' to be an excellent movie . It portrays the emotion of what the ground pounders faced in SE Asia early in the war , to any audience . The soundtrack is faithful to the movie . Those who have seen We Were Soldiers will feel the same emotional rollercoaster when listening to the soundtrack .
 Zimmer wrote The Thin Red Line with assistance from John Powell . Now Glennie-Smith writes an orchestral score for a Vietnam War drama . `` What is War ? '' starts with low strings then transitions to militaristic percussion and a soft French horn playing the main theme . `` Look Around You '' starts off a bit emotional with low strings sounding almost funeral like with distant-sounding bell clangs . Around 2 minutes and 45 seconds , the low strings grow silent and are replaced by a ticking clock with soft , high-pitched stings and slowly builds tension with low strings as the soldiers are leaving their homes to go off to war . The track ends with high strings and soft brass blows . `` Flying High '' is another good track which is dominated by vocals . A male voice sings the opening of the track then the songs tenses up with high strings and a female voice as the helicopters carry the soldiers to the battlefield . `` Final Battle '' is the only action song of the bunch , if I can even call it `` action '' . It starts with the same male voice from `` Flying High '' then turns into a tense , electronic percussion section before fading into a long , quiet solo of the male voice . `` Final Departure '' is the most heartbreaking song . It 's very mournfully played mainly by strings . It ends with a solo trumpet salute to the troops for their sacrifice.Wonderful score . Sadly , Glennie-Smith has n't done anything big in the States since then . I eagerly await his next big project with Randall Wallace . Until then , pick this one up with The Thin Red Line , Saving Private Ryan , Band of Brothers and The Great Raid . If you 're fortunate enough to find it , pick up U-571 as well .
 I must admit that I loved the movie and have watched it a number of times . Quite frankly the soundtrack is an experience best enjoyed while watching the film . I wish to avoid any misunderstanding and can only say that the music is both beautiful and inspired , however it loses something in the translation when it is plugged into the CD player of my convertible and not the CD player of my home theatre , right there with the movie !
 The score for the movie `` We were Soldiers '' is brilliant , in my opinion ! I feel like I am actually on the battlefiled at times ! The emotions , the struggles , the tears ... you feel it all . I would n't say that this soundtrack is groundbreaking in terms of anything new or different ... but at the same time , I feel emotionally attcahed to the movie . Train 's song is one of the hightlights of the soundtrack . I think I might be partial , simply because I liked the movie so much ... however , give it a chance , you just might like it .
 This is a great CD ! Well worth the price ! Grade
 For some reasons , most of which are related to bad publicizing , this magnificent soundtrack has n't done well in the market . Let me get things straight
 The Anthem and The `` Suite '' is featured on the album it 's title is `` Mansions Of The Lord '' , The -LRB- Suite -RRB- - -LRB- with United States Military Acadamey Cadet Gl Club & Metro Voices . though on some CD 's It 's just listed as Final Credits , the track and album is produced by Nick Glennie-SmithTo fallen soldiers let us singWhere no rockets fly nor bullets wingOur broken brothers let us bringTo the Mansions of the Lord.No more bleeding , no more fightNo prayers pleading through the nightJust divine embrace , eternal lightIn the Mansions of the Lord.Where no mothers cry and no children weepWe will stand and guard though the angels sleepThrough the ages safely keepThe Mansions of the Lord.Randall WallaceYou can see the full order of Service on The National Cathedral -LRB- ... -RRB-
 River run , The piece that was playing at the end of Reagan 's funeral at the national cathedral was the track 17 on the `` We Were Soldiers '' Soundtrack Score . It was composed by Nick-Glennie Smith and the words were written by producer/director Randall Wallace . It is titled `` Mansions of the Lord . '' Track 17 is a combination of Mansions of the Lord '' & `` Sgt. Mackenzie '' . Hope that helps . I was very impressed to see that they used this song at his funeral , it was a great tribute to a great man . Though all in all , if you liked what you heard on that particular piece this CD is very much the same way , not once do I get `` bored '' with listening to this CD .
 Anyone who enjoyed the movie and felt the incredible emotion of that movie will realise the strenghth of this wonderful score . Similar in feel to Zimmer 's `` thin red line '' with glorious string writing , this score possibly is better than anything the media ventures chief could ever come up with.Some of the tracks are 8-9 minutes long and the build-up of heartfelt music is simply wonderful . This score also includes selections of the haunting sgt McKenzie song which is very nicely mixed into two of the tracks -LRB- flying high and final battle -RRB- and the strenghth of the track `` look around you '' heard in the film as the commanders and men assemble in the early morning , is overwhelming . Nick Glennie-smith was once Zimmer 's underling , watch out Zimmer , the apprentice has learned much from the Master
 I first became aware of `` Mansions of the Lord '' as it was sung at President Reagan 's funeral recessional , and I was tremendously moved by its beauty . I purchased the sound track from `` We Were Soldiers '' and found the CD to be just as beautiful and meaningful as the final track . I was able to find download print music for `` Mansions of the Lord '' on a download site and have used it as an organ postlude at church .
 How appropriate that the end-credit score from a war movie was performed as Reagan made his final exit from his funeral . I was introduced to two incredible pieces of music from Princess Diana 's funeral
 Nick Glennie-Smith teams up with director Randall Wallace for the second time -LRB- the previous film was The Man in the Iron Mask -RRB- for a look at the emotional side of the Vietnam War in We Were Soldiers . The music really sets the stage and is the heart and soul of the film that is one of the better scores i 've heard come from a war movie . If you are expecting loads of action music , you will probably be disappointed because the music in this score conveys the emotional side of the film , with some action music present , but not much . The main theme , which is actually a song titled `` The Mansions of the Lord '' , is used throughout , as well as other thematic material that can only be described as wonderful . `` What Is War ? '' is a heroic cue with lots of snare drums , as in `` Look Around You '' , which builds and builds into an awe-inspiring track . Tibetian throat singers are featured in tracks such as `` NVA Base Camp '' , which conveys an ominous and suspenseful side of the music . `` Jack 's Death '' is somber in nature , while `` Final Battle '' is overall driving in rhythm . `` End Credits '' contains most of the thematic material used in the score , along with a full rendition of the hymn `` The Mansions of the Lord '' , which is simply outstanding . The length of this score is about 58 minutes , which gives plenty of wonderful and awe-inspiring music . Nick Glennie-Smith has outdone himself with this one .
 ... How does a fella like me , who was a Witness to the Heroism of so many in the - Valley of Death - that was the IA DRANG of 1965 , thank Music Composer . . NICK GLENNIE-SMITH . . for his . . `` WE WERE SOLDIERS '' . . Soundtrack Score that now feels like Theme Music to my Life ... ? ... His lucious strings , pleasantly thundering drums and inspiring solos and choirs put me right back at the 1st Major Battle of the Vietnam War . . and soothes me now . This is a HEALING . ... Movie Director . . RANDALL WALLACE . . has said that his outstanding film . . `` WE WERE SOLDIERS '' . . was meant to honor and heal America 's Hero Vietnam Vets . ... GLENNIE-SMITH 's . . Music quietly comes up on ya ... and captures your heart . ... My favorite Film Score has always been . . Composer JOHN BARRY 's . . lushly romantic . . `` SOMEWHERE IN TIME '' . . with JANE SEYMOUR - & - CHRISTOPHER REEVE . . . `` WE WERE SOLDIERS '' . . is a Perfect Match . ... Thank you . . NICK . . !!! ... Signed : . . - ALOHA RONNIE - Guyer / U.S. 7th Cavalry Vet-Battle of IA DRANG-1965 / Landing Zone Falcon
 Riverrun , this is the right soundtrack . The end credits contains the hymn you speak of , Mansions of the Lord , and the music that played afterwards , although not in cycle . Truly a moving ceremony and a fitting tribute to a man who will truly be missed
 This has to be one of the best war soundtracks ever ! Nick Glennie-Smith truly captured the feel and emotion of the movie `` We Were Soliders . '' Unlike most movie soundtracks , where maybe 1 or 2 tracks are good , on this one , every track is good . The most gripping tracks are 2 , 3 , 9 , 11 , 16 & 17 . The composer 's music has very powerful themes throughout and can even move one to tears . Not only is this a great CD , but it is also a great tribute to those soldiers who fought in Vietnam .
 NICK GLENNIE SMITH HAS DONE AN OUTSTANDING JOB CAPTURING THE HEART AND EMOTION OF THE FILM IN THE MUSIC . THE MUSIC IS JUST SO BEAUTIFUL AND BREATHTAKING . IT 'S MUSIC THAT YOU WILL NEVER GET TIRED OF LISTENING . I RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYONE !
 I recently purchased both Hoopnotica Beginner Levels 1 and 2 . I am new to hoop dancing and I watched both of these DVDs from beginning to end without hooping just to concentrate on the instructions . I think they are both excellent DVDs as they are very clear , organized and concise . If you are trying to decide on which one to get , I recommend that you start with the Level 1 , but really you should get both . I plan to collect these as they come out , they are really that good . -LRB- Note that these are n't exercise routine DVDs - they are for learning the techniques of hoop dancing . -RRB-
 They are n't entirely clear this is n't a linear follow up to the first DVD in the `` Series '' which is focused on technique and movement . This one is more of a straight up workout dvd that is presented over 3 levels depending on your own fitness level . It 's not bad and I do hope the series comes back .
 I really enjoy these DVDs . The instruction is very straight forward and easy to follow . I would absolutely recommend this for beginning hoop dancers !
 I know how to do a basic hula hoop around the waist and am looking for a DVD that I can get some exercise and burn some calories with.For anyone who might have viewed both Hoopnotica Beginner Level 1 and Hoopnotica Beginner Level 2 -- would you suggest I get 1 or 2 for my purpose?Thanks .
 Instead of referring to Jessye Norman as `` Diva '' , we should refer to her as the `` Supreme Diva '' . Her interpretation of French and German repertoire is unequalled . Miss Norman 's rich , oceanic voice enraptures the listener . Buy this recording ... you will not be disappointed .
 2 cds full of Popp at her glorious best , using her crystal soprano with poise , sensitivity and intelligence . No one can linger on notes with such haunting , inner reflection as she could . The mixture of coloratura and dramatic arias , bouncy operetta pieces and expressive lieder makes the perfect showcase for what her voice can do . Especially wonderful are her sweet Solveig of Grieg , moody Mahler , and a perfect rendition -LRB- very rare -RRB- of Fiordiligi 's killer aria Come scoglio from Mozart 's Cosi Fan Tutte . I have never heard anyone sing Rusalka with such atmosphere and moonlit shimmer so I 'm glad it 's again included on a Popp cd , it 's one of her stand-outs . Truly a fine collection . I only wish they had included her magnificent Queen of the Night , the most icy-glamorous , spectacularly precise Queen ever recorded . This cd has her version of the daughter instead of the mother , a poignant and heartbreaking Pamina . Lovely music from a much-missed master of her craft .
 10 years ago this coming 16th November , Lucia Popp died just 4 days after her 54th Birthday . Considering the exceptional voice , clarity , sensitivity and emotional intensity with which she performs all the songs on this album , the opera world must have been extremely shocked and saddened to lose one of its brightest and most exceptional talents , especially just a few months after the death of the great mezzo-soprano Tatyana Troyanos.As a lasting testament to her artistry , this CD represents a wide ranging repertoire from Mahler , R. Strauss , J.Strauss , Mozart , Lehar , Wagner , Dvorak and many others , showing the great diversity of voice that Lucia Popp possessed , something relatively unusual for what might be classed as a light soprano voice . She certainly knows how to use her voice to its best effect , however , and not one of the songs on this album disappoints , with the singing being exceptional throughout.She sails effortlessly through the runs of Handel 's `` Oh , Had I Jubal 's Lyre '' , conveys sublime feeling in Pamina 's aria `` Ach , Ich Fuhl 's '' , and I would go so far as to say that her interpretation of Dvorak 's `` Song to the Moon '' , from the opera Rusalka , is by far the best recording you 're ever likely to hear . Indeed , it was with this aria that I was first intoduced to the sublime voice of Lucia Popp and without hearing the track first hand , it is difficult to describe the emotions that she manages to evoke.Like the above reviewer , I would have liked to have seen her recording of The Queen of The Night aria included , as well as something from Der Rosenkavalier , but with such a wide ranging repertoire to choose from , I suppose the music company had to draw a line somewhere , otherwise they would have had too many tracks from which to choose.The best advice I can give about this CD is just to go out and buy it ! Listen to it and you will not be disappointed ! I defy anyone to say that having bought it , they have been not enjoyed it immensely !
 Although short lived , Cream had a trio with the energy of Jimi Hendrix 's Experience . Clapton got with these guys -LRB- Ginger Baker , Jack Bruce -RRB- and just layed down some of the most influential lines in Rock n Roll history . From the White Room with black curtains to the ever popular and often covered Sunshine Of Your Love , the band had some of those air guitars players playing until they could n't play no mo ' . Although the music varied a lot -LRB- anyone for tenis -RRB- the album is great ! Even if the harder stuff is wanted for your collection from the earlier days , you can not count your collection complete without the first four/five songs from this great compilation . The music I refer to most of the album , I like to call it the hardest blues you hear . C'mon , Clapton left the Yardbirds for it , you should buy them at their best !
 In regards to Eric Clapton 's recording , many of his songs after Cream , though extraordinary , lack the incredible guitar solos that are on this CD -LRB- I ca n't speak for his stuff before because I have n't heard very much of it -RRB- . I never knew that rock could be done this well before I heard this CD . `` Sunshine Of Your Love '' , `` White Room '' , and `` Crossroads '' are definately my favorites . I think `` Crossroads '' is among the best performances Clapton has ever done . Buy this CD , its the best .
 This CD has the best songs Cream ever created , with some of Clapton 's most awesome guitar work . Some of the songs include Crossroads , White Room , Sunshine of your love , Strange Brew , and many others . There simply is n't a bad track on this album . With the combination of Jack Bruce , a great bassist , Ginger Baker , the best blues drummer ever , and of course the guitar god Eric Clapton , this Rock and Roll hall of fame band present its best work in one CD .
 Quite a good repitoire of Cream classics . From `` Sunshine of your Love '' to `` I Feel Free '' , if you do n't have any Cream cds , this is the one to get.If you like The Doors , The Velvet Underground , or Hendrix , this is a top pick .
 This is the best of the best by Cream . There are no bad songs on this album . It starts with `` Badge '' , written by Eric Clapton and Beatle George Harrison , which is a very good song . Next is the classic song `` Sunshine of Your Love '' , the song that got me hooked on Cream , an excellent song and you should be ashamed of yourself if you do n't like it . Next comes `` Crossroads '' , one of my personal favorites , is the classic Robert Johnson blues song , with Eric Clapton on lead vocals . Next is `` White Room '' , which is a very good song and the other song that got me hooked on Cream . `` Born Under a Bad Sign '' comes next . It is a great bluesy song about bad luck . Next comes `` SWLABR '' , which is a good rock 'n' roll song . Next is `` Strange Brew '' which is also a good song . Next is `` Anyone for Tennis ? '' which is a nice song on the slower side . `` I Feel Free '' is a really good song and another one of my personal favorites . `` Politician '' is another bluesy song about being a Political person . Then we have `` Tales of Brave Ulysees '' , which is a great rocking song . Lastly is the bluesy `` Spoonful '' which is the longest song on the CD running at 6:29 . Overall this is a great album and i reccomend to anyone who likes Cream . For beginners , start with this , the newer `` Very Best of Cream '' , or `` Disraeli Gears ''
 ... The cover art from Disraeli Gears and Wheels of Fire ! Great music in a compact and complete retrospective . The youthful energy of these takes is balanced with virtuosity . Whoever heard a bassist play guitar-style like Jack Bruce ? Or a drummer play as conspicuously as Ginger Baker ? And , of course , who ever heard a guitarist wail like the young Eric Clapton ? Everyone should own some album with Crossroads on it . As a song not included here says , `` Those were the days . ''
 Ahh , Cream . So brief was their existence , yet so important and revolutionary . Here we have a great introduction to their work . A trio of musicians unlike any other . Jack Bruce 's voice is marvelous , as is his bass playing . Their music was very blues-based , but electrified , taken to new realms . And Bruce never resorted to the standard blues patterns . If you listen to the bass during Clapton 's -LRB- amazing -RRB- solos , you will hear a level of improvisatory interaction unheard of from bassists in rock at the time . Bruce once said in an interview
 cream were great ! my dad used to listen to this album when i was younger and i never really liked it that much ! now i am 17 i have realised how stupid i was ! obviously there are most of the classics ` sunshine of your love ' , ` white room ' etc. so if you dont own any cream then it is worth picking up ! brilliant to smoke too ! that always helps ! but i would recommend some yardbird 's stuff if you like cream and jeff beck -LRB- also brilliant -RRB- . there is n't much point writing this really cos there are plenty of people out there who know a lot more about them than i do ! but i just wanted to leave a message to the ` stoners ' who want some cool smoking music really ! so sorry , but im sure you all know the classic cream tracks anyway ! so you probably should n't be reading this ! or maybe you should ! anyway ` white room ' is one of the greatest songs in the world !! if you have n't heard any cream download that song and if you dont like it then there is no helping you !
 The british psychedelic 's rock bands studio and live track versions from their recordings is much like the anticipated `` The Very Best of Cream '' anthology compilation disc . With favorite song tunes including `` Anyone For Tennis ? '' -LRB- The Savage Seven Theme -RRB- , `` Sunshine of Your Love '' and `` Badge '' . Are highlighted masterpieces with Jack Bruce 's acoustic guitar sound effects performances right here !
 Though out of print , `` Strange Brew '' is still the best single-disc Cream sampler . All the essentials are here . `` 20th Century Masters '' is also a good sampler , but it does n't include the driving `` Born Under a Bad Sign . '' Try to find `` Strange Brew '' if you can .
 STRANGE BREW-THE VERY BEST OF CREAM
 Great songs by great musicians . I am so glad they made this album since Fresh Cream is only available on vinyl . I did n't pay as much for it as the other sellers wanted and it arrived on time and in great condition as stated . I am enjoying it a lot .
 great addition to my music collection , classic songs i can listen to over and over again , great value for what i paid for .
 I hate to say I just returned a copy of The Very Best of Cream _ the CD 's case was cracked , but the 20-song disc was filled with old Cream classics that sounded so dated _ and whose sound quality seemed so poor.Too often , best-hit albums cram enough excess cargo to screw up the whole package.I grew up on 1970s rock , so I was looking for the big hits that transcended into 70s radio.I used to have the Strange Brew LP _ it had the Cream of the Cream , as it were _ White Room , Sunshine of Your Love , Crossroads and the rest of the radio hits.Strange Brew
 I received just what I was looking for . Did this ever take me back to my youth !
 This band had a unique sound.I originaly got into this band because Kiss always mentioned this band as one of their favorite bands.As i am a huge Kiss fan , i am curious at time to listen to their musical origins.I knew Sunshine of your love and White Room.But the rest were not known at all to me.So i decided to get a copy of their best.Man i was not disappointed.Got right into it and couldnt stop playing it.Some songs seem to be addictive , probably recorded them on tapes made out of hippy weed.This collection is a must for fans of Clapton , Bruce , and Baker and the great rock of the late 60s . . Great stuff this , and i reccommend this band .
 yeah quarashi is great . the songs are awesome -LRB- weirdos the best -RRB- and the rappers are extremely talented -LRB- especially omar -RRB- . what more could you ask for ?
 there are three things in life that i cant live without
 I am totally down with this CD . Its worth the money ya smack down to get it ! Each song has a catchy mini-tune combined with total rhyme clusters . These guys are like a heavy Beastie Boys . Limp Bizkit ca n't touch 'em ! I urge any heavy metal/rap fans to get this ... you will go home happy !
 I have been a fan of Quarashi ever since they first were being played on the radio here in Arizona , and their only aired song was `` stick em up '' . Every other song is just as good or better . I would highly recommend purchasing this record , it has its cool songs , it has its more agressive songs and all pieces come together perfectly to form a piece of art . I would highly recomend it anyone who either likes rap , rock or just the casual music listener , it has songs for any mood and feeling and greatly deserves my 5 stars .
 i just got this cd today and its the best cd i own ! i love ALL of the songs and thats really rare to have all good songs on a cd . im never gon na get tired of this cd ... its great , quarashi is great , everythings great ... so yeah if youre reading this and you dont have it go out and buy it NOW cos you should ... if youre reading this and you all ready have it then you are a good person .
 Iceland has had it rough musically . About the only musical export they have had in the last 20 years was Bjork , and we all know how that turned out . However , Quarashi looks to turn that trend on its ear with their jamming CD `` Jinx '' . Though its hard to force Quarashi 's sound into a pre-fabricated mold , the best I can do is to say that they sound like 1 part Limp Bizkit , 1 part Moby , 1 part Eric the Red , and 3 parts Beastie Boys -LRB- old skool , not these year 2000 pussies that you see on the news -RRB- . If you 've only heard their song Stick Em ' Up on the Orange County soundtrack you are sorely missing out . Stick Em ' up is by far their hardest song , but other songs dabble with rapping in their native tongue , record scratching laid over with hard core baselines , and a number of other cutting edge sounds that noone has thought of yet . This is not the limp wristed sound of Dave Matthews Band , nor is it the burn everyone you 've ever known sound of Eminem ; it is more like their beer drinking love child.All said , if you are under 25 and still like a CD with a sweet beat and pumping baseline , this CD is a must for your collection .
 This album is one that I would suggest to anyone . It has a cross of Rage Against the Machine meets the Beastie Boys . I would consider this album one of my recent favorites , its a refreshing difference in todays Boy/Girl band genre .
 THIS cd is awesome . I understand the parental advisory on it . They swear like madmen in this cd , yet I still like it . I heard `` Stick 'Em Up '' on the radio , but that 's not the only reason I got this cd . There r many reasonz I got this cd , but it would take me 4ever to state them all . There r a ton of awesome songs on this cd like `` Tarfur '' and `` Weirdo '' besides `` Stick 'Em Up '' . I HIGHLY suggest this cd to ANYONE who likes rap-rock .
 I would have to say that Quarashi is the best thing since Bjork to come from the little island Iceland . They are a mixture of Linking Park meets the Beastie Boys along with an edgier 311 . Their sound is original and I do praise them for their efforts . I would like to say along all thought that above theat they are a sound of their own !!! Much love to all who read this !!! PEACE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this CD because I have heard the single Stick 'em up several times on the radio the lyric `` Im on the mic like a facist '' really jumps out and grabs you . The whole CD is really great , a good mix of hard rap metal stuff and a few slower balladish songs . Quarashi really reminds me a lot of 311 -LRB- think `` Down '' -RRB- with a little bit of Cypress Hill mixed in . Good stuff , it sounds really smooth . If you like Linkin Park or 311 or any other rap/rock stuff you will like this . -LRB- I dont really care about Limp Bizkit anymore , most everything on Chocolate Starfish or whatever is just bad , their act is getting old -RRB-
 I bought Jinx after seeing the video for `` Stick 'Em Up '' and listening to several samples at their website ... . Not since Cypress Hill has a group so effectively blurred the lines between tradtional hip-hop an rap-rock . This album shows just how effective rap-rock can be as a genre , if one approaches it correctly.How does Quarashi approach this much-maligned genre ? Quite simply , they are coming to this genre from the rap side of the equation . In interviews , the members have said that they consider themselves to be a hip-hop band more than a rock band , a view which is definately supported by mellower tracks like `` Malone Lives . `` Much of the band 's distinctivness comes from its sound , courtesy of drummer/producer Solvi 's love of industrial rock , which makes for guitar and bass samples that are much more distorted than most rap-rock . The vocals are also excellent , particularly when one remembers that Hossi , Omar , and Stoney are not rapping in their native Icelandic -LRB- except on `` Tarfur '' -RRB- . There is only one obvious mess-up -LRB- Omar tries to rhyme `` match '' and `` watch '' in `` Weirdo '' -RRB- , but it is easily ignored . -LRB- Besides , their lyrics are still more clever than Fred Durst 's . -RRB- Most of the vocals have an aggressive feel , but their is a distinct lack of angst in the lyrics themselves , most of which are about how Quarashi is better than you are . When potentially angsty subjects like drug use are addressed -LRB- `` Malone Lives '' -RRB- , Quarashi takes a laid-back approach.The songs on Jinx are split roughly in half between these styles , and the record contains excellent examples of both aggressive -LRB- `` Stick 'Em Up , '' `` Weirdo '' -RRB- and laid-back songs -LRB- `` Mr. Jinx , '' `` Malone Lives '' -RRB- . In short , this is one of the best rap-rock CDs ever , and certainly the best one released since the new millenium .
 i went into this as a skeptic because i normally stay away from todays rap rock with soo many mtv ones today such as limp bizkit linkin park pod and papa roach . but then i listened to this album from quarashi . it reminds me a lot of rage against the machine and beastlie boys as others have said . this album is more rap than rock for rap rock but is still very good . my favorite track has to be baseline it has a nice groovy bassline probally why it has the name baseline . if you like rap/rock and arent the likes like bizkit or linkin park get this album .
 ok , i just heard of Quarashi the other day on MTV2 . The first thing i thought was Beastie Boys . The second thing i thought was mixed with `` Rage against the Machine '' . yes , that 's right , this band sounds nothing like Limp Bizkit , it 's painfully obvious to me that they sound like Rage and Beasties . With that , this band f -- ing rocks . I swore to god that if i heard another rap-rock song i was going to riot . the thing abotu this band is they 're not a nu-metal band . most of the rock-rap bands are nu-metal , which means they 're depressing , dull , and boring . this band is anything but that . they 've got the melodic/funk side of the beastie boys , and the hard rock side of rancid and rage . i 'm not saying this is anything too original , cuz it 's not , but this band can really pull off a Beastie Boys version 2.0 extremely well . I ca n't wait to get the actual CD , tho i hear the albums released in Iceland are more raw sounding , and not as produced . i wish i could get an import . oh well .
 Maybe . But this is an entirely new and original sound . Quarashi -LRB- qua ra shi -RRB- is from Iceland , and they put a lot of effort into making this album . Recorded in 4 different places -LRB- Rekjavik ; Atlanta , Ga ; Los Angeles , CA ; and New York City -RRB- there 's obviously people out there who appreciate the music . It 'll seem like some of the beats and the voice of `` stoner '' the lead vocal are reminiscent of the Beastie Boys , but Quarashi is an entirely new , entirely original band . There music is hard , their music is fast , and if you 're not in the mood , it will get you there . Hitting you first with their # 1 single `` Stick 'Em Up '' , the album continues with their version of hip-hop rock , and keeps at you for 12 songs . By the end of the album , it can seem like you 've been listening to it for hours , but after only 42 minutes of hard core hip-hop , it 'll make ya want to listen to it again to make sure you did n't miss anything . After only their first album , this band I believe will remain on our radio stations for a few years , until their second album will rock the charts off the map.If you like hard core hip-hop rock , then this is definitely the album for you !
 Most definitely the best record to come out this year . From the rock of `` Stick Em Up '' to the mellow styles of `` Dive In '' this is one of the best sounding bands I 've come across in a while !!
 You like ` Stick em up , ' right ?? It 's a good one , I 'll say that fo sho !! But if you buy the album expecting the same thing . . well ... let 's just not go there . The rest of the album sounds like a mix between the Beastie Boys and the lyrics of Tommy Lee 's Method 's of Mayhem album ... -LRB- If you 've heard Tommy 's lyrics you probably know they do n't make much sense . -RRB- But the album is n't half bad ... considering I got it brand new for -LSB- price -RSB- ... It 's nothing really new ... it 's been done before , but it 's cool if you are looking for some new bands to check out .
 This CD is really awesome . That 's pretty much the only word to describe it , just awesome . I think that no matter what kind of music you like , people will like this CD . It 's just one of those things that 's hard not to like . You actually have to try and not like it , but in the end ya still like 'em . I think Quarashi is one of the best bands out there today and will be around for a long time . This whole CD is great , instead of just 2 or 3 tracks that are good , the whole CD is awesome .
 This album proves that even ridiculous genres like rap/rock are n't necessarily entirely bereft of value . If Lincoln Park are a good rap/rock band that lean heavily towards the rock side of things , Quarashi are a good rap/rock band that lean heavily towards the rap side . A lot of the vocals will remind you of maybe Fred Durst crossed with the Beastie Boys , and yes I know that probably sounds like a major turn-off . But somehow , despite the high-pitched whine inspired by Limp/Beastie music , the vocals somehow do n't really annoy me at all . In a lot of ways , Quarashi just takes the basic formula of the Beastie Boys and do it better . They throw in some really heavy guitars too , much heavier than the Beasties , so the album is n't as completely derivative as I might be making it sound.As far as the songs go , they 're pretty decent stuff , and as Quarashi brag , they 're not just trying to write an album full of hit singles . You ca n't say that about most bands these days . The album kicks off with the Brendan O'Brien-produced Stick 'Em Up , which is probably the only song that even comes close to resembling a hit on this album . Things mostly get a lot mellower on the rest of the rest of the album , although the whole album still has a pretty agressive feel to it thanks to the vocals . There are a lot of almost jazzy samples , like on the fairly laid-back 4th track . The final song is a too-brief instrumental with a weird female vocal loop.The best part about the album is that it just seems packed with energy somehow , even on the more mellow tracks . Since music right now is saturated with oh-so-blah bands like Default and Nickleback , this one sounds great just because its such a change of pace . Anyhow , check it out even if you are n't a fan of rap-rock , because Quarashi are one of the few groups that are exceptions to the rule .
 I bought this CD this off of the strength of their `` Stick 'Em Up '' video , and the rest of the CD is pretty damn good . For those who do n't know , the group is from Iceland , and Jinx is their first American release.Even though they are from Iceland , it does n't really show up much in their songs , except for `` Tarfur '' which is rapped in Icelandic . They have a sound similar to a lot of the groups out right now who rap over guitar driven tracks . The best thing I can think of is comparing Quarashi to is the Beastie Boys around the time they released `` Check Your Head . '' The lead rapper sounds a bit like the King Ad Rock with his flow and voice , and the beats just have a good funk sound with a heavy bassline for most tracks . The CD also contains a few instramentalish tracks . My 2 favorite tracks off the CD would have to be `` Weirdo '' and `` Stick 'Em Up . '' The `` Stick 'Em Up '' video is also on limited edition copies of the CD .
 Quarashi is such a great relief to any fan even remotely interested in the rap/rock genre or even the industrial genre . Their killer beats , imaginative and lively lyrics , and absolutely great guitar riffs get you up and moving and never let you stop.Quarashi 's current single Stick Em Up is a great song to get you pumped up because of the constant beats and the loud , criss-crossing guitars with a riff you wo n't forget easily.Another one of the songs on Jinx is entitled Tarfur . This happens to be the only rap song recorded and published in Icelandic . Although I doubt many people outside of Iceland will understand what is being said , the lyrics have a unique sound to them and it does n't matter that they are n't in a language you know.My personal favorite song on the new album is called Baseline . As the name suggests , the song has a heavy bass backbone . The lyrics are great and the chorus is always fun to rap along with.Overall , this is easily the best album I own and very likely to be the best until Quarashi releases another one . I recommend it to anyone and everyone . Especially fans of the Beastie Boys and Rage Against the Machine .5 stars out of 5
 I listen to ALOT of music , all types of music . By far this CD has seriously changed the way i even look at music . They are just amazing , they have Rap , pop , rock , jazz , dance everything in this CD it isnt like any Cd i have and i never came across any kind of music like this , i sware this is my favorite Cd and i made 3 backup copies just in case something ever happens to this one . Hossi , the former lead singer , has so much soul to when he raps or sings , and its really rare now to find a rapper who can rap and sing . . and when they rap , its not like normal rapping , like talking about women in a degrating way , and talking about how much cash they have and the car they drive , its actually something to think about . I first heard then when i was playing Ampitude and when i heard there song i couldnt stop replaying it on my ps2 . . and finally i looked them up on the next and brought the CD it was the best 11 dollars i ever spent.I wouldnt Trade this CD for the world , and im not kidding either . But getting to the point if you really want to hear something to get you moving this Cd is just right , Stick em up is one of them that makes you want to get up and dance . I seriously have nothing bad to say about Quarashi exsept that im terribly sorry that Hossi had to leave the band . But they have a new band leader named Tiny , hes nothing like Hossi but hes cool . Back to the point . its totally worth buying this CD , theres a song for everyone on here to match anyones taste . in you noticed , everyone on the reviews has atleast one song they liked on the CD , and thats because they dont limit themselfs to only one genre . but many so everyone has something . Well i hope this review helped you and if not then atleast i got my feelings out .
 Really love these guys . I never get tired of listing to the energetic songs while I exersize or something . I 'm not a big fan of rap mostly because rap artists ca n't really sing or carry a tune and they often just talk about how awesome they are ... but these guys know music ... the songs are filled with emotion but still maintain a high regard for the acoustics.If you like to jam while doing extreme sports , this album needs to be in your playlist .
 All the negative -LRB- and most positve -RRB- reviews for this album are that its rap-rock all the way . I really hate it when these guys are classified as washed up rap-rock and ripping off the Beasties . They are nothing like the beasties . Maybe u should actually listen to the album and hear songs like Malone Lives , Transparent Parents , and Dive In . Solvi Blondal is the best guy in laying down the beats out there today . He can take any pretty much any kind of music and make it into a rap song , like Rock -LRB- Stick em ' up , Weirdo -RRB- , Slow-grooving pop -LRB- Transparent Parents -RRB- , and Percussion based funk -LRB- Xeneizes -RRB- . And Hossi , Steni , and Omar give a a great flow to the beats . This is a great band with awesome talent that can go real far .
 I listen to many different things , because it makes me look sophisticated . So when I picked this CD up and took it home , I played it and after `` Stick 'Em Up '' I kind of squinted . `` Stick 'Em Up '' is followed by this strange sounding jazz-sample type song . A song which had nothing `` rock '' about it . There are semi-metallic songs on this record , but is it really fair to call this band `` rap-rock '' , they do rap , and even rock sometimes , but songs like numbers 2 , 4 , 12 , 7 , 5 and others do n't really reflect a desire to push the whole rap-rock enevelope . Now , songs like Baseline , F *** You Puto and stuff have hard rock guitars in them , but I notice little things , like the band hardly ever uses -LRB- or SOUNDS like it uses -RRB- real drums . There are spots , but not really , even though one of the guys is listed as playing `` drums '' . Basically , this is a mostly rap record , and you can trust me when I say that the fact these guys are white , it hardly detracts from their ability to make your head bob . In fact , one of the rappers -LRB- I 'm not sure which one -RRB- , SORT OF sounds like Zack de la Rocha , but this is clearly no Rage record . I really liked most of the songs on this CD , even being not that much into rap . Quarashi takes rap and makes it good . I have read some comparisons to the Beastie Boys and what not , but this band does n't sound like the Beastie Boys any more than Celine Dion , other than of course the fact that they rap . I 'm not exactly sure where people get stuff like `` rap-rock '' and Beastie Boys , because while some rock is involved , it 's not really something you could mosh to , you know what I mean ? It 's not rap-rock , and definitely not Rage , it 's ... . Quarashi , they just be them and it works .
 Well , I bought this CD not really knowing what exactly to expect . Like you probably have if you 're reading this , I had heard `` Stick 'Em Up '' on the radio and loved it . So I got onto Amazon and read some of the reviews , then decided to go out and buy it . I was really surprised by how diverse the songs on this album are . They range from the semi-aggressiveness of the previously mentioned radio song to the softly sung `` Dive In '' to the Icelandic rap `` Tarfur '' to the laid back `` Mr. Jinx . '' The sound of the band itself is very unique , but could best be compared to kind of a cross between Rage Against the Machine and Beastie Boys , with a more electronic sound and a greater range of experimentation . In fact , the other day I was walking near a store that was playing Rage 's `` Guerrilla Radio '' and , for a moment before I could hear it well enough to recognize it , mistook it for `` Weirdo . '' -LRB- I mean that in the very best way possible , especially considering that I am the biggest Rage fan on the face of the earth . Seriously . -RRB- As much as I would love to give this CD five stars , it just is n't quite perfect enough , plus it 's their major-label debut , so there 's always room for improvement . Nonetheless , it is a great CD and , in my opinion , the best CD released thus far this year . My favorite song is `` Mr. Jinx , '' but they are all good . Really , there is not a single bad song on the album . So go out and buy this CD . ... I promise you wo n't regret it . Even if you do n't like every song , you 'll still get your money 's worth at such a low price . So buy it and enjoy it . Trust me .
 The first time I heard the single , `` Stick 'Em Up , '' I had to know who this band was . I was really surprised to find out that they 're from Iceland ! Every time I heard the song , I knew I was going to love their album . So when it came out I picked it up and I love it . They blend British back-beats with American-style rapping with a style all their own . This record is so energetic and fun , I just have to move when I listen to it . For guys who 's native language is Icelandic , they rap better in English then most American rappers . `` I 'm not even from America and I 'll bury ya ! ''
 If you 're a fan of the Beastie Boys or the Dub Pistols , this cd is a must have !
 I originally bought this album after hearing Mr Jinx on Madden 03 , after a few runs of the album I started to really enjoy it . I am a huge Rap / Metal fan and this album falls very much under the rap category . Very similar style to Beastie Boys each song has its own strengths and this is one of those albums you have on random play etc when you have people in the car or people come round , it 's what I would call a head turner people always want to know who is singing.Tracking 9 - Xeneizes is excellent if you have a good bass . I only have a 400W amp and 1200W sub in my car , sounds excellent thought ... one of the few tracks that I would consider upgrading my sound system for ... Every track is different on this album which is what makes you love it or hate it personally I think there is something for everyone on this album , I would n't recommend this for everyone but if you want something fresh , different and a-little querky then this is for you ... and as my title says its a Gem in my collection and for $ 0.01 you ca n't go wrong !?
 `` Jinx '' is most definitely a very cheesy rap metal album , but Quarashi at least fills it with a bunch of relatively enjoyable tunes . The reason I gave this a `` 4 '' is because of the song `` Mr. Jinx '' which is actually a very good tune -LRB- and better than the hit `` Stickem ' Up '' -RRB- . The `` rappers '' are pretty subpar in their charisma and charm , but they are n't terrible per se . The songs are catchy enough that you 'll stickem out to the end . They 're extremely forgettable , but pretty fun while you 're listening to them . The only song that will stick in your head long after you 've listened to this is arguably `` Mr. Jinx '' -LRB- though `` Stickem ' Up '' and `` Baseline '' comes close as theyre extremely catchy -RRB- . The lyrics are pretty subpar - they 're merely an excuse to have a singer and catchy lyrics . If it were n't for the fact that there were so many catchy-yet-stupid songs here then it would 've gotten a much worse rating . However , if you 're interested in rap-metal that 's relatively good , then `` Jinx '' might intrigue you . You should be at least satisfied if you got this album , at least if you knew what you were getting yourself into . Slightly recommended.Highlights include : `` Stickem ' Up '' `` Mr. Jinx '' `` Baseline '' `` Malone Lives '' `` Copycat '' `` Transparent Parents '' `` Weirdo '' -LRB- sort of -RRB- `` Xeneizes '' -LRB- sort of -RRB- `` Dive In '' `` Bless ''
 this record was able to meet to the standards of the tactics where listeners would get a chance to hear what these people are . the whole cd was incredible , when i had first bought this cd i thought that these people would fail in music but after listening to it i have regreted what i had said . Quarashi uis hevay , includes some elements of jazz and quiet a bot of nu metal but this cd is good overall
 Just great CD that wo n't go off the player ... They 're gon na be big ; -RRB-
 for a person who really doesnt like rap , id have to say these guys really impress me . i first heard them when i was playing Amplitude on my PS2 -LRB- for those who love music , id highly recommend Amplitude -RRB- and i knew i had to buy there cdthe thing that i luv about quarashi is how well they can combine the two genres to give such an awesome soundrecommend this one for any music lover
 First I want to say that this is nothing like Beastie Boys or Rage . It 's way better !! This is something completely new . Nothing like it has ever been made , so you ca n't compare it to anything . The album is n't like `` Stick em up '' , it 's more of a slow rap . I really do n't know what to say , i 've had the cd for a couple years now and it 's still my favorite . Buy it , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 To be honest I ca n't answer my own question . The better end of the Rap/Rock Spectrum is few and far between . But Quarashi uses some catchy riffs and a Beastie Boys-esqe Lyrical sound and everythng ties together . The Tracks `` Mr. Jinx '' an `` Stick e 'm Up '' Have done very well in the world of popular Singles . But My Personal Faorites are `` Baseline '' and the very Catchy sound of `` Malone Lives '' . I dont know what it is that makes them so good ... maybe thier Icelandic Nationality . . thier Beastie-esqe Sound ... WHO CARES ... They write some pretty good stuff and I enjoy the hell out of It . I Definitely Recommend them if you like the Beastie Boys , Limp Bizkit , or Even Linkin Park . Quarashi is a lot more Rap than Rock but the attitude they have Is great . I hope to hear more from em ' in the future
 I love this album , there are n't many bad tracks on the album too . The worst track in my opinion is f *** you puto , and that track is actually fine . The rock & rap actually fits and the tracks all have different feel to it . My favourites are
 I , like everyone else , had heard Stick Em Up and it was catchy enough to warrant a download online to see what a couple other tracks sounded like . I was VERY impressed ! The first thing that popped into my head was Beastie Boys ! These guys remind me so much of the innovative Beastie Boys of the past that I had to buy the CD - great stuff , nice use of sampels as well .
 Hailing from the land of Bjork and Vikings , Iceland 's Quarashi mix one part Beastie Boys -LRB- circa `` Paul 's Boutique '' -RRB- , one part guitar-laden techno and one part quirky Icelandic eccentricity on their amazing debut `` Jinx . `` While the current rap-rock , nu-metal ilk rely heavily on the ignorant hip-hop guise of thug life , pimpin ' and drugs Quarashi sidestep all of that in favor of liberal doses of intelligence , wit and actual creativity -LRB- a rare breed in today 's musical climate -RRB- . Making allusions to the likes of J.D. Salinger , Charles Manson , Star Wars and their unconventional roots , the three emcees in Quarashi appear far more concerned with lyrical content and clever rhymes and subject matter than `` bling-blingin ' . '' The group also manages to avoid rap-rock cliches of bitter , pilfered ennui and ranting perpetrated by the likes of Fred Durst and the horde of bands he has spawned.Tracks like the eclectic mishmash of samples and live music on `` Mr. Jinx '' and the thumping and appropriately titled `` Bassline '' ring with a uniqueness the likes of the -LRB- current -RRB- Beastie Boys and Linkin Park ca n't touch.Dabbling in tasteful and unconventional samples coupled with heavy guitar lines , tacks like `` Jinx 's '' first single `` Stick ` Em Up '' and the angsty `` Weirdo '' are a breath of fresh air in a musical climate laced with unrightfully angry artists without any penchant for originality whatsoever.Even on what I can only presume is the world 's first rap record in Icelandic , `` Tarfur , '' the emcees in Quarashi sound lyrically tight and catchy despite the fact that I have absolutely no idea what any of them are saying.As a whole , `` Jinx '' is ancredibly catchy and original and proves that Iceland has far more to offer than hearty meade and horribly pretentious , swan-wearing pop artists .
 This is a mix of rock n ' rap.And if you like Rage against the machine U got ta get this ! ...
 In this world of lame metal/rap fronted by bands such as Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock it has been hard to find new original music . However , Quarashi 's `` Jinx '' brings a whole new and unique sound to music . Their first single `` Stick 'em Up '' is full of heavy guitar laced over some hard hip hop beats . Each song on this album shows the talent and range of Quarashi . Whether it 's their harmonies , rhymes , beats , rock ability , or powerful lyrics there is definitely something for everyone on this album .
 This CD is absolutely awesome . I bought it after hearing `` Stick 'em Up '' and must say , it 's definitely my favorite album of 2002 ! Very upbeat and a great driving CD !!!
 Great album . Period . In our Nsync/Backstreet world it is nice to find some honest musicians . Quarashi blends rap , metal , industrial , funk and groove all into one nicely produced great sounding album . Some will argue that it bears a strong resemblence to the Beastie Boys , the lyrics tell otherwise . These gentlemen are/were fans of Cube and Dre . Though rap is not what makes the album , its the music as a whole.There is enough angst to pump up the average Gen-Y listener , and enough talent and musicianship to impress Gen-Xers . I highly recommend this -LRB- and have -RRB- to anyone who will listen .
 Great album ! I 'd never heard of them before and I stumbled across one of their videos on the net . Great tunes for sure !!
 I wish i could rate it 6 stars ! I bought this for my boyfriend a while ago ... as a surprise gift . this is his favorite band and he was overwhelmed when i presented him with this great cd ! works great , sounds great , and totally cheap ! :-RRB- GREAT BUY !
 The first US released album by Quarashi , the tracks have been in movies and video games -LRB- baseline was in the game Amplitude for PS2 -RRB- It 's good music with great beats and a new gimmick . \ / \ /
 I havent heard all of the album yet , but ive heard about 4 songs , and i was amazed . . its not a rip off of another band which seems to be the trend of todays music scene . I sense the knowledge and presence of music on this disc compared to many up and coming hardcore acts . . and there are many . . Iwent to school with these guys . . theyre good guys and good musicians , so support them and buy this cd .
 Although I 'm not a hardcore fan at all -LRB- I swear , I listen to Mozart and Sixpence all the time -RRB- , the few tracks that I listened to are amazing . They were recommended to me by a friend , so I got a hold of some of their music and it took me by surprise . A lot of good things can be expected from this band .
 WOW ! an all too incredible album packed with explosive vocals as well as assortments of incredible guitar riffs . C.O.S. will take you on a trip through the extreme , lull you back with ambient melodicy , and then rip you through a driving solo . this album has surprised me ... and then surprised me again ! for any fan of the endearing hardcore and metal scene . give it up for these guys and enjoy the ride .
 I 've been a fan of Freebo 's since the days he backed up Bonnie Raitt on fretless bass and blues tuba . I recently had the opportunity to see him playing with Maria Muldaur . I met him after the show and bought his CD based on hearing him perform one tune from it . This CD is a killer ! I do n't know how he 's managed to hide his songwriting and singing abilities all these years but I 'm sure glad he has finally come to the front and given us a much fuller picture of his talents . The span of musical genres on this album is breathtaking and his backup players are the best in the business . Everything from reggae to full-out rock . I hope he has more of this to share with us in a follow on album . This was worth the wait to hear him leading the way ! Try it . You 'll like it !
 Freebo shows himself as a master talent and he takes with him on this CD the best from a famous group of jazz and blues musicians . This is good for some soulful music , some rocking music and some fun music . It makes for good feelings and good memories . I really recommend it .
 Accomplished as a world class Bassist - Freebo is expanding his horizons to Lead singer , songwriter and now producer . He has picked a great name for his album - as I feel this is ONLY his beginning.Multi-talented musician , he performs with his famous bass , acoustical guitar , tuba and various other intruments in an eclectric collection of innovative and original music.Bringing his experience from Rock , Country , R&B and Blues to this CD penned from his life experiences -LRB- ` Trouble'and ' I feel Good ' -RRB- - he has fun with tunes like ` Yogi ' - complete with a tuba rift - and the D-O-G tune . ` How do I say GOodbye ' - with special guest Bonnie Raitt - as stayed in my head - as I h um my way down the highway .
 I love this record ! Wonderful music , sounds great , good song writing . Great guest artists , Freebo never sounded better ! What a wonderful bass player and singer . Everyone should own this CD ! One of my favorites
 Personnel on this one include : Paul BarrereSam ClaytonBonnie RaittCatfish HodgeAlbert LeeLeo NocentelliWalter TroutChuck NegronJerry DonahueTommy MarsMarty Walshand more .
 I love this album . It 's catchy , it rocks , the lyrics can be oddly abstract or perfectly plain . Matthew , Mona , and Steve make great music that will stick in your head for days , but in a good way . This is the CD you 'll want to drive to . This is the CD you 'll tell your friends about again and again until they resent you for it . This is the CD that will make you want to start a band . As Matthew himself would say , `` My pain is your gain ! '' Do n't miss out . You wo n't be sorry .
 Peter Parkers Album is one of the best out there . They are a fantastic band . I just met the drumer of the band resently and and he is so awsome . great mix of awsome sounds . If your into the alternitve stuff you will most likely enjoy them . Their album is a definate hit ! I love them !
 When I first heard that a Seattle area pop and roll band had named itself after a Marvel comics character , I was a bit skeptical . But when I had a chance to see Peter Parker open up for MC Hammer and MC 900 Foot Jesus at the Whiskey-A-Go-Go in LA for Hammer 's `` Anvil and Stirrup '' farewell gig , I decided I could n't pass it up . And they were good ! They were really tight for a bunch of wannnabbees , and had good catchy riffs . Later I saw them with Pedro the Lion King at Crater Lakes , and they rocked then , too . I like the way that Peter , the lead singer , gets up on the amp .
 When I first heard a recording of Peter Parker , I knew there was something about them that was deviant . They had the quick catchiness and hook that you would expect from a good pop/rock band , but something went a bit further . Almost as if some other influence was acting as a parasite with pop as it 's host , Peter Parker had a weird and non-traditional-to-pop experimental energy that left me impatiently waiting for each progression change , and when that change would come , I would grow a little prouder that this band exists .
 When I first bought this CD , I listened to it for a week straight . That 's all I listened to & I never got tired of it . That 's the thing about Peter Parker . No matter how many times you hear the songs , they will still be as catchy & as great as the first time you listened to them . Matthew has a gift for writing great songs that leave people wanting to hear more . I can almost guarantee that if you buy this CD , it will become one of your most favorite & most listened to CD in your collection . There is not one bad song on Migliore . You definitely can not go wrong with Peter Parker .
 Peter parker is an awesome band ! Migliore is such a good cd , everyone should own one !
 I would reccomend this CD to everyone . I have showed it to a lot of people who have never heard of this awesome group and they are now totally into them . I would highly reccomend this CD , it 's great for jumping around when you are all alone and awesome to spin at parties ... So not only is it an awesome CD but Mona , Steve , Matthew and Josh are the sweetest peopl alive :-RRB- BUY IT TODAY -LRB- corny infomercial smile -RRB-
 My favorite song on this CD is `` you 're always bringing me down '' and I 'm sad that it 's the only song there is no sound clip for . :-LRB- Anyway , I think Peter Parker is definitely the best of what Seattle has to offer and they should STAY TOGETHER !
 This CD has sat in my changer at home for a month and been played daily . I 've only taken it out to listen to it at work or lend it -LRB- briefly -RRB- to a friend . Perter Parker has tight three part playing , great vocals and harmony and more hooks to their songs than a tackle box . You can hear influences -LRB- or echoes -RRB- of early Pixies and Superchunk , but Peter Parker brings a whole lot more to the equation . Original , exciting , unpretentious and energetic .
 Migloire in one word , good . I 've listed to this cd , more times than i 've listened to any of the 100 cds I own . It never makes me sleepy , it never gets old , thats how good it is . I had these expectations and anticipations for the release of this amazing piece of work and it surpassed them all . Matthew , Mona and Steve . . when can we expect the next masterpiece ?
 Migloire in one word , good . I 've listed to this cd , more times than i 've listened to any of the 100 cds I own . It never makes me sleepy , it never gets old , thats how good it is . I had these expectations and anticipations for the release of this amazing piece of work and it surpassed them all . Matthew , Mona and Steve . . when can we expect the next masterpiece ?
 This one never left my CD player in the first week after I bought it . It 's the kind of CD you can listen to over and over again , enjoying it more each time . Songs like `` Goldenstate , '' `` Kickdrum , '' and `` Eliot '' will make themselves at home in your head and refuse to leave . This is an excellent album . Do yourself a favor and get a copy !
 This is the most amazing album ever ... and I know it was the most anticipated within my group of friends . It 's got a fabulous range of songs . They will make you laugh , they will make you cry !! Peter Parker is truly the best band in the world , and Migliore ! lives up to all of the expectations I had for it , and goes even farther . Matthew , Mona , Steve ... congratulations , this is a work of art !
 I was very happy to find this CD to substitute my old LP . This is a great recording that Lee Konitz did in Rio with the best team of Brazilian jazz musicians he could get , and produced by his friend Allan Botchinsky . OK , the disc is a bit on the easy-listening side of bossa-nova , and the strings are over produced , but still a very nice record , I have a special love for this session as I knew personally most of these Brazilian musicians , and was good friend to Nico Assumpcao - the best ever Brazilian bass player who unfortunately left this world too young succumbing to cancer . He was even considered by Chick Corea to play in one of his Eletrick Band incarnations . Check some of his playing on YouTube and you will be amazed . I buy everything with Nico on it , and I strongly recommend everyone to do the same . Luiz Avellar is also a keyboard master and great producer himself , and Carlos Bala is a legendary drummer . By the way , Nico and Luiz also played with Larry Coryel in his Live in Bahia album . As to Victor Biglione , his solo career is now internationally known including a couple of CDs with ex-Police Andy Summers . Konitz and Allan were smart in hiring a team of champions who were used to play together those days .
 I was a bit disapointed by the CD , I thought it would be much more music that could be recognized from the movie . When I heard the 1st track movie scenes flew across my mind , but that was the only one ! Maybe exept for track 13 . If you like french rap , this is CD gr8 . If you just want the movie music , get the 1st and 13th track somewherelese ...
 Taxi 2 is a movie about a cab driver in France with the most fantastic car ever -LRB- it even has wings ! -RRB- . This soundtrack is a the best selection of French rap that I am aware of . It 's fun , loud , and best of all , it sounds good .
 this is pretty tight . faf larage and disiz la peste are two of the illest i 've heard in a long time on this cd
 Four stars for the creative band , KISS , and for these strong , early records . This box is new from Universal and includes the first three CDs , `` Kiss , '' `` Hotter Than Hell '' and `` Dressed To Kill . '' The actual discs are dated `` 1997 , '' so they are probably the original remasters , and not new remasters , I am guessing . The box includes the three CD covers of the orignal three CDs , but no additional artwork or liner notes . Although some might prefer the 1980s work and beyond , KISS ' strong period will always be the 1970s , and their pre `` Alive '' recordings are found here .
 As a Kiss fan , the 5 stars is for the music , but anyone out there with information on the specifics of this release please chime in . I can not find any information on these chronicles long boxes . Are they newly remastered , or just repackaged ?
 it 's now official ... KISS HAS BECOME THE BEST EVER KISS TRIBUTE BAND on the planet.the music still holds up and it is good in whatever package you want to put it in . . but if you want to hear something new you wont get it from KISS ... until you stop buying these things , you will never get anything new from this band ...
 This was a present for one of my granddaughters and she loves it . She saw Kiss at a concert this past year , so she was excited to get the CD . Thank you for great service .
 This re-issue 2005 version is a re-master . People have been suspicious of this because it keeps comin ' out every few years and the original issue was just the plain old albums , but you can be sure this is a good one.These 3 classic Kiss recordings should be enjoyed back to back anyway , so this makes for a great package . And a money saver I 've seen this as cheap as 7.00 sealed , and with only 1 shipping charge this is the way to go.A great picture on the front of the box , than on the inside you get the three colorful remastered cd 's and a little insert of each album cover and all the song and recording info inside each one . Nothing to complain about . If you already have these , fine ! Dont complain , this was perfect for me and anyone that did ` nt buy these yet on cd . Everybody knows this is the holy trilogy of Kiss . The band was hungry and pumped up to conquer the world . I heard people say these are weak recordings compared to the live versions.Not true at all these were fully realized and rockin ' songs , only lacking in studio production because of the times and budget , first album was done in 1973 and for a debut I think they did a good job capturing these sleazy rock anthems . If you need to start a remastered Kiss collection start here and work your way up to `` Love Gun '' ...
 First of all this is just a re-release of the ` 76 ` the originals but they changed the cover to make it somehow different.I am an huge kiss fan but there is nothing for me here , its mostly for those who dont own one of these begening albums.If you dont have one of these c.d than go ahead buy it its great value as two of these c.ds can cost over 30 $ . The albums included are ` kiss ` hotter than hell ` -LRB- if this one is not remastered you ` l have problems with the sound -RRB- and ` dressed to kill ` . I dont know if they are remastered.If its 1997 then its remastered.Overall this more an attemp at making money as they got too many compilation thats what i beleve.overall ; good value but again an attemp at making more money.the music earns five stars the set im not sure but still its a good value.You cant find a better price.if youre looking for new stuff its the wrong place , instead try the kiss rock the nation dvd or wait for paul stanley ` s new album to come out.Lots of my rewiwes are kiss rewiews .
 Peter Hammill -LRB- Van Der Graaf Generator -RRB- hit the mark with this solo album . Strong Lyrics and songs that will catch your ear and make you stop and listen . `` Vision '' is a best of album that might be a better place to sample Hammill . Fools mate , Cameleon and Silent Corner are other great places when exploring progressive alternative music from the early 70 's . Hammill has one of the most forceful voices you 've ever heard anywhere !! He delivers each song with enough emotional conviction to draw you in . Some dark & depressing tunes and lyrics , as well as interesting ballad and experimental sounds await your here .
 The Third solo record from peter it was probably the zenith of his creativity stilled linked to the first great era of progressive music witch began to change a few years after this release ! The entire band plays on this record including Sprit 's guitarist randy california who died trying to save his son from drowning -LRB- not confirmed -RRB- years later ! Peters lyrics , guys drumming , Hugh keyboards and davids sax 's and flute 's are completely gothic years before the style was invented ! `` Red Shift '' opens and the VDGG classic `` A LOUSE IS NOT A HOME '' proves that as a writer and artist no one can touch peter hammill , although the band broke up this reassuring record keeps the faith alive ! released in 1973 .
 I had realized how much I loved the older Peter Hammill I have . I have had less-than-good experiences buying new material from artists from my youth , but I can easily write it off by saying I 've gotten so much enjoyment out of their previous work.Well , this album was better than I could have hoped for . Mr. Hammill has not changed at all - in the best possible way , his songs continue to surprise and be full of emotion and musicality . Easily one of my best purchases in a very long time - I hope he keeps this up for decades to come .
 Pawn HeartsPawn hearts II ? maybe . Not as majestic and otherwordly , but comes close sometimes .
 Peter Pan Speedrock of Holland plays a very exciting mix of rock 'n roll , rockabilly , punk , metal with some influences of Mot&ouml;rhead , Ramones and Zeke . But they have definitely their one style ! This is their fourth album and the first released as Peter Pan Speedrock . The first three are released just as Peter Pan . Most of the songs are played fast and all the songs are played very tight , which they also can manage well live.The band has humour , the song are catchy -LRB- Resurrection , Come On You -RRB- and not always that simple as you except from this kind of bands -LRB- Auf Der Axe , Mot&ouml;rblock -RRB- . The artwork is great and a must for the beerdinking rockfan !! The sound quality is also perfect.Highly recommended.Check also out
 Perhaps some day Dorian Recordings will turn out a poor CD , but among their more recent releases are four sets that feature harpist Carol Thompson . The artist was born in this country of Anglo-Welsh-Irish background -LRB- as the copywriter tells us -RRB- . Part of her technique is to let her ornamentation come out of the melody rather than merely appending it , and to execute her chords with a `` downward roll '' rather than an upward as in classical harp playing.So with Amazon.com 's permission , I will submit this same write up to each of the four webpages that deal with these albums . . < The Faerie Isles > -LRB- DOR-90013 -RRB- has Ms. Thompson accompanied by another harpist and a wooden flute ; and the extra coloration is welcome . Here we have 18 cuts -LRB- 64 minutes -RRB- of Celtic harp music , the more familiar of which are `` Brian Boru 's March '' and `` Gentle Annie . '' The notes are of a general nature.The subtitle of < The Enchanted Isles
 `` The meadows are clothed with flocks And the valleys are covered with grain ; They shout for joy , yes , they sing . '' -LRB- Psalm 65:13 -RRB- In all of my days spent on this journey up until now , I have never heard more beautiful music than that of Carol Thompson 's Harp playing . It echoes with the music of the Celtic landscape as well as the hearts of the Celtic people from whom many of these songs descend . It is a wonder.The Bible speaks of the boy David playing his harp to soothe the wrath of King Saul . If David 's playing was anything like Thompson 's playing of this music ... I can see how something like that might work.From the opening strains of Bonny Portmore to the last note of O'Carolan 's Farewell , Thompson 's CD `` The Faerie Isles '' is filled with the utter joy of beauty . It is no secret that Dorian is my favorite label ... I have yet to be disappointed by one of their discs -- but this one is exceptional indeed.I give `` The Faerie Isles '' my highest recommendation .
 `` The meadows are clothed with flocks And the valleys are covered with grain ; They shout for joy , yes , they sing . '' -LRB- Psalm 65:13 -RRB- In all of my days spent on this journey up until now , I have never heard more beautiful music than that of Carol Thompson 's Harp playing . It echoes with the music of the Celtic landscape as well as the hearts of the Celtic people from whom many of these songs descend . It is a wonder.The Bible speaks of the boy David playing his harp to soothe the wrath of King Saul . If David 's playing was anything like Thompson 's playing of this music ... I can see how something like that might work.From the opening strains of Bonny Portmore to the last note of O'Carolan 's Farewell , Thompson 's CD `` The Faerie Isles '' is filled with the utter joy of beauty . It is no secret that Dorian is my favorite label ... I have yet to be disappointed by one of their discs -- but this one is exceptional indeed.I give `` The Faerie Isles '' my highest recommendation .
 I really enjoy winding down or just relaxing with this music . I used to have something like this years ago . I would play to help my baby calm down when she was fussy at night . I like to have it in the background when I am writing . I never tire of the intricate beauty of the music of a harp and this harp CD is wonderfully done . I highly recommend it .
 One of my lady friends heard my copy of this disc and liked it so I gave it to her . I bought this to replace it .
 This was my first experience listening to music from such an early period , and I was spellbound . I 'm not qualified tojudge the scholarly accuracy of the performance practices , nor can I compare these to other performances of the same pieces . I can say only that the music has an unearthly beauty of a kind which is not found in later music . The vocal style is different from what we find in baroque , classical and romantic choral pieces . It has a profound purity which comes , at least partly , from an absence of vibrato . There are eight composers represented , among whom Josquin and Palestrina are the best known . -LRB- One of the composers is Giacches de Wert , who , contrary to the Amazon listing , is not the conductor ! The conductor is Christopher Jackson , and the ensemble is the Montreal Studio of Ancient Music , if I 've translated the French correctly . -RRB- A beautiful recording . It was my first CD of `` early '' music , but it will not be my last !
 Truly , the music on this CD must be what heaven sounds like ! The `` Tulerunt Dominum Meus '' is outstanding . The only thing that could be added to this CD is a translation from Latin to English . Even so , not knowing the meaning of the words will not keep one from being transported in ecstasy while listening to this gorgeous music .
 The opening Gombert Lament is a stunner , as is everything on this disk . It is recorded in a live , but not muddy , acoustic which really puts a beautiful `` glow '' on the proceedings . This would have gotten 5 stars from me except for the lack of texts and translations .
 This is a great choice for someone who loves tight well organized harmony.The arrangements on some of the eight-part harmony is outstanding!A truly great album.A must for any collection .
 This is Honeymoon Suite 's first studio album in 10 years . It was well worth the wait . Derry and Johnnie have put together a great album and have an excellent band backing them . They are still performing shows and the shows are still awesome . All of the songs on `` Lemon Tongue '' are great , but there are a couple that are really good . `` What I Know '' , `` So Hard '' , and `` Knew You When '' are great . They are very high energy songs with good lyrics to match . Do n't worry , they still have the great harmonies and choruses on the tracks `` Undone '' and `` Into me Into You '' . You will definitely enjoy this album . ; -RRB-
 The music of Honeymoon Suite will move you . If you have a pulse and at least one functioning ear - you need this CD . Songs like `` Gone '' and `` Lemon Tongue '' throw an instant party for you , no matter what kind of day you 've had . At the other end of the spectrum is a jewel like `` Into Me , Into You '' which is as beautiful and potent as watching a sunrise in Venice . These guys are true artists disguised as a rock band . The songs are honest and exposed without pretense . Honeymoon Suite has opened a vein and bled true emotion into this effort . Brilliant .
 Honeymoon Suite 's latest studio CD is GREAT ! This is there first studio album since 1991 's Monsters Under The Bed and it is GREAT ! Derry & Johnnie have gathered a great band on this effort . The songs still have the vintage Honeymoon Suite sound but with a modern edge to them . You will not be disappointed by this one . Get your copy now ...
 Released in 2006 on Virgin/EMI , this package is by far the best available collection of hits , singles , and favorites from synth pop trio Heaven 17 . Pretty much unknown in America , Heaven 17 scored a number of hit singles and smash albums in the early to mid 1980s in the U.K. and much of Europe . In America , they are best known for their lone Hot 100 charting single `` Let Me Go '' , which climbed to # 74 in 1983 and still finds a place on a number of 80 's compilations today . In the U.K. , they are best known for the # 2 1983 smash `` Temptation '' , which is their biggest single there.The CD clocks in at 76 minutes , making almost full use of the 80 minutes CD capacity by including 19 digitally remastered tracks , covering the band 's successful , and not so successful , output from 1981 to 1988 on Virgin . The DVD features , as far as I know , all 13 of the band 's promo music videos in addition to a few extras.The highlight is the CD audio remastering by Donal Whelan at Hafod Mastering , finally bringing a previously unheard clarity , dimension , and punch to these recordings . These tracks sound wonderful , and the audio upgrade alone is enough to add this collection to your cart ! Even the liner notes make a reference to the band thinking that this is how these tracks were meant to be heard , only that technology was limited at the time . `` It sounds tremendous , by the way . It brought a tear to my eye , for real '' , stated Heaven 17 member Martyn Ware.All tracks are the original album versions , except for 7 '' edits of `` Temptation '' , `` And That 's No Lie '' , and `` Contenders '' in addition to 7 '' versions of `` The Ballad Of Go Go Brown '' and `` Train Of Love In Motion '' . Considering official 7 '' edits exist for a number of other singles presented here -- including `` Come Live With Me '' , `` Crushed By The Wheels Of Industry '' and `` Penthouse And Pavement '' -- the tracklisting is n't really consistent , as if the label had randomly picked edits over album versions . I think all 7 '' edits/versions should have been presented here , with the original album versions available on the 2006 remastered albums.Now on to the DVD -- Region Free and PAL format . The tracklisting
 This is great album from a great band with very funky and tight dance grooves . I did n't realize there were so many different version of I 've got my mind made up . I grew up listening to them on vinyl . The first track on the CD of I 've got my mind made up is different from the orginal vinyl recording . Still it 's a great album and I 'm glad that I have it on CD .
 You will NOT regret buying this CD . Instant Funk ... is exactly what comes out of your speakers . EVERY song will have your head rocking and your toes tapping . Hey ... Does anyone know what ever happened to Instant Funk ??
 Instant Funk Rips Up The Funk here.I Got My Mind Made Up Is Tight & Funky.This Disc Grooves So Hard.Many Styles of Grooves that still Hold Up .
 This CD has it all
 Another excellent collection from the Dorian Group . It 's priced right ! Get your copy and enjoy while you perform some of the more mundane tasks which plague us all -LRB- the dishes , the floors , the bathrooms , etc. . Also good for background music while working , studying and so on ... -RRB- Five stars for this collection -LRB- I own Elizabeth 's Music from the Dorian Group also - yes there is an overlap between the two CD 's , but not to the point where it 's an annoyance ! -RRB- Again , five stars !
 I use this CD to play music for my school 's production of Shakespearean plays , especially during scene and set changes . The music is varied and true to form .
 What a wonderfully evocative CD of Shakespeare 's music . Well balanced choice of songs and music plus great clarity of performance .
 This is one of the best bluegrass CD 's out there . It 's 7 years old and I continue to listen to it . Scott Vestal produces some of the tastiest banjo I 've ever heard -LRB- and I 've listened to Bela and the rest forever -RRB- . Each musician is a master on their instruments . The beat is immaculate . I 've been a banjo player for over 25 years and this is one of my favorites .
 This is a great cd , showing the traditional side of bluegrass and the direction it is headed ! I would highly recommend it .
 After listening to Gould 's recording of the same , I was hesistant in buying an interpretation of the Goldberg variations that was not pure piano . Buying this CD has been one of the smartest decisions I 've made when it comes to buying CDs . Labadie 's arrangements are wonderful , absolutely wonderful . Just when I thought Bach 's Goldberg variations could n't be any more powerful , Labadie 's arrangements showed me a whole new dimension to this already awesome work of art . Purists may not like Labadie 's handful of changes to the original score -LRB- he documents all of them -RRB- . Regardless , I highly recommend this to everyone
 I had already got about four different versions of the Goldberg Variations - it 's my favourite piece of music.But then I heard this CD played on the radio - and I knew I had to have it ! The transcription for string ensemble is flawlessly done . The sheer quality of the sound is astounding - hear the last variation , for example.It really brings out the best in this magnificent composition by Bach . I really recommend it .
 There are times when I believe I would be satisfied to hear only the music of Bach for the rest of my life . Adding to the variety of Bach 's music is the variety that can be found in the ways that it is arranged . Here , for example , we have the famous Goldberg Variations played not on a keyboard , but by a small string group with bass and harpsichord continuo . I was skeptical at first , but was soon won over by the convincing playing and the superb quality of the recording , which combines transparency and warmth . In every way , this is a first-class production and an extremely rewarding experience for the listener . If you enjoy the music of Bach , you will enjoy this recording , and I recommend it highly .
 Are these the best complete nocturnes ever recorded ? Is it possible that these masterpieces in miniature could be played with even more poetry , artistry and passion than the revered recording by the late Artur Rubenstein?THE ANSWER
 I have complete sets by Rubinstein , Moravec , Pollini , Ashkenazy , Ohlsson , Pires , Yundi Li , Harasiewicz , Arrau , Francois , and Biret . Earl Wild 's is my favorite . The sound quality is astonishing . I never -LRB- or rarely -RRB- even hear pedals or hammers moving - even during the softest moments of playing . The rubato is perfect , tempo choices are right on , the poetic `` feel '' is just right throughout , the Baldwin Piano sounds great . This is a perfect recording to hear with earbuds on your ipod . No `` hiss '' to these recordings at all . I also like that the Nocturnes are not played in the usual order and are arranged by `` mood '' of piece . Buy this one , and use it as your reference recording for these great works !
 What is more lovely and soothing than a Chopin nocturne ? Oh my , it 's like a warm summer night with jasmine wafting by on a breeze , like a whisper of silk against your skin ... Do n't know anything technical about this stuff , but the artist and recording seems pretty darn good . I know I sure enjoy it ! : -RRB-
 True To Form is a great CD . Mark LaForme did a great job on this one . I just want to say that there is no need for this country musician to compete with today 's new style country . He did indeed stay `` True To Form '' . Great job Mr. LaForme !! I ca n't wait for your next album .
 I 'm not going to bother with an exhaustive analysis of the works on this CD , as that would be fruitless - Durufle 's music is simply gorgeous . Kowever , the performance requires some comment.Too often people frown on English music making , particularly those in England ! There are a fine body of excellent English , and indeed British , performers and ensembles , who put many other countries to shame . While it is true that the Oxford and Cambridge colleges provide us with a wealth of fantastic choirs I 'm afraid that St John 's , Cambridge , though world renowned , is not one of the best.Breathy trebles and imperfect counter-tenors , tenors and basses characterise this choir . This recording pales in comparison to the college 's very near neighbour King 's , whose recording with the gorgeous voice of Dame Janet Baker shines . Indeed having had the opportunity to hear some of the Oxford choirs , noticeably Christ Church , Magadalen , New and Worcester Colleges , both live and on record , I feel that St John 's is greatly overrated.Why did I give it four stars then ? Well , though the singing is not entirely to my taste it is still very attractive . This remains a fine recording , though there are many others that excell where this fails to shine .
 This is one video that any Rod Stewart fan should own a copy of . It is Rod at his absolute finest . Excellent concert footage combined with entertaining interviews make this video one that you enjoy watching over and over again -- you never can get enough !!!
 I saw many concert of Rod Stewart on video and it 's definitely the best concert of Rod Stewart on tape . When the DVD version ?
 I would have given this 5 stars if the audio was re-mastered in 5.1 . although it sounds like what you would expect from a 1970 's concert . It 's great to see one of the best country rock bands from the 70 's in a live show . Tommy Aldridge could be the best double bass drummer of all time so he is a show all by himself . For those of you who have always loved ` Raunch n ' Roll ' this is a must for your collection . I still ca n't believe they do there own version of the Beatles classic ` Taxman ' . It 's also cool to hear a live version of ` Jim Dandy ' which is not on ` Raunch N ' Roll ' . If you are a ` Black Oak ' fan this will leave you yearning for more .
 This a really good one sound could be better plus it would be nice if There was something older to watch , the blond guitar player is good but I did n't think he goes well in this group.I met Jim Dandy once he is really cool.Andy
 As a listener of Da Dubble since Uhhh about 89 , I have become a fan of the one with the Raspy Voice . The lyrics are typically downhome `` O '' . If you are from the Tizown , each cut brings back memories of strikin ' through through the town kickin it . If you are not from the town , each rhyme is a crystal ball view of what used to go down in the town . `` Together '' & `` Lifestyle as a Gangsta '' are underground classics that this album should bring to the forefront . The essence of `` 415 '' will forever epitomize Oakland . Whenever you listen to `` Da D-U double B L '' , it makes you want to twist one , grab a 40 and just chill . This album will quench that thirst .
 At first listen , `` Action Pact '' , Sloan 's 7th studio LP , is barely identifiable as the follow-up to 2001 's Pretty Together ; all the songs are fast and rockin ' , with guitars crankedto new heights and fabulous vocal harmonies strewn all over the place . Also , it is indisputably the band 's `` fastest '' album to date , with its quick-tempo song assemblage clocking in at just under 40 minutes . Nevertheless , as listeners work their way through the disc , they 'll discover an unhappy quality that is inundated throughout the recording ; this is a characteristic that Action Pact and Pretty Together share , at least to a certain extent.On A.P. , Sloan appears to have developed the tones of Pretty Together , with the addition of a sonic touch that is perhaps slightly reminiscent of their early 90s origins , as well as mid-80s rock . Some of the results are undoubtedly sloan-esque -LRB- see `` Gimmie That '' , `` I Was Wrong '' and `` Reach Out '' -RRB- , while others seem to have departed from what has come to be known as the `` sloan sound '' -LRB- it is almost debatable , for instance , whether `` Backstabbin ' '' was actually written by Patrick Pentland or the collective members of KISS and AC/DC ! -RRB- . The cohesiveness of Action Pact seems the obvious culprit for the creation of the different sound . Working with producer Tom Rothrock in Los Angeles may have indeed altered the likeable `` Sloan democracy , '' even though the band members seem closer than they ever have before . The idea of having a Chris & Patrick powered album was a good one , but when the tones of Pretty Together are joined with strong 80s influences and new-wave punk -LRB- as is the case on `` Hollow Head '' & `` Who Loves Life More ? '' -RRB- , this choice becomes questionable . In fact , Action Pactcan actually seem downright depressing after a full listen-through , as too many of the songs have minor undertones . EvenJay Ferguson 's songs are less mellow and more down than usual - `` False Alarm '' may as well be a long-lost Smeared tune . Moreover , it is a great tragedy that there are no psychedelic songwriting contributions from drummer Andrew Scott -LRB- thoughon this album he still drums very well ! -RRB- . Unlike Pretty Together , Action Pact is definitely NOT sugary pop , although 2 of Chris Murphy 's tracks -LRB- both the first single `` The Rest of My Life '' and the Travis-like `` Nothing Lasts Forever Anymore '' -RRB- seem to be obvious progressions from nostalgic P.T. songs , and serve to provide a nice break from the other songs on the record . That said , the abudance of good-time rockers on Action Pact still makes for a great listening experience ! While it may seem a bit `` too much '' at first , each individual song is thoroughly enjoyable , and A.P. is another great work from the greatest Canadian rock band . If new to the Sloan catalogue , however , I would recommend that you begin your Sloan journey with either One Chord to Another , Navy Blues or Between the Bridges before taking this pact for action .
 I recently saw sloan with jet . When Sloan played a better show than jet did -LRB- and jet rocked -RRB- , I decided to check them out . This is the first sloan album i have bought . The entire album is great , my favorite tracks are live on , ready for you , and fade away . Sloan reminds me of the beatles , all four of them sing , they even sound like the beatles at times , but heavier . The bassist plays guitar , the guitarist plays bass , the lead singer/guitarist plays drums and the drummer sings/plays guitar . They are unbelievable musicians , and i plan to own their entire catalog in a short time . BUY THIS ALBUM !!!
 This CD is totally upbeat and unlike other Sloan records it contains no experimental songs . What you get is straight ahead rock n roll , guitar bass and drums . Every song is uptempo and sounds best loud . I expect 4 or 5 hits in Canada . The release of a Sloan record is always a treat and Action Packed is no different .
 This album was one of the best discoveries I 've made in recent years . I do not understand all the reviewers who were disappointed by this album compared to their earlier work . I 've heard Twice Removed , and this album is vastly superior , although I know this viewpoint is blasphemy to most Canadians . Each of these songs is extremely well crafted , so much so that I 've spent time figuring out how to play them myself . I 'd also like to note that as probably the biggest Beatles fan in North America , despite many other bands ' sounds being described as Beatlesesque , this is the first band that has ever reminded me of The Beatles . It is not their sound so much that is familiar but the tangible energy of the songs . Their music puts a big smile on my face , and I frequently get genuinely caught up in their rock and roll , particularly with I Was Wrong , that is disarming and makes me feel young . You just ca n't go wrong with this album .
 Yeah , that 's like saying what 's the best Beatles album ? This release is a top notch group effort . This slab was produced by Tom Rothrock and he did a masterful job . Since all 4 members of Sloan write songs , putting a release together previously would include a democratic process in song selection . This time however , Rothrock had the band work as a team , and now there 's a consistency that had clearly been missing . And yet , it certainly does n't feel ` overproduced , ' just focused . The Canucks ' last release was a bit of a downer , but this one makes up for it in a big way . Of the group 's 7 studio albums , this ranks very highly with me . I find it has an amazing repeat listenability factor . If someone asked me to recommend a Sloan disc as an introduction to the band , it would be a toss-up between AP and OCTA . Both are masterpieces . OCTA is more rockin ' , but AP rocks too and its maturity is refreshing . It 's hard for a band to grow musically and still appeal to their core fans . I think this band does it gracefully . And like every Sloan release , it contains Hooks A Plenty !
 My wife and I finally agreed on something , this CD would have been better without the last 3 songs . For most bands , 9 out of 12 great songs would make a great CD , but seeing as how this is Sloan , and in the past 5 years that I have been a fan , there was only one other song that I have to skip when it plays -LRB- Pick it up and Dial It -RRB- I was a little -LRB- but not very -RRB- disappointed . `` Reach Out '' is tedious , the words `` Reach Out '' get repeated 19 times in a row to conclude the song . The drum work on the song is excellent , and is the only reason that it is n't a skipper . `` Who loves life more '' is painful , and `` Fade Away '' is only average.The best song on this disk goes to Patrick -LRB- as it usually does -RRB- `` I Was Wrong '' is one of the catchiest songs I have ever heard , not to mention completely true . Sometimes the only way to get the wheels rolling again with your significant other is to admit you are wrong , even if you are n't . Favorite Songs : Gim me That , Live On , Rest Of My Life , False Alarm , Nothing Lasts Forever Anymore , and of course I Was Wrong . Great tunes , great harmonies , fun sing-along-at-the-top-of-your-lungs-in-the-car songs.Maybe the 3 songs I did n't care too much for would n't have made it had Andrew not been to busy to write a few more songs . I applaud him for spending time with his new daughter rather than waste time writing songs for the album , I only hope there is a double dose of Andrew songs on the next album to make up for it .
 It seems to me that Sloan is listening to their fanbase with this one . I do n't have Pretty Together due to the collective sigh issued by reviewers everywhere . Between The Bridges was so good , I did n't want to have my buzz ruined . So Sloan must have heard . Dropping the keyboards and punching up the guitars and the tempos , Sloan delivers a more hard nosed sound . But the advances in songwriting made over the years have not been jettisoned . Sure , `` Backstabbin ' '' is some big dumb rock but they have never denied their taste for these moments . But then again a song like `` Who Loves Life More ? '' somehow invokes Brian Eno in its harmonies.Their taste for the 80s is subtly mixed with the 60s and 70s throughout . What you get are those tight harmonies delivering thoughtful lyrics over some really tight rock riffs and grooves . The mood is downcast overall but never at the expense of some really driving pop/rock that is opposed to the prevalent adolescent mope you find coming from most quarters . While clearly embracing the emotive rush of youth , Action Pact is made by adults who like to rock . So if you have problems with four grown men holding onto the redemptive powers of two guitars , bass , and drums , clear out . And with time , this album sinks its teeth in and hangs on . It simply supercedes any rock hang-up I have and says this is real . It is all about leaving any critical sawhorse behind and getting swept up in the moment .
 Wow . I 've been a Sloan fan since the 1st CD came out -LRB- 6 studio releases ago -RRB- and always look forward to the new release , but this one has really exceeded my best expectations . It rocks from beginning to end , with inventive vocal work and creative song structures around every corner , and no thow-away songs that should have been b-sides . Several PERFECT songs include `` Gim me That '' , `` Nothing Lasts Forever Anymore '' , and the masterpiece `` Reach Out '' -LRB- this may be Patrick Pentland 's Tomorrow Never Knows - droning , experimental , minimalist , amazing -RRB- . `` Action Pact '' will sit proudly next to FOW 's `` Welcome Interstate Managers '' in my CD changer for the next few months . Buy this CD , crank it up in your headphones , and get excited about MUSIC again .
 Action Pact has all the flash , fancy guitar work , and thrilling harmony you 'd expect from Sloan . The pure Sloan genius of Gim me That , I Was Wrong , and False Alarm live here alongside the hollow but rockin ' Hollow Head and the dopey but charming Ready for You . For me , the irresistible lure of Sloan lies in their awe-inspiring beauty , their delightful clumsiness , and their undying confidence and drive.If you 're new to Sloan , you 'll find yourself on a pleasure trip if you start with Twice Removed and work your way through chronologically .
 I have to say that I ca n't agree with the reviewers who see this album as a big drop in quality from previous albums . I find nothing but joy in listening to this and think that several of the cuts rank among their best songs ever . I own all of their albums and the only two that I find at all sub par are their first , SMEARED , and their live album . All the others are at least very good . Instead of tarring the album with broad strokes , I would like to see the album 's detractors talk more in specifics . What particular cuts do they find so awful ? `` Gim me That , '' which starts the album off , is vintage Sloan , while `` The Rest of My Life '' is one of their all time finest cuts . `` False Alarm '' is yet another great Sloan single . `` I Was Wrong '' is another great one . My favorite cut on the album , however , and one of my favorite Sloan songs , is the hard driving `` Reach Out . '' I mean , what 's not to love on this album?In fact , this album is proof of Sloan 's ongoing brilliance . In terms of sheer quantity , Sloan has produced as much great music as all but a few bands over the past dozen years . The only two bands I can think of that can match Sloan in the number of great songs produced are Sleater-Kinney and Belle and Sebastian . Sleater-Kinney cut fewer tracks than the other two , but I 'm not sure they ever cut a bad song -LRB- their 2006 hiatus -LSB- code for retirement -RSB- still pains me -RRB- while Belle and Sebastian recorded more than either band , but with a few bad cuts along the way.I do think that there is a tendency among many fans of bands to willfully see decline in prolific bands , even when such decline does not exist . And with the brilliance of 2006 's NEVER HEAR THE END OF IT , it is clear the band is n't even close to easing up in turning out great music .
 I have to say that I ca n't agree with the reviewers who see this album as a big drop in quality from previous albums . I find nothing but joy in listening to this and think that several of the cuts rank among their best songs ever . I own all of their albums and the only two that I find at all sub par are their first , SMEARED , and their live album . All the others are at least very good . Instead of tarring the album with broad strokes , I would like to see the album 's detractors talk more in specifics . What particular cuts do they find so awful ? `` Gim me That , '' which starts the album off , is vintage Sloan , while `` The Rest of My Life '' is one of their all time finest cuts . `` False Alarm '' is yet another great Sloan single . `` I Was Wrong '' is another great one . My favorite cut on the album , however , and one of my favorite Sloan songs , is the hard driving `` Reach Out . '' I mean , what 's not to love on this album?In fact , this album is proof of Sloan 's ongoing brilliance . In terms of sheer quantity , Sloan has produced as much great music as all but a few bands over the past dozen years . The only two bands I can think of that can match Sloan in the number of great songs produced are Sleater-Kinney and Belle and Sebastian . Sleater-Kinney cut fewer tracks than the other two , but I 'm not sure they ever cut a bad song -LRB- their 2006 hiatus -LSB- code for retirement -RSB- still pains me -RRB- while Belle and Sebastian recorded more than either band , but with a few bad cuts along the way.I do think that there is a tendency among many fans of bands to willfully see decline in prolific bands , even when such decline does not exist . And with the brilliance of 2006 's NEVER HEAR THE END OF IT , it is clear the band is n't even close to easing up in turning out great music .
 I lean towards the British bands such as the Verve , Coldplay , Embrace , the bluetones , Dodgy -LRB- look into them if you have n't -RRB- , the stills , Keane , the Delays -LRB- another to check out -RRB- , HOWEVER , these boys from Canada rival the best of the best . Pick your time , your era , your style , Sloans latest is at the top .14 tracks , and not one should have been left out . The only downside is that it all closes out at just under 45 mins . -LRB- including the bonus track -RRB- . I hate comparisons and analogies , but if I must compare -LRB- in order to help the feeble minded -RRB- , then try to imagine Cheap Trick , crossed with classic Kiss and Styx . Now , add to the blender the Beach boys , and the Cosmic Rough Riders . Pour that back into the shaker but add a splash of the Waxwings and dash of Nada Surf -LRB- by the way , all of the above mentioned bands are worthy of a good listen , especially Cosmic rough Riders -LRB- out of Scotland -RRB- , the Waxwings , and nadasurf ! . Bottom line , the hooks are epic , the tunes are classic , and the voices and harmonies are top notch . The song-writing and musicianship are bangin ' . Do yourself a favor , Trust STEVE and Buy this record.As for the stand out tracks , NOPE , see for yourself that they all deserve the hype that many rock mags are giving them.Enjoy ! Steve
 This is their best album since `` One chord to another '' . It 's very hard to find an album that rocks as consistantly as this one . Although , they do n't experiment as much as they used to , this album is a keeper . If `` The rest of my life '' dose n't get your feet movin ' and your pulse a racin ' , nothing will . Will the rest of the world take notice ? This is one of Canada 's best kept secrets . The secrets out !
 I 'd have to rate this as Sloan 's best album since their 1994 masterpiece `` Twice Removed . '' Not as disparate sounding as their last two efforts , this album is a completely cohesive kick-ass rock album with plenty of dark undertones -LRB- lyrically & musically -RRB- for the more theatrically inclined . If you 've never heard Sloan , I 'd suggest you pick this one up immediately along with `` Twice Removed '' and `` One Chord to Another . '' Absolutely the best band in Canada , and perhaps the world !!
 After a couple of mediocre efforts , Sloan found the formula for an excellent album - turn up the amps and crank out some really well-written songs . They tried the same rock-out recipe on `` Navy Blues '' , but that was a clunker . With the exceptions of `` Live On '' and `` Hollow Head '' , the remainder of the album is rock solid , pardon the pun .
 Action pact definately says the write words for this album , as this album is filled with some of the best songs produced . Sloan writes even more classic rock songs like ` Gim me That ' or ` Live On ' which reflects songs worthy of The Beatles or The Who . This album shows just how good this band is . Anyone who thinks Canadians do n't belong in the music buissness has n't heard this album . This is one of the greatest I 've heard since the 70 's , and I highly , highly reccomend getting this album .
 I had not heard of Sloan , till I found this cd at a listening station . I felt it rocked enough to buy it for $ 23 or so , and I was right . I love every song with the great guitar work and tight vocals . The last track was very trippy and reminds me of a 3 minute Monster Magnet song -LRB- if you 're a MM fan you 'll hear it . In short the album was awsome.Then I went back and bought two of their previous albums , Pretty Together and some other one . That was a mistake . I 'm glad they 've changed their sound to this album , and hope it continues . Their other works are NOT my cup of tea . Soft/lame / NO good guitar , etc. . In short , there was nothing special about them , no good hooks.If you want a rockin cd , this is it . If not , buy their old albums and not this one .
 I 've been around a while and sometimes certain hardcore bands can seem a bit distant for me to relate to . This band however , is not the case . Good , fast , packed with emotion hardcore . Get all the Champion stuff . It 's worth it .
 This is true hardcore , half punk half metal -LRB- esque -RRB- , one of the best straight edge hardcore bands I have heard , with a great Gorilla Biscuits cover at the end .
 I stumbled on a great little nugget of unusual repertoireby attending a concert by the artist -LRB- The CD was recently reviewed in Fanfare , if you have access to that pub . -RRB- Timofeyev plays roughly 20 pieces in over 65 minutes of really unusual Russian Romantic music on the native Russian guitar -LRB- 7 strings , tuned to an open G chord -RRB- . His tonal palette is very broad -- he reminds me somewhat of Bream in this regard . It 's a real treat to hear music that has n't been recorded by anyone else . -LRB- Apparently Timofeyev discovered many of the pieces himself in `` lost '' manuscripts he studied while completing his doctorate . -RRB- His concert also included some wonderfully shmaltzy Russian songs for coloratura.Much as I love the Spanish and Latin American masters , it 's a real treat to discover a whole , new , decidedly different tradition to enjoy .
 We were totally unprepared for the sound of the Russian seven-string guitar , tuned -LRB- D-G-B-d-g-b-d ' -RRB- - very different from the classical Spanish guitar , something we would not have known without reading the album booklet . The sound is very `` broad '' - I ca n't describe it any other way , and the recording quality is great . The artist Timofeyev was also a great happy surprise to us , this being the first time we heard his playing . The pieces were unknown to us , since this was our first foray into the world of Ukrainian and Russian traditional airs . I must say that each and every one of the selections is an ABSOLUTE DELIGHT , possibly made even moreso by the pure , rich sound of the Russian guitar . I am guessing that here Timofeyev is playing on gut strings because of the very even temper of sound - none of the faint finger-slip , vibrations , harmonics & twanging you might hear from steel strings -LRB- no matter how expert and sure the performer is ! -RRB- . Now that we 've finally gotten this recording , we are hooked and hungry for more Russian guitar music . Lastly , the album booklet is loaded with information about the instrument and its history . You will enjoy this very unique guitar music greatly .
 This is not really a review but I have a question regarding the second item of the CD
 I really like this album and I think the intent of the musician is somewhat more involved than the lyrics would have you believe . I think he is railing against the church and how it has distorted and destroyed whatever purity there was about the early Christian movement.Musically , the horror film samples work well next to the distorted vocals . The synths sound fantastic and the percussion has a nice amount of grainy distortion added so that the tracks are rarely boring , if at all - they pound , scream and soar through the average sonic boundary.I agree with Virus mag 's review in that this album is not the most original thing out there , but the concept of the album is interesting and keeps it all pieced together . There 's nothing bad about this album per se , but nothing really grabs my attention as being too exciting in terms of originality.Nevertheless , a good album for fans of dark electro/industrial/terror EBM .
 Reading the reviews people have posted for this album , it 's apparent that they do n't quite understand the concept behind this album . So , I 'll begin my review by clarifying it a bit . This album is about war between good and evil in the context of Christianity -LRB- or even more broadly , Abrahamic religion -RRB- . The tracks include the perspective of Evil and the perspective of `` Good '' in terms of trying to recruit others to their side , engaging in the conflict , and the ensuing chaos . It even includes a more neutral , conflicted perspective . Yes the tracks are dark , both musically and lyrically , but they possess a substance and creative expression of a classic concept that you do n't commonly find elsewhere . In any case , the great thing about a person 's appreciation for music is that they can emotionally interpret it how they like , but before you say the album as a whole is anti-God or Satanic , please read the lyrics.As for the musical qualities , some tracks have distorted vocals , others are more instrumental with voice samples from films . All-in-all , the music goes well with the contents of each piece and works wonders on the visual imagination that goes with the subject matter . My personal favorite tracks are `` Disciples of the Watch '' , `` God 's Wrath '' , `` Sweet Evil '' , `` Loss of Faith '' , `` Burning Heaven '' , and `` Psalm '' . In terms of danceability , `` Disciples of the Watch '' is great for waving and gliding and `` Loss of Faith '' is great for popping.If you choose to buy this album , it 's definitely among the better dark electro-industrial works out there . Enjoy !
 I picked up this album at a record store and had no idea what it was going to sound like . When I got in my car and popped it into the CD player , I was hooked from the first track . The production is impressive . The music of Distorted Memory is definitly along the lines of spooky industrial elecronica -LRB- EBM -RRB- . The lyrics are all about religion and why it sucks . I love the song `` Sweet Evil '' , and `` Confession '' most of all . Lyrics like `` redemption for your sins denied , a life of hatred , scorn , and lies '' ... should help give you an idea of artist 's direction . This is a verry aggressive Industrial dance album that borders on violence . Fans of Psyclon Nine , Suicide Cammando , and Grendel wo n't be dissapointed . I consider this to be one of the best Electronic-Industrial albums of 2007 .
 I did n't think that this was ganna be an album that I would enjoy , but I got to hear it all the way through and I think it 's actually excelent . It 's a brutal anti-christian Industrial/EBM band that is shure to please any fan of Suicide Cammando . Verry good production , includes a cool photo of the artist and all the lyrics .
 Musically this album is excellent . It is almost in the same company with other great acts like Grendel and Tactical Sekt
 Both the movie and the soundtrack are near perfection . Both got me straight out of a major depression and into a spell of friskiness instead . The Bloc Party song is the best of all , followed second by ELECTROCUTE -LRB- you can hear it in the trailer -RRB- which is sexy , upbeat , trendy and original . There are also some classical masterpieces on this soundtrack which function somewhat to break up the general feeling of pleading and urgency . It 's a wide range of genres , but flows surprisingly well , though too broad a range to play at once at a party . If you are considering buying this but have reservations , do n't . Relax back and crack out your wallet with confidence . If my praise does n't convince you , remember that it 's a movie about a music addict . Of course the soundtrack has to be great !
 Made in USA in 2004 , Serial # 82876-59262-2 , Playing Time 53:04 This compilation covers the 1980 to 1986 era of the band , and contrarily to most of these `` budget '' releases , it includes , besides some `` classics '' , a few tracks that are a bit harder to find at a reasonable price ... even though there are NO unreleased tracks.Summarized chronologically , tracks 1 and 3 are lifted from the `` Lost in Love '' album -LRB- track 3 is NOT the `` Life Support '' version -RRB- , while tracks 2 and 4 are from the -LRB- spectacular ! -RRB- `` The One That You Love '' album ; I recommend buying both of those albums if you 're an AIR SUPPLY novice ... Tracks 11 and 12 are from the `` Now And Forever '' album , while track 7 was a then-unreleased track from their `` Greatest Hits '' album.The other 5 tracks come from albums that , to purchase nowadays , would cause you to reach deeper in your pockets : Track 8 is from the `` Ghostbusters '' soundtrack , while tracks 5 and 10 are from the 1985 `` Air Supply '' -LRB- not to be confused with their first album of the same name ! -RRB- ; tracks 6 and 9 are from the now hard-to-find -LRB- read `` more expensive to buy '' -RRB- album `` Hearts In Motion '' . Even if this collection has room for another 25 minutes of music , we , at least , get full-length versions of the material.If you 're new to AIR SUPPLY , this is a GREAT collection of tracks ; if your collection has a few holes in it , you at least get a `` sneak preview '' at some of the albums you 're missing.An affordable and enjoyable compilation , and even if the material is almost 20 years old , it does n't sound out-dated at all !
 This is the first album from 15-year old Victoria Galvan -LRB- she was 14 when the album was released -RRB- and her Tejano band , los Chikos . It is an impressive mix of songs , including cumbias , ballads , rancheras , and pop . The title track is catchy , with sing-along lyrics , as are the other cumbias on the CD . A decent remake of Bruce Springsteen 's hit `` Fire '' -LRB- here , it is called `` Fuego '' -RRB- appears on the album , as well as a cute R&B / Rap song that was co-written by Galvan -LRB- `` My Baby 's Gone '' -RRB- . However , the understated ballad , `` Todo Era Gris '' is perhaps the most memorable single on the disc . Galvan may emerge as the leading artist in the Tejano field . The fact that she plays a musical instrument -LRB- the accordion -RRB- differentiates her from most other female Tejano artists . This , coupled with her good vocal abilities , should allow her to dominate the Tejano industry within a few years . Her good looks may help her out a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- in the image-obsessed entertainment world .
 `` PREPARATE '' IS VICTORIA 'S DEBUT CD AND AT 15 SHE IS ACCOMPLISHED AS A YOUNG SINGER AND ACCORDIAN PLAYER . SHE IS UNIQUE IN HER OWN RIGHT AND THE TITLE SONG WILL LEAVE YOU WANTING MORE . SHE IS YOUNG AND HAS A FRESH NEW SOUND TO BRING TO TEJANO , AND SHE CONTINUES TO BRING MORE GREAT MUSIC WITH HER SECOND CD TITLED `` QUE RICO '' , YOU WILL ENJOY THE SOUNDS AND BEATS OF THIS YOUNG ARTISTS MUSIC . TALENT , BEAUTY , AND CHARISMA ARE WHAT MAKES VICTORIA AND HER MUSIC A FINE EXAMPLE OF TEX-MEX . BUY BOTH CD 'S THEY ARE BOTH TOO COOL TO PASS BY !!!!!!!! VICTORIA Y SUS CHIKOS ROCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great little collection of Rock tunes . They 're kind of like Veruca salt meets Area 7 -LRB- another great Austrlian band -RRB- . Hope to see these guys live after listerning to this cd ! Well worth a listen .
 Outstanding all girl rock band . 3 Skulker songs would make my Top 100 songs - Hej , Naughty and Rock Nugget -LRB- this is available on their follow up CD -RRB- . Great live as well .
 This is one of the best bluegrass CD 's out there . It 's 7 years old and I continue to listen to it . Scott Vestal produces some of the tastiest banjo I 've ever heard -LRB- and I 've listened to Bela and the rest forever -RRB- . Each musician is a master on their instruments . The beat is immaculate . I 've been a banjo player for over 25 years and this is one of my favorites .
 This is a great cd , showing the traditional side of bluegrass and the direction it is headed ! I would highly recommend it .
 Human Sacrifice . I dont care what you call it , death metalblues , rock , pop or even jazz . Fact is , it is what it is , the most kick -LSB- ... -RSB- album of all time , full stop . The leadwork is absolutely searing . Far better than some of thegarbage lead work that is so prevalent in so much of todaysmusic , its so obvious some of them have been playing guitarfor all of 2 months . . Human Sacrifice is my pick dont care much for the others .
 Both these albums are essential for any Christian metal head . I 'm sure everybody familiar with the scene knows the story of Roger Martinez by now . But regardless of his beliefs now Roger was a hardcore sincere Christian back in the day . The message in the Vengeance albums are hardcore and should be heeded . No matter what Roger is doing now he is still loved by God . Hopefully he will wise up
 This album is pretty good , but as for Roger 's new direction , he is now an atheist with a severe hatred for the Christianity he once preached . Which brings up the question of was he ever truly saved at all . And if he was n't can this album truly be considered Christian ? Some thoughts to wrestle with ... On a strictly musical review this and Once Dead are great albums but after Roger kicked out , or had a falling out with the other band members the music suffered . If the pauses were taken out between the songs on Destruction Comes , -LRB- In which Roger plays all of the guitars as well as sings -RRB- you would seriously think it is all one long song . pretty sad .
 Yes my friends of this great indstry , this is one of theworld 's finest albums of the decade 1990 . For so long metalhas been classified in a devilish class of its own . But to bringlight in this world of maddness , this group does indeed bring `` spiritual healing '' in there heavenly `` dark '' sound ! this groupdoes not exist anymore , so anything that you buy of this bandis a collector 's piece ! Do n't delay on the purchase of this foryou will miss out on a treat . If you are in to dark and evilsounds , but do go to church , you need to get this gift fromGOD , for this is your album filled with the truth . If you arethe other guy , still do n't miss out on some good music !! Big Nutt
 I remember listening to this band when I was in High School -LRB- early 90 's -RRB- and I was amazed when I found out they where just not another metal band , but a christian metal band at that . . I feel that spreading the word of God using this form of music is AWSOME . . I say that if you like metal bands suchs as -LRB- Death , Venom , Slayer , Destruction , Sodom , Pantera ect . -RRB- Give this band a shot I feel that they will meet up to your standards , they have a crunchy sound , with strong metal chords , you would ` nt know that it was a Christian Metal band untill you read the lyrics . . God Bless !
 I remember listening to this band back in High School , -LRB- Early 90 's -RRB- and I remember when I was told that this wasnt just another Metal band , but that it was a Christian band , this blew my mind . I feel that if you like the bands -LRB- Slayer , Metallica , Megadeth , Pantera , sodom , Death ect . -RRB- you will like Vengence Rising , and the sound of this band is great , they have a chrunchy sound with hard hitting power chords . You will not know that this is a Christian/Metal band untill you have read the lyrics . . Great Buy for both CD 's Good luck and God Bless !!
 These guys rock ! This is some of the best death/thrash I 've ever heard ! Of course , my experience is limited to Human Sacrifice , but if that 's any indication , then the rest of their stuff rocks ! As for the previously mentioned `` new direction '' they 've taken -LRB- previous review -RRB- , I do n't know anything about it , so I ca n't give any pointers . But I would highly suggest these CDs .
 This albumn is awesome ! Vengeance Rising was one of the best thrash/death metal bands around . To bad they changed their musical direction and ruined everything . Their new albumn ` Relms ' is one of the all-time worst albumns ever conceived ; do n't waste your time and your hard earned money on that crap . Buy this cd and one of their first five albumns instead ; they kick ass !!!
 I dont have to make any mention that Human Sacrifice and Once Dead are groundbreaking as far as Christian metal is concerned but what is a travesty is in which the direction Roger Martinez took . So I want to pray for you brother along with all the other ones out there who are pulling for you . No matter if you are a Satanist , Agnostic , Atheist , it doesnt matter , I pray you see the truth that Satan uses all of these in some way as a lie to drive you away from God 's grace . I pray brother that those scales would be removed and that our Lord Jesus Christ can enter back into your heart . Amen .
 I have been listening to these two albums since their release and finally found them on CD ! All the songs are very good and Vengence Rising are damn near musical geniusess !
 I remember listening to this band back in High School , -LRB- Early 90 's -RRB- and I remember when I was told that this wasnt just another Metal band , but that it was a Christian band , this blew my mind . I feel that if you like the bands -LRB- Slayer , Metallica , Megadeth , Pantera , sodom , Death ect . -RRB- you will like Vengence Rising , and the sound of this band is great , they have a chrunchy sound with hard hitting power chords . You will not know that this is a Christian/Metal band untill you have read the lyrics . . Great Buy for both CD 's Good luck and God Bless !!
 Decided while in H. S. to record my radio stuff -LRB- could n't afford tapes or CD 's then -RRB- I came across this `` Ca n't Get Out '' song and thought Dude , who in Hell sings it ? Remember -LRB- my audiagraphic memory -RRB- `` Once Dead '' as the Radio Guy `` Woody Wood '' or some such said . So now a thousand years later I find it on this site and deside to buy it and it is as I remembered then .
 Thank God for my christian friend who introduced me to this band , Vengeance Rising.The first two albums are my favorites eventhough I love all four of them . Too bad the band 's singer Martinez decided to part , ever since that , Vengeance rising is no more .
 Marina Piccinini is my favorite flautist -- her musicality , tone , and technique is better than anybody else out there , and I only hope that more people will learn about her .
 I 've actually played a few shows with the Scaries . This record really captures their non-stop onstage energy . This the kind of CD I tend to play a lot during the summer , when I 'm driving around with my friends . When the first two words come in , you know it 's gon na rock . `` Do n't saaaaayyyyyy ... you needed space ! '' There 's just a lot of solid songwriting ability here , matched with lightning-fast guitars . Highly reccomended .
 i honestly cant descibe this cd -LRB- or their other release `` souvinire '' -RRB- as anything but insanely incredibly awsome and perfect ! i personally know the band , and the lead singer/guitarest very well , and they are also some of the sweetest , nicest , friendliest , kindest , all around good guys i 've ever met . this cd has insightful lyrics and insanely fast songs ... something i catagorize as pure punk rock . they also have insane energy on stage , and put on one of the best live shows i 've ever seen , jumping around , sometimes breaking things ... they play with such emotion , you know this isnt just a regular band , but one who cares about what they do and the music that they play ... if you ever get the chance , get down to chapel hill and see them , its well worth it ! i couldnt ever ask for anything more !
 Hey i grew up with the leader singer and guitarist of this band ! The album is a great tribute to his musical as well as his song writing abilities.It is a tribute to a life filled with the losing and gaining of women which i think inspired the music and the lyrics that make this album the quality that it is!Years from now this will be a punk classic !
 These guys list bands like the Ramones , Descendents , Jawbreaker and Metallica as influences . And they 're all there . But mainly the Ramones and Descendents . The music is fast - unbelievably so - but never loses the melody . Songs are about being dumped - the topic of some of the greatest songs ever . And hey , you 've got to love a band who writes a power ballad and actually calls it ` Power Ballad ' . Buy it .
 ... and sly challenges for the performer 's fingers are the hallmarks of the fifty-two compositions , all for harpsichord , that have survived from the musical career of Jacque Duphly -LRB- 1715-1789 -RRB- , known to his contemporaries better as a teacher and tasteful keyboardist , reputed to have the lightest `` touch '' of any harpsichordist in Paris . Do n't assume , however , that Duphly is utterly unknown today ; you 'll be surprised -- pleasantly , I think -- to discover that amazon lists 59 CDs under his name , with half a dozen devoted to his works alone . He 's beloved , in effect , by harpsichordists , for reasons that will be obvious once you listen to this charming interpretation of thirteen of his most ambitious miniatures . He 's a `` player 's choice '' , which is supremely appropriate since the four volumes of his `` etudes '' that he published were intended chiefly for harpsichordists , both amateur and professional . Cellist Elisabeth Le Guin writes of Duphly that `` one senses that Duphly 's object is as much to give gratification to the hands of the player as to the ears of the listener . `` There 's plenty of gratification for the ears , nevertheless , in this music , which stands comparison to the harpsichord works of Rameau and Domenico Scarlatti in both style and quality . The pieces are characterized by dense figuration in both hands , expressive attention to the bass lines and to the lower timbres of the instrument , and wittily shifting rhythms . It 's quite evanescent , Duphly 's music , never stiff or labored , and it never degenerates in bizarre virtuosity for mere display as did much of French Baroque keyboard music . If Duphly was as agreeable a person as his music , he would surely have been welcome in the elite society of Paris in the 1760s . Indeed the titles of many of his pieces seem to allude to his friends -- artists , musicians , theater people and intellectuals.One of that circle of friends was the acclaimed harpsichord builder Pascal Taskin , whose instruments were in a sense the culmination of generations of interaction between composers and luthiers . The instrument we usually call today the `` French double harpsichord '' was the `` clavecin '' of Taskin 's workshop , and Taskin himself regarded Duphly as one of its most able exponents . The harpsichord played on this CD is a `` French double manual '' clavecin built by John Phillips . Since Phillips was also one of the sound engineers for this CD , one could assume , correctly , that the recording captures the timbres of the instrument with realism and vibrancy.Refinement and sensibility -- touch and taste -- were the central aesthetic values of mid-18th Century high culture . Harpsichordist Katherine Roberts Perl exhibits both in this performance . Her `` touch '' is subtle and sure , much as Duphy 's must have been , and her `` taste '' is evident in her selection of tempi for these various pieces , including chaconnes , menuets , courantes , and free fantasies . `` Taste '' on these pieces is largely the ability to reveal their fleeting moods , and Perl does that exquisitely . `` Touch '' on these pieces requires delicate balance between the left hand ` grounds ' with the idiomatic ornamentations of the right hand , and again , Perl does it exquisitely . Duphly 's music was still of the era of `` sprezzatura '' , of mastery that seemed effortless . It 's unquestionably an aristocratic virtue , sprezzatura , and Duphly 's music was certainly an embodiment of the `` ancien regime '' . Perhaps it 's revealing that , as French culture ground its way toward repudiation of that ancien regime , Duphly apparently abandoned his art and perhaps even his instrument , and chose to live in comfortable obscurity for the last twenty years of his life . He died on the fifteenth of July , 1789 , one day after the storming of the Bastille.KatherineRoberts Perl has also recorded three CDs of the harpsichord works of JS Bach , which are currently available on amazon only as downloads . She is one of the most artful harpsichordists in the USA these days , so let 's hope her other CDS are soon made more available .
 This 65 minute CD is full of joyous , swinging , solo piano . Ian Bargh , born in Scotland , but resident in Toronto , Canada , is a first-call accompanist for American soloists on their Toronto club dates . And one can see why . He has a driving two-handed style , and one never gets the feeling that 's anything 's missing.Bargh 's style is closer to swing than bop , though he romps with no problem through the bop anthem `` Cherokee . '' When he breaks into stride I 'm very much reminded of Dave McKenna . Furthermore , Bargh tackes a wide variety of standards , including some lesser known ballads such as `` When April Comes Again . '' Bargh handles the ballads with sensitivity , but never lets them become too sentimental or dreamy ; his style is far too straightahead for that . With Ian Bargh , swing is never just around the corner ; it 's always right at hand ! My personal favorites on the CD are Duke Ellington 's `` Sernade to Sweden '' and Bargh 's stomping blues `` The Price Was Right . '' This CD , beautifully recorded on a Steinway piano in 1994 , was not released until 2000 . But music of this kind is timeless . Lovers of mainstream jazz will find this to be a delightful CD . If you 've come this far in checking out Ian Bargh , do n't let anything stop you from going all the way and purchasing this fine CD .
 From the first moment I heard I Muvrini 's only release in this country , &Agrave; Bercy -LRB- Mondo Melodia 96 -RRB- ; I was struck by the power of their music . I knew I not only had to seek out more of their music ; but the music of Corsica in general . They -LRB- and the music of Corsica -RRB- have become a regular feature of my Friday Global Village ... . Their most current c.d. , `` A Strada '' , is a double c.d. and is a retrospective of their work of the past ten years or so -LRB- they have been recording for more than 20 years -RRB- . One of the c.d. 's is a compilation of some of their `` best original '' songs and the other c.d. in the set , separately titled `` Pulifunie '' , is in the traditional polyphonic style of singing of Corsica.The group is led by brothers , Jean-Franois and Alain Bernardini , who possess two of the most extraordinary voices I have ever heard . Alain has a sweet and clear voice that comes straight from his heart , while Jean-Franois , the composer and poet in the group , has a rich and passionate voice that comes from deep in his soul . They sing in Corsican which -LRB- like Italian -RRB- is a beautiful and expressive language.They grew up in a small village in northern Corsica . Their father , Jules Bernardini , was a poet and singer . When Alan and Jean-Franois were children , their father taught them to sing they performed with him on tiny stages outdoors in the villages of Corsica . In the 1970 's , they collaborated with the group U Cantu Populu Corsu . Later , they formed I Muvrini -LRB- Les Mouflons , in french -RRB- and originally recorded on the main Corsican label Ricordu . They now record on their own label -- AGFB Productions.They are backed by a group of excellent musicians including Malagasy accordion player , Regis Gizavo , French hurdy-gurdy player , Gilles Chabenant and Corsican cetera player , Jean Bernard Rongiconi . They also add the modern elements of keyboards , drums , and synthesizers to very good and tasteful effect.I Muvrini are Corsica 's most popular and successful group both inside Corsica and in western Europe . Amazingly , they are almost unknown in this country ; but it is one of my goals in life to amend that !
 From the first moment I heard I Muvrini 's only release in this country , &Agrave; Bercy -LRB- Mondo Melodia 96 -RRB- ; I was struck by the power of their music . I knew I not only had to seek out more of their music ; but the music of Corsica in general . They -LRB- and the music of Corsica -RRB- have become a regular feature of my Friday Global Village Their most current c.d. , `` A Strada '' , is a double c.d. and is a retrospective o their work of the past ten years or so -LRB- they have been recording for more than 20 years -RRB- . One of the c.d. 's is a compilation of some of their `` best original '' songs and the other c.d. in the set , separately titled `` Pulifunie '' , is in the traditional polyphonic style of singing of Corsica.The group is led by brothers , Jean-Franois and Alain Bernardini , who possess two of the most extraordinary voices I have ever heard . Alain has a sweet and clear voice that comes straight from his heart , while Jean-Franois , the composer and poet in the group , has a rich and emotionally passionate that comes from deep in his soul . They sing in Corsican which -LRB- like Italian -RRB- is a beautiful and expressive language . They grew up in a small village in northern Corsica . Their father , Jules Bernardini , was a poet and singer . When Alan and Jean-Franois were children , their father taught them to sing and they performed with him on tiny stages -LRB- often building them themselves outdoors in the villages of Corsica . In the 1970 's , they collaborated with the group U Cantu Populu Corsu . Later , they formed I Muvrini -LRB- Les Mouflons , in french -RRB- and originally recorded on the main Corsican label Ricordu . They now record on their own label -- AGFB Productions.They are backed by a group of excellent musicians including Malagasy accordion player , Regis Gizavo , French hurdy-gurdy player , Gilles Chabenant and Corsican cetera player , Jean Bernard Rongiconi . They also add the modern elements of keyboards , drums , and synthesizers to very good and tasteful effect.I Muvrini are Corsica 's most popular and successful group both inside Corsica and in western Europe . Amazingly , they are almost unknown in the USA ; but it is one of my goals in life to amend that !
 This is the best of i muvrini ... powerful , haunting and sweet ! I first heard this album while in Corte on the wonderful island of Corsica last May , and it remains one of the albums I continue to enjoy often . I have to admit that the album , for me , triggers fantastic memories of a month in Corsica ... its people , its land and its food . But the music of `` a strada '' holds its own as a beautiful and compelling harmony of voices and instruments .
 I could not agree more with my fellow fan , Gypsy Flores , except that `` the little Mufflons '' are live on stage even better then on CD . I had the pleasure to see them live a couple of times in their annual summer tour in Corsica and it blows you out
 According to my tradition , I always buy a CD at the Virgin record store in the Charles De Gaulle airport when I am leaving to come back to the States . Last time I just happened to buy I Muvrini 's A Strada , and I have to say I was blown away . I do n't want to rehash what has been already said here , but the music is entrancing and just sublime . The best word I can think to describe it is soaring . If you like world music , or fantastic music in general , buy this album . You will not be disappointed.I generally hold off on five-star reviews unless the music really reaches me . The last album I gave five stars to was Jay-Z 's The Black Album . A Strada , though very very different and a completely different musical style , is just as good in that the music just reaches you .
 Michael Omartian / Contemporary MozartYear
 There is a wide variety of Latin on this CD
 Amongst the plethora of CDs currently available devoted to the great Italian tenor Tito Schipa -LRB- 1889-1956 -RRB- , this is one of the outstanding bargains . It offers a 61 minute recital divided into four sections . First comes the `` arie antiche '' items . Then follow three groups of popular songs dedicated respectively to Naples , Venice , and Lecce , and sung in the dialects of those cities . Schipa himself had a hand in creating or arranging several of the songs.Aficionados of singers of the past will have encountered this singer in numerous anthologies and collections , if not in CD recitals devoted to him . The voice was not particularly beautiful or robust in tone , but it was used with classic delicacy and artistic allure , even in the songs that clearly depict knockabout fun . Unlike many singers of today , moreover , he enunciated language brilliantly . Listen to this CD from the far end of your house or while you are in the shower , and you 'll be in no doubt about what vowel or consonant is being sung . The way the `` r '' is rolled at the beginning of `` Le Violette '' is an example of this remarkable vocalising.Immensely popular with audiences and admired by colleagues -LRB- including Beniamino Gigli -RRB- , he was apparently a little unscrupulous in his later years . Italian baritone Tito Gobbi recounted that he too admired him immensely but never felt comfortable singing with him , especially in `` Il Barbiere di Siviglia '' . He eventually discovered that Schipa 's luggage contained orchestral parts for the opera transposed down a tone . Shipa arranged secretly for the transposed parts to be substituted , resulting in the ageing Schipa coping well with the tenor part but the youthful Gobbi being forced to growl his low notes .
 With respects to the other reviewer , I thought the brisk tempi brought an excitement that added interest to the works . So often , I find `` historically informed '' performances to be technically interesting , but the music does n't quite come off the page . In this recording , the `` informed '' gestures are present and the music leaps about the room . I return to it with frequency .
 I 've never encountered the above Amazon reviewer boefore , but I cna only echo his enthusiasm for this jazzy riff on famous and not so famous Bernstien tunes . Proteus 7 is a modified brass quintet , and such ensembles , since they derive from music conservatories and symphony orchestras , generally feel squzre . Proteus is n't immune to a few flat-footed rhythms , but they soar above other recent Bernstein tribues in his centenary year -LRB- EMI reached into its back catalog for leaden and/or sleepy performances , including those by Leonard Slatkin that garnered good reviews in the 80s -RRB- . This is a CD of tidbits , centering on a single melody at a time . That 's its only limitation , really . After half a dozen two-minute excerpts you feel that Bernstein is being put through a Cuisinart . But I 'm not complaining . At the ridiculously low price of this tribute at Amazon Marketplace , anyone can afford to taste its delights . Dorian 's sonics , by the way , are of demonstration quality .
 Thanks ! This was the perfect Father 's Day gift for my dad ! From ordering , to shipping , to getting it on time ... I was pleased with every aspect and the product was exactly as promised . Thanks a million !
 I love this cd very much it a wonderful collection . It I think a better collection then the other one because it does n't have all of the english songs to see every time we look at a Selena cd . So because of that I think it wonder . The spanish song are the same way it got the songs that we do n't see . I think this is a great collection because this is the true meaning of selena .
 Lisa Lopez expresses the most sincere feelings when she sings the ballads on her album
 She has an awesome singing voice and she has been a talent for over 20 years .
 Eastern Iowa native David Zollo rocks out on his 2nd solo CD since the breakup of his `` High & Lonesome '' band . He 's played with Todd Snider and Iowa 's own Greg Brown . On the opener `` While You Undress , '' David takes a page out of the Delbert McClinton handbook on good rocking songs and shakes his tail feathers . He follows this up with a spiritual sentiment and guitar that brings George Harrison & Tom Petty to mind , like the Willbury 's lost cousin , on `` Eye of the Needle . '' The title track showcases Zollo 's piano on a slower tune with a pretty melody . My favorite track is `` Get Away , '' the only one that Zollo did n't write , a driving rocker that could be rock or country . `` Lonesome Childhood '' is a slower reflective tune . `` Respect Ai n't a One-Way Street '' is a midtempo track with a great bit of homespun wisdom . The CD concludes with `` Driftwood from Kerry , '' `` Your sweet body calls to me ; I will soon be there . '' This is an excellent set , very strong in its consistency . As a U of Iowa grad , it 's nice to hear these sounds from home ! They play real well down Carolina way ! Enjoy !
 `` The Big Night , '' is a breakthrough album for David Zollo . After a Tenure in Iowa 's `` High and Lonesome , '' and a collection of solo albums each building upon the last , this album presents itself as the matured Zollo in good form . The music is the sound of Iowa , with its dirt roads and endless fields of corn . This is the sound of honky tonk Barn parties sung by a throat as scratchy as brillo pad . Check it out .
 I like this album better than any country album I 've bought in a while . Not that it is country really , I do n't know , is it Alt-Country , Rock , Roots , Folk-rock ??? You tell me . Either way , if you like Bob Dylan , The Rolling Stones , and Willie Nelson like I do , you will enjoy this album .
 I normally do not review CD 's here , but I felt compelled to on this one . This music is so deep , the lyrics are sometimes hopeful , sometimes melancholy , but always have plenty of meaning . Hearing David 's voice on record is like speaking to an old friend , its warm , and full of soul , and life experiences . The guitar interplay on this is also very good . If you like the Rolling Stones , the Faces , the Black Crowes , or any music that has talent with deep lyrical content , please buy this album . Talents like David Zollo do not come often .
 Dave has outdone himself with this album . This is his third `` solo '' album on the independant label he runs in Iowa City called Trailer Records . Dave can sound like rock n roll , folk , Alt-Country , and bluesy among other unknown or unnamed styles . The Big Night explores these different musical styles and puts them together to form his unique sound . If you like Bob Dylan , Greg Brown , Todd Snider , The Rolling Stones , or any similar atists you should give this album a try .
 Lovely pieces , nicely performed , including three of the four lyrical pieces of Fanny Hensel 's op. 8 and three of the four of her op. 6 . I would have preferred all eight and not Felix 's Serious Variations again , but good to hear brother and sister on the same `` program . ''
 This is the way rock-n-roll should sound . I ca n't listen to it loud enough . Completely and totaly rocks . Ca n't recommend it HIGH enough .
 THESE GUYS JUST GET EVEN MORE DIRTIER , NASTIER , HORNIER , DRUNKER , AND JUST PLAIN F$ # % ING GROSSER EACH ALBUM !!!!! SAY SOMETHING DIRTY IS SOOOOOOOO GREAT , IT GIVES THE IMPRESSION YOU 'RE LISTENING TO SOME CHICK GETTING HORNY WHILE A GUY BEATS THE S$ #T OUT OF HIS OLD MAN !!!!!!! I PLAY THIS ALL THE TIME MY GIRLFRIEND COMES OVER , AND BELIEVE IT SHE WANTS ME TO SAY SOMETHING DIRTY !!!!!!!!
 BMF WISDOM >> > I may be a little biased cause in my eyes there is really no other rock band around today that comes close to Nashville Pussy . Today , Finally I got the new CD . Half way through the songs now and I can say this ; After hearing a few of the songs live already , I definatley like the way they work in the studio . Blaine sounds awesome in particular . The songs sound great . Most importantly THEY KICK ... and what else would you expect from this band ? They give 200 % at EVERY live performance and it translates great in the studio . The album starts off with a spoken work intro by some dude ranting about what else but PUSSY . Then the opening riffs to `` Say Something Nasty '' starts and you know right away that this album is gon na be classic Nashville Pussy.The song `` Here 's to your destruction '' has a kind of ` boogie woogie ' flavor to it that really shows that Ruyter can play anything she wants to and play it like no other . If you have ever wondered why NP fans are so intense and loyal to this band , just get a copy of this CD and all your questions will be answered . Go see them live and you too will be a follower for life .
 My favorite bands have allways been Rocknblues bands , Edgar and Johnny Winter , Black Oak Arkansas and Lynyrd Skynyrd to name a few . Nashville Pussy mirrors the best of these bands with a fresh approach . They are brothers and sisters of the road and it shows in there untouchable live shows and now a cd to match it .
 This record rips the knobs off of everything what ai n't Turbonegro . Less Skynard-damaged than the last joint , the AC/DC fixation - which was the point all along - has pretty much overcome the music . This is a good thing . It oughta be illegal how much better Ruyter 's guitar has gotten and we now have an Angus-clone a guy can really ... uhhhhhh ... appreciate . Blaine 's just about as dead-on rightious as it gets in the realm of straight-up r 'n' r and , yeah , it 's only sex , dope and boogie refried eddlessly for three decades but the cleverness still seeps out the cracks .
 If you like your Rock 'n' Roll hard , nasty , and dirty this is the band for you . Buy this CD , you will not be disappointed !!!! You have to see them live because they put on a Great Show ! This band gives hope for the future of Rock 'n' Roll .
 I mean it 's good , but when I put it next to the blistering first two releases , this is definitely in third place . When bands start doing covers of Deringer 's rock N roll hoochie coo it 's either a lack of new materiel or a shift in direction . Me thinks this is Blaine 's Dixie fried influences coming through ! Thought the pussy intro was a bit juvenile too . All that being said , most of the album still kicks butt ! Like all previous comments , they were a blast to see live - - my ears whined for days thanks to a front row pearch in front of rock goddess Ruyter and her Marshall stack . All in all a good guitar rock album , just not as good as the previous ones !
 A great -LSB- rear-end -RSB- - kickin ' record from a hardworking band that is as fun as it is good . Some great rock 'n' roll tunes on this album with choruses you 'll be chanting in your head after just a few listens . If you have the chance , go see a live NP show . Not only are the band members refreshingly entertaining , they 're extremely talented too .
 This album SMOKES ! Tongue-in-Cheek lyrics , awesome guitars , play it loud and proud in your hotrod . The Circle Jerks cover is great ! This one rocks harder and has me humming the songs much more than their 2nd album . They 're on tour right now so go see em if you can .
 much better than `` High as Hell '' , even the cover of `` Rock 'n' Roll Hoochie Coo '' kicks butt . This was my personal pick for best album of 2002 . Go see them live , too -- they put on a very entertaining show ! ! ! !
 Loud , crude and rude the way ROCK was ment to be .
 This new NP CD kicks major -LSB- rear-end -RSB- . My only complaint is the Rick Derringer song RocknRoll Hoochie Coo.I hate this song and every MF has recorded this song.The rest of the CD makes up for this song though.Nashville Pussy is AWESOME .
 this cd is a good buy and you will be glad of your purchase . It has many artists which is nice because you do n't have to listen to one artist
 I love folk music anyway , but this CD is really something special ! The words of Civil War letters come alive in the music . I had ancestors who fought in this war . Now I understand a little more about what they were fighting about .
 Inspiring music , some tracks touching -LRB- Heaven Is Less than Fair -RRB- and -LRB- Pretty Little Bird -RRB- ; some inspiring -LRB- Goodbye to Old Ohio ; Captain -RRB- and some revealing of the truths of the feelings of the time -LRB- John Copeland -RRB- . Not too much music of today can bring a tear to the eye , but this one will certainly pull on your heartstrings . Highly recommended !
 Magpie 's retelling of the John Brown Saga is filled with energy . It reflects careful research into the Harper 's Ferry insurrection and uses the research to shape the music . `` Bound for Old Ohio '' conveys the sense of purpose in the army ; `` Mary Brown , Abolitionist '' and `` Pretty Little Bird '' show the strength of the characters who supported the men who fought . Yet , songs , like `` Heaven is less than Fair '' and `` Dangerfield '' are so tender they bring tears to my eyes.The album as a whole awoke in me the feeling of duty with which John Brown fought and died .
 I was given this CD as a gift . I have enjoyed it for a long time . I would also recommend the `` Spoken In Love '' CD . Since it was given as a gift , I then purchased additional copies to give out to anyone interested in John Brown or Harpers Ferry .
 What a blast ! This CD pulls influences from all over . Though grounded in Surf , jazz , world music , & a number of other influences are here . Most impressive is that they never seem to reach to bring the disparate influences to bear ; they always make sense in the context of the song . I defy you to listen to this CD & not find yourself humming the melody to Beach Ball for the next 3 days .
 For all of us who feel stupid buying a britney spears CD , or get tired of 16 year old bands who only know one chord sing of their teen angst , FEZ is the savation ! The musicianship is superb , the songs are great -LRB- including a wickedly dangerous version of the surf classic PIPELINE -RRB- and the whole cd just flat out rocks beginning to end ! The title track `` WORLD DOMINATION ON $ 3 A DAY '' is a musical blitzkreig that leaves you gasping for air . Duck and cover , 'cause you 've never head anything like it!KREWE OF FEZ takes you to a disco Mardi Gras parade and the only way Thunder Swing wo n't haveyour toes tappin is if you are a corpse ! I 'm sure BEACHBALL is going to be the new theme song to some nick at nite show , -LRB- And we can only hope TV really gets that cool ! -RRB- and MONKEYBOY STROLL and YOU KEEP TELLING ME are both instantlate night classics ! There 's not a weak song on the album ! Here 's to FEZ !!! This album is AWESOME !
 Nothing says summer like a little fez on the boom box , a manly chunk of meat on the grill and a girlish frozen fruit drink in hand . I love their frivolous play with classics like Bizet 's Carmen and the jazz standard Caravan but it 's the original Beach Ball that really gets the toes a tappin ' .
 Listening to FEZ makes summer last forever.Surf boards , margaritas and hurricanes.Summer love and all the good times are rolled intoone HOT !!! CD . I predict FEZ will be THE # 1 SurfJazz combo in the near future .
 Makes me want to get up and dance ! It also makes me long for a tropical island , tiki torches , and Hurricanes -LRB- the drink , not the phenomena -RRB- . Recommend to everyone .
 Kick-off your shoes and socks , dig your toes into imaginary sand , push play on the CD player and get ready to be wiped-out by the fez and WORLD DOMINATION ON $ 3 A DAY . By the time you realize the surf 's up you are too lost in the music to care about the waves or leaving your listening spot . The first sound you hear on this album is a needle finding the groove on a vinyl record . Once you 've recognized what you 've heard the title track is sending you into a foot-tapping frenzy . `` Krewe of Fez '' settles into a reflective mood with cool guitar riffing from Monkeyboy and a solid accompaniment by Chaos on bass and Mr. White on drums . Brian Setzer has nothing on these cats as they swing up a storm on `` Thunder Swing . '' I can imagine what fez would do to an audience dressed in zoot-suites as this tune gets cookin ' . Cut 5 eases the tempo into a lush romantic guitar based love song and `` Venus , Planet of Love '' is an apropros title . `` Monkeyboy Stroll '' gets the action swinging again with mesmeristic guitar , and a wonderful organ counterpoint adds drive to the energy . Chaos and Mr. White provide the bed that the groove lays in , as usual . The last refrain rises to a `` wake-the-dead-and-let 's - dance '' level ... way out ! On track 7 we are treated to a much welcomed update of the classic `` Pipeline . '' The music is so familiar to anyone over the punk-rock/alternative eras . I even bought a '66 Mosrite guitar I so admired those groups playing surf music back then -LRB- still have it , BTW -RRB- . Anyway , this is a fresh cover of one of the all time fav songs-good job fellas . Okay , when # 8 arrives you 're ready to cash out some of your 401K and buy yourself a Woody and a new board . Ca n't remember where you put those baggies ? Does n't matter . Leave work early and get to the beach is the message here . The intro to `` Beach Ball '' is reminiscent of those beach party movies and then it thrusts forward into a head-bobbing , hand-clapping ditty that 'll have 'em bouncing off the walls til closing time . I ca n't help but reflect on high school proms and unforgotten girlfriends when I listen to `` You Keep Telling Me -LRB- You Belong to Me -RRB- . '' The easy melody and essence is as if the music were my dance partner . -LSB- Music -RSB- `` I wish I could caress , and kiss '' Jimi Hendriz once mused in a song . Ah , the lights are low , her perfume is pleasing , my mouth next to her ear , she 's cooing in agreement , time is suspended for oldtimes sake . `` Hurricane Georges Bizet '' beckons us once more to the water 's edge to contemplate whether or not we want another wave to catch or another Daiquiri to sip . . Up and down in tempo , this number does its job well at taking us for a ride , one that is well worth it in terms of enjoyment . `` Caravan '' closes the CD and bring full-circle the fact that fez is no group of pimple-faced `` just got my instrument for Christmas '' garage wannabes . This is talented and well rehearsed players who take making music seriously . Pop radio and record stores will get up-to-speed on this well kept secret and sleeper of an album , so take heed ; fez will not be ignored for long . This CD will remain in rotation in my player for quite a while to come . Get yourself a Daiquiri , put on your fez -LRB- CD & hat -RRB- and `` hang '' Dude , but leave those shoes behind .
 Adding FEZ to the mix of a party makes it really happen ! My favorite is BEACH BALL . Wish they had a video !
 Nice to hear a band that does n't depend on vocals -- this music is impressive of its own accord . Very entertaining album , with a little something for everyone -- surf , jazz , blues , exotica ... goes over great at parties . Excellent guitar work .
 great song but the important thing is that `` Ten per cent '' by Double Exposure 12 '' 45RPM was the VERY FIRST 12 '' vinyl single ever pressed . just for those that dont know . so this is a collectors item .
 I still remember when i was 7 and my sister bought this CD . I have heard this album for 10 years and i still enjoy all the songs except Pleasure little treasure . The album is really dark with deep unknown meaning . Out of the songs , i still enjoy `` Things you said '' . so if you are thinking of getting this CD , i say go for it !
 This album benefits highly from the remastering . It sounds so much more present and nuanced now . I 'm hearing things I always missed before and getting a lot more enjoyment out of it.I do n't care that the USA version does n't have SACD , I ca n't play SACD anyway , and most ca n't either . The bonus DVD with surround mix of the album and extras is icing on the cake!The older the album , the more it can benefit from remastering and this album is no execption-it sounds sooo much better ! I tried a listening test between this remaster and the original CD and was totally blown away by the remaster !
 This is another one of DM 's classic works . This album stands out as being one of Depeche Mode 's best albums along with their Some Great Reward and Black Celebration . I would say that this is Depeche Mode 's best album after Some Great Reward . This is one of my all time favorite DM albums . This album really has some classic DM material . This album contains one of Depeche Modes best and classic tracks Strangelove . How can any DM fan say that Strangelove is not one of Depeche Mode 's best . Music for the Masses is an entire musical work of art . It is just one great song after another with classic DM electronic gloom instrumentation . Never let me down again starts off this radiant album followed by Martin sung Things You Said . Then comes Strangelove an all time DM classic hit . Do n't forget that Behind the Wheel is also on this album . It is another unforgettable DM track . This album also contains several instrumental tracks in which Depeche Mode utilizes their eccentric skill . Instrumental tracks that stand out is the most popular and beautiful Pimph and Agent Orange.Anyone that is a true Depeche Mode fan has this album in their collection . It is one of the best ever !
 This is Depeche Mode 's most professional-sounding album . And to me , it 's also their best . No cheesy songs in the vein of `` Just Ca n't Get Enough '' , or mediocre sleep-inducing synth garbage like their stuff off Exciter ; Music for the Masses was the pinnacle of DM 's career -LRB- in terms of the maturity of the songs and the musicianship -RRB- . It 's better than Violator too . The only thing that has going for it was `` Enjoy the Silence '' . ... DM have now run out of ideas , and their latest release makes this glaringly obvious . Give up the fake happiness you 're wallowing in , guys , and give us something that harkens back to the dark music we love you for ! This is one fan who refuses to buy subpar DM releases ... trust me , DM have never been better than on MftM.Standouts : Never Let Me Down AgainStrangeloveLittle 15To Have and to HoldTo Have and to Hold -LSB- Spanish Taster -RSB-
 Forget about Violator , this is the record that stands above all others in the Depeche Mode catalogue . Easily the bands most intriguing , weird and wonderful record to date . No other album from the band sounds so unique so true to their own unforgettable style . From start to finish this album takes the listener on an unmissable journey starting with the the stadium shaking ` Never let me down again ' to the emotional extremity of ` The things you said ' and ' I want you now ' . The thing that makes this album so appealing is that it showcases Depeche at their best . Social and sexual renegades who clearly do not fit into any sort of mainstream conformity . This record is not cliched at all and is possibly their most underground sounding record . Truly a modern masterpiece that surely must lay claim to be one of the finest electronic records yet recorded .
 This is a GREAT album , no question about it . It 's a little heavier than `` Violator '' which I also have -LRB- I need more DM CDs !! Sob , sob ... -RRB- but that 's why it 's so cool . I think that DM was experimenting on this album with some stuff , but the result is fantastic !! I absolutely can not get enough of the `` Never Let Me Down Again '' remix because the beat is so ... so big and in your face , and oh my gosh it 's just such an intese , dancy song!I also really like `` The Things You Said '' because it 's slow and pensive and quiet . `` Strangelove '' is also terrific -LRB- especially the end ... you 'll see if you get this CD ! -RRB- ; `` I Want You Now '' is just flat-out provocative and daring -LRB- another cool song , great for listening to with the one you love , hehe ... -RRB- ; `` To Have and to Hold '' is dreary and depressing , yes , but oh-so-powerful . I love the mutterings in German at the beginning too , and when the beat comes in it sounds angry , determined . A definite favorite of mine . `` To Have and to Hold '' sort of melts into the perky `` Nothing '' which is a totally ironic song . It 's all about how life is full of , well , nothing , but Dave sounds so light and casual when he sings it . The rest is a blend of strange , wonderful melodies and sounds that are what make DM so loveable and original . `` Music for the Masses '' has something for everyone on it . It will inspire and stimulate you , make you happy or pensive ; all in all , it 's just terrific .
 Among Depeche Mode albums , this is definitely one of their best . Although the songs are not dancable , they are all very good and give an example of techno/synth in another style . It also contains some remixes of the songs which can be quite good . The album 's best feature is the melodramatic sound and the haunting music . Also , you can listen to the full and original versions of Never Let Me Down Again , Strangelove , and Behind the Wheel in which there was a lot of remixing done for The Singles . This is a very beautiful album with great songs . I recommend it to anyone wanting to know a bit about Depeche Mode or an old fan .
 A glossy and well produced full digital recording , I believe this is their best . `` The Things You Said '' one of the best tracks on this CD , lyrics and composition , may remind one of high school semantics . This album is filled with solid tracks such as the terribly dramatic and profound `` Little 15 '' . `` Behind the Wheel '' & `` Pimpf '' would be next along with the great and somewhat experimental piece `` Agent Orange '' .
 This was the release that did it for Depeche Mode . Powered by such outstanding tracks as Strangelove , Behind The Wheel and Never Let Me Down Again , Music For The Masses shot these synthpop masters straight into superstardom . Combined with great production , Depeche Mode themselves have yet to match this catchy , beautiful recording . A must for any New Wave/Synthpop collection .
 I bought this album in 1987 and was utterly amazed by it . Each time I listened to it , I felt like I was being taken on a dark journey of images and places I 've never known or seen before . I still remember how much I anticipted DM 's next album `` Violator '' and felt slighty dissapointed with every other DM album thereafter because although they had some great songs , they never provided the journey that this album does . The only other album that comes close is Black Celebration . I have every single DM album and single on this planet but I 'd have to say that this is the only one I pull up from time to time -- and love every second of the journey it takes me on .
 DM has anchored my cd collection for 16 years and is this 30 year old 's favorite band . Music for the Masses , to me , is their quintessential album and an excellent introduction for newbies . For those of us who appreciate their middle years when they had perfected their trademark sound , this fine offering has it all . Operatic , sweeping , and epic , their unique dark beat pulses throughout . The hypnotic effect worked by Never Let Me Down Again is complemented by the austerely mysterious longing of Little 15 and the pleading of I Want you Now . There are , surprisingly to some , ` light ' moments on the album w / Pleasure Little Treasure causing brief uplifting only to be plunged downward once more by the heavy , introspective To Have and To Hold . Pimpf introduces one to beautiful piano and then the sonic subtleties of a desperate work camp , complete with swaying chants . But , my favorite of the album and also of the band themselves , is Strangelove . Combining the boys ' patent kinky take on love and lust , it throbs forth infectiously , daring one to ... `` give in to sin , because I like to practice what I preach . '' The DM mystique bloomed fully after the release of this album and their subsequent tour . Their follow up live album 101 contains the concert versions of the majority of these songs . Similar offerings can be heard in later songs like Halo and It 's No Good . As the guys continue to press on it 's enjoyable to go back and listen to some milestones . Highly recommended .
 Another classic from Depeche Mode . The US version even adds bonus tracks which are extremely enjoyable as well . This is the music you want to remember from the 80 's !
 well maybe not better but just as good!if your a new DM fan then get this first.when i first heard `` never let me down again '' i couldnt stop playng it , i love that song so much!my other fav 's would be strangelove , behind the wheel , hing . theres a song 4 everyone on here so please take a listen !
 i love this cd the most of every depeche mode cd i have , even though im not as big a fan as i used to be , i cant help but play this at least once a month ! my personal fav track is behind the wheel , some other great songs are never let me down again , nothing , strangelove , little 15 , the things you said , and the very sexy i want you now !
 Music for the Masses was one of the most groundbreaking events of it 's musical era , not because it was experimental -LRB- many had done these things before -RRB- , but because it was able to bring such experimentation to the mainstream -LRB- hence the title -RRB- . A `` concept '' album with a thematic unity much deeper than tempo or popiness , it was the the crowning achievement of the `` bedroom album '' that Depeche Mode always does best.The album is constructed like a sympony or an opera , moving from high to low , repeating musical and lyrical themes , exploring the tender and vunerable facets of love.The tragic results of such sucess was that subsequent experimentation was slowly eschewed for `` pop '' consitency . As with all golden eras in popular music , this album did n't suceed because it had an abundance of radio-friendly songs -LRB- `` the catchy ones '' -RRB- , but because the album has an artistic and thematic unity that touched the listeners not only of it 's generation , but subsequent ones as well .
 This album rocks ! This together w/Violator was DM at their prime!It 's now 16 years later and get over it you say?Never !
 I was in my early teens when my home city went crazy about Depeche Mode , and this particular album . However , I was a true metalhead at that time , and anything lighter than Slayer was absolutely out of my sphere of interest . It was much later , through revolutionary `` One Second '' by Paradise Lost , through Depeche Mode 's guitar-driven `` Ultra '' , that I came to appreciate `` Music for the Masses '' like this album fully deserved.No matter what some say , to me this is one of those perfect albums in my collection . It 's perfect because it does n't have a single weak track in it . The songwriting is excellent , and every song has its distinctive mood and melody , that will sound in your head for hours . This music is a blend of gothic depressed darkness and melodic accessibility and imaginative rhythming of synth-pop . But it never gets repetitive , because the variety of the songs is so good . From a danceable `` Never Let Me Down Again '' , to grandiose `` Sacred '' , to melodic melancholy of `` Little 15 '' , to disturbing instrumental piece `` Pimpf '' , this record has got it all . The band demonstrates imaginative use of synthesizers , and David Gahan 's voice strikes with depth and sensuality . This album is not actually dancing music , but rather is intended to be appreciated through thought . Intellectual electronic music , if you wish.I think that through these years `` Music for the Masses '' managed to keep its appeal and beauty , and unless you hate this particular genre , you 'll like it , just like I did eventually .
 Sandwiched chronologically between the epic gothdom of Black Celebration and the massive popular appeal of Violator , Music For The Masses sometimes gets lost in the shuffle of Depeche Mode albums . It did n't have any major stateside hits , and is not as instantly catchy as some of DM 's other work . But it is no less a flawless Depeche Mode album , best appreciated by those who know the band 's work intimately.The experimental sounds DM had been flirting with throughout the eighties all show up in force on Music For The Masses . And as with Some Great Reward and Black Celebration , these songs continue to sound more organic and less like they were pounded out on your mom 's Casio keyboard . -LRB- One need only compare a song as complex and hypnotizing as `` Pimpf '' with , for example , the twittering and bleeping `` New Life . '' DM are a totally different band in a short span of years . -RRB- Entire songs here are created using samples -- from a choir , a guitar -LRB- ! -RRB- , and maybe a spoon against a glass , in addition to a few piano riffs . As with Black Celebration , frequently the songs here meld and morph into each other so that you only know where the tracks separate from one another because the CD player tells you where . The end result is an album that frequently seems more at home in the nineties than in the eighties . Much of this album seems like a predecessor to Enigma 's MCMXC a.d. or The Orb 's Adventures Beyond The Ultraworld , albums whose composers no doubt would point to DM as inspiration for their work.What I have grown to like best on M4tM are the songs that actually did not become singles . While `` Never Let Me Down Again '' soars high and pleases crowds , `` Things You Said '' quietly sinks into your skin like frostbite with Martin 's chilling vocal delivery and the somber meandering of a few icy synth notes . `` Strangelove '' is sexy , hook-heavy fun , but what sticks with me longer is the nightmarish self-loathing of `` To Have And To Hold . '' `` Behind The Wheel '' is good for a long dark trip by car , but the building sexuality of `` Pimpf '' and the apocalyptic decay of `` Agent Orange '' are usually more my speed . Everything on Music For The Masses is good , but when you listen to it long enough , the songs hardest to sing along with become the ones you seek out the most.It 's true that these songs are eclectic , lacking the thematic cohesion found in other DM albums . But certainly there are some salient topics
 One word can describe this album , MAGNIFICENT.This is truly a masterpiece of art . I sometimes have trouble deciding if this album is better or `` Violator '' . I love them both the same . DM reached its peak with both of those albums as far as music and lyrics are concerned . Martin Gore 's song writting skills are at its finnest . David Gahan 's voice is compelling . The band had a plan to break through the sound barries of synth-pop and evolve it into a more safisticated dark sound that is very unique . Powerfull songs like `` Little 15 '' , `` Sacred '' , and `` Agent Orange '' along with songs like `` Strange Love '' , `` Never let me down again '' , `` Behind the wheel '' and `` Nothing '' blow everyone away . Rose Bowl was never seen the same after the performance of `` Never let me down again '' at the 101 concert . Dont forget Martin 's melodic voice on `` The things you said '' and his compelling erotic performance on `` I want you now '' . DM is band that revolutionized and blended synth-pop and Goth and produced something magnificent .
 This is , by far , the best DM album EVER !!!! I ca n't say enough great things about this album ! `` Strangelove '' has got to be one of my favorite DM songs from their entire repetoire . If you do n't have MFTM , then get off your butt and go pick it up TODAY !!!
 I first heard Depeche Mode when Violator came out and decided to buy previous albums . This one , by far , is one of the best ! 101 is another great album . Strangelove , Little 15 , I want you know are all awesome songs ! I can hear any Depeche Mode song and go back to my high school years ! I was totally in love with David !
 If your reading a review of MFTM deluxe edition I am going to make an assumption you already know the music so your interested in the 5.1 mixing , which I must say has to be one of the best I have heard . I have n't heard the sacd version so I do n't know how they compare and the few sacd 's I have are good but , this recording and mixing is just as good . Some of the best DTS I have heard . I have this and Violator deluxe edition -LRB- read DTS versions -RRB- and they are both equally as good . Puts a new dimension to a classic and if you have a nice surround setup it 's worth having . It 's so much more rich and full . Clear , crisp , and there is enough bass to rattle the rafters ! I do n't think I have watched the videos or any of the extras , not sure whats even on as far as that goes , I bought this for the 5.1 mixing and honestly havent even listened to the cd . No need to .
 I got this album for 99 cents in a thrift store , and it 's the greatest deal I 've ever come across . the album sounds absolutely amazing . there are so many nuances that you just do n't get with the CD . Id listen to it over and over . I 'm in love with this album . Each track is amazing .
 I am an avid fan of DM , and will do the best job at being objective about their work . Although , I think this album is great and it has many quintessential DM songs , there are some songs that I often skip over . These songs are definitely not my favorites , but I think mostly that they just do n't appeal to me in the context of this album . This is why I label this `` transitions '' . I love all periods of DM , but I notice this one seems to be one that incorporates the earlier `` new wave '' feeling of previous albums but also ushers in the darker era of DM . I tend to prefer the darker DM , but appreciate the earlier work especially if not simultaneously . If you are even a slight fan of their work , you will enjoy this album .
 I thought that I had this on CD but I could n't find it . When I saw it on sale I immediately bought it ! It has some of my favorite songs , Never Let Me Down , The Things You Said , Strangelove , Sacred , Little 15 , Behind The Wheel , Nothing , Pimpf , Pleasure Little Treasure , Route 66 . I 'm listening to it as I write this review ! Their mix of melancholy lyrics and electronic/dance music just goes so well ! Even the instrumental tracks are great ! -LRB- PIMPF , Agent Orange , Stjarna -RRB- I always like an eclectic mix for my MP3 player , so I usually have a lot of DM on it ! I have to stop now so I can do some more shopping !
 Had this on CD as a teenager . Good price and now have the music , instantly . Love it.Would be nice if Amazon presented them in 320k though .
 As a huge Depeche Mode fan this was n't honestly an initial favorite . I found the `` bonus '' tracks weighed down the material and that some of the songs were more self-indulgent than the album 's title suggested . But that does n't mean that there was not any selling points and there are some real classics in here . Or maybe it 's because there 's nothing like `` Some Great Reward '' or `` Black Celebration '' , even `` Violator '' after it.But `` Music for the Masses '' is a great creative point and it 's great how this got them so big . And the music really is as ambitious as the title . `` Never Let Me Down Again '' sets the tone for the record , first with guitars and into its keyboard hooks and a more moody chorus , even if some lyrics are a bit WTF -LRB- `` Promise me I 'm as safe as houses/As long as I remember who 's wearing the trousers '' - and Gore is usually tops at this sort of thing -RRB- . But the rest of the song more than makes up for it . I always wish they had used the Split Mix over the original . I suggest you look for it if you do n't have it yet . `` Strangelove '' is the album 's real shining star , though . It has a more reflective and personal feel like the rest of the album . Yet it is also very moving . Not as immediately catchy as some of the poppier earlier stuff . `` Behind the Wheel '' shows the group 's continued love for industrial that began with `` Construction Time Again . '' It is as moving as the driving title and builds up quite nicely . It seems quirky at first but is also an accessible moment of the album.But the three singles , great as they are , are n't the only thunder on the album . `` The Things You Said , '' sung by Gore , is just gorgeous and warrants repeat listens . I like the double-tracked vocals in the chorus , too . `` To Have and to Hold '' is a black sheep of the album . At first I could n't get into it because of the distraction of that Russian broadcast thing , but it got better as I heard it . It is a very deep track that specifically longs for love . The thing about this one as opposed to most DM songs is that instead of following a verse/chorus format , it is just one long verse . There is music ascending and descending from the point but that verse is the meat of the song . Deftones did the song some real justice about a decade later . `` Pimpf '' shows that the choral samples did n't end with the last album and it continued at times . I can see why they opened with the track even if it was the closer on the inital album . `` Sacred '' is where Martin puts religion more into songs and you hear Dave and him singing together on the chorus , which usually works quite well . Not one of the best songs here but definitely worthy of listens . I also enjoy the more standard album track `` Nothing , '' which is translated better in its live versions . A simple message but a nice track to listen to during the middling feelings of your day . But where a song like `` Something to Do '' is more lively , this is more like a bored goth wallowing in the moment.I 'm still not too fond of `` Little 15 '' which while it may be some grand epic has always bored me . Apparently the guys are n't fond of it either and have n't performed it live . `` I Want You Now '' just does n't do it for me , even after getting over the whole breathing/double entendre background . Some moments are just hard to embrace . At least it 's not the bulk of the album.The `` bonus tracks '' are n't really that special , honestly . `` Pleasure , Little Treasure '' is n't listed as its actual Glitter Mix and honestly the regular version was better . It 's still decent here though . `` Agent Orange '' is an amazing example of their experimenting.I personally recommend many of their albums over this one , but it is still quality material . Some fans like it considerably more than I , but I suggest to maybe check others out first . Mid-late ' 80 's ' greatest synth act , although it does n't properly fit a true label .
 I have known and loved DM ever since `` Master and Servant '' became a hit in Europe , where I was a teenager at the time . So I was quite familiar with their music by the time `` Music for the Masses '' came out . This album has 6 fantastic songs , among them arguably their best song ever , `` Strangelove '' . The good songs , in order :1 . Never Let Me Down Again
 ` music for the masses ' -LRB- an incredibly funny and sarcastic album title -RRB- set the stage for what would be dm 's magnum opus -- violator . it 's certainly less accessible than violator , but that 's not to say it 's unlistenable . quite the contrary actually . ` music for masses ' built on ` black celebration 's ' darker tones and added a bit more athemic sound -LRB- see ` never let me down , ' ` strangelove ' and ` behind the wheel ' -- three of DM 's greatest songs ever -RRB- . in many ways its the pefect segueway between ` black celebration and the brilliant ` violator . ' in this way it does sometimes feel like a bridge album -- one leg in ` black celebration , ' one leg in ` violator , ' and consequently can sound a little confusing at times . that being said , however , ` music for the masses ' is still a brilliant album full of memorable tunes -LRB- and for me , full of wonderful memories -RRB- . as i recently scrolled through the song titles , i was struck by the sheer number of quality songs . up to ` music for the masses , ' it seems most DM albums had a dud or two or three ; yet ` music ... ' is replete with great songs including the highly underrated ` nothing . ' what a great song.one of the most notable qualities is the albums production . ` black celebration ' -LRB- still -RRB- sounds detached and cold , sometimes robotic and harsh -LRB- it may be the songs , however -RRB- . ` music for the masses ' is a much richer and more intricate album that its predecessors , an album that managed to sound warm and inviting depiste the often nihilistic , depraved and pervy subject matter.my only quibble -LRB- and it IS minor -- so minor in fact i barely dare mention it -RRB- is the length of the album . i do n't know tracks like ` agent orange , ' and the two remixes do n't necessarily * add * to album . but that 's a personal opinion more than anything . ` music for the masses ' may always play second fiddle to ` violator , ' but even second fiddles can be stars of the show .
 Depeche Mode hit the big time here . If any album made Americans and any non-believers believe in them , this is the one . It has all the typical DM features that you would expect in a DM album . It may not be one of my favourites -LRB- CTA , BC and Ultra and Violator get that honour -RRB- but make no mistake it 's not far away from them.If you are thinking about buying this you should do so now
 This is a truly awesome CD from one of the best bands of all time ! My absolute favorite song on here is the bizarre anthem `` Never Let Me Down Again '' followed by the terrifying `` To Have & To Hold '' . The rest of the songs on this album are absolutely fabulous as well . Get this lp NOW !!!!
 The ironic title says it all `` Music for the Masses '' was meant as a tongue in cheek statement but turned out to be more prollific than was intended.A great album by any standards with standout single tracks including `` Strange Love '' , -LRB- the album version is different to the single release -RRB- these are interwoven masterfully with a unique , textured backdrop of sound and emotion a la Martin.The first Mode Album to introduce guitar in a major way . This is not used in a conventional fashion but more in order to enrich the songs . Developing and growing new sounds has always been a DM staple and is used to great effect on this album . Never to outdo the song but rather to enhance it as illustrated brilliantly on `` I want you now '' yes yes yes !!! Martins Voice is full of emotion in this ballad -LRB- he sings 2 on the Album -RRB- Probably there best offering for new fans next to `` Violator `` as it shows a maturity and newness while offering commercial appeal . The tempo of MFTM is varied and never dull it takes you on a journey in a style similar to that of a `` concept album `` without being trite or pretentious . Sit back and enjoy .
 This is another DM cd with a lot of big hits on it such as `` Never let me down again '' and `` Strangelove '' . I do n't think it 's the best Depeche Mode cd but it is definately one that you 'll enjoy if you are familiar with the band .
 As a longtime DM fan , I liked this album quite a lot -- if I could give it 4.5 stars I would . I think my big problem with this album is that I own the cassette version , which has a ridiculously long remix side on the B side as filler . Best for those already familiar with the band 's work . If you grew up in the 80 's at all you probably know all the lyrics by heart anyway from the local radio station .
 Music to soothe the soul and bring back memories . This is some of Depeche Mode 's greatest lyrics and music . It is worth your time to listen to this music . You just might like it .
 When initially released a couple of decades ago , I found MFTM being a rather bleak album . Even the singles were somewhat low-key arrangements of what I still thought were great tunes . The reason I bought this re-mastered version is that I have been enjoying other re-mastered DM releases and thought that maybe it was worth giving MFTM another try.Hearing this album again proves that giving it a second chance was well worth my time . The sound of many bands from the 80s has aged poorly ; one can often almost pin point which year such and such album was released given the production sound that was currently in vogue . MFTM has , however , a timeless production . This could actually be released today and by tagging another artist name to the music this could most certainly appeal to today 's masses . The songs are built upon minimalist sound bites and layered with various sound effects . This may have sounded bleak in the mid 80s but today this sounds remarkably fresh.Listening to the album in 5.1 surround sound gives even more value to the production . The low-key beats driving the songs flow in a perfect tandem with the instruments flowing all around the listener . Actually , I hardly bother listening to this any other way.Also included is a very interesting documentary about the making of the album , the making of its cover and the subsequent promotional tour . A highlight is the final concert which certainly put them on the map in the US . One senses how much pride DM still feel of MFTM.I have one final note . Having bought other DM re-releases from the US , I initially simply forgot that the CD version from the UK is a hybrid SACD . I thus listened first to the dts surround sound the first few times , and was impressed . Yet once I put the SACD it felt like the sound improved almost half way to the difference of re-mastered versions of other CDs today from initial pressing 20 years or so ago . The difference is subtle but definitely audible . This should not be happening today . I intend to buy the more expensive DM re-releases from the UK and dump the US versions .
 although black celebration and some great reward are my favorite depeche mode albums , music for the masses is the most special dm album for me . when i heard `` strangelove '' for the first time , i got goosebumps . that song meant something to me and to this day has a special meaning to me . it was a turning point in my life . so i related to it . that 's the thing about a good album . people can relate to it . and thats what i did with this album.to this day , my fave martin sung ballads are '' aquestion of lust '' , and `` the things you said '' , which is included here . depeche mode 's anthem , `` never let me down again '' is a highlight on this album . as is the underated `` sacred '' . i will love dm wether they are commercially successful or not . this is the album that took them from cult favorites in america to a commercial success . and the rest is history ...
 Ask any fan of the Mode what 's their favorite DM album , and most likely they 'll give you one of two answers
 Depeche Mode is one of the most inovative bands of my generation and I only hope that later generations will learn to appreciate their music . This CD is a great starting point . From here , you can see where their music went with Violator , Songs , and Ultra . But you can also appreciate their earlier stuff without being jolted too far back in the past . Black Celebration eases one back to the early years from Masses and would be a great 2nd CD purchase if you are interested in hearing their earlier stuff . This is a must have for any music collection - Depeche Mode fan or not .
 I have really been getting into the music playfully dubbed `` 80 's euro trash '' . I think that depeche mode is a prime example of this music persuasion . Although I like the cure , Joy Division , and Bauhaus a little more , I can say that I really love this group . I first bought `` violator '' So I decided to try this album as well . I liked this album as a whole more than violator . But I think that `` enjoy the silence '' from the violator album was their finest moment . I just can sit and listen to this album from beginning to end . I especially enjoy the Bonus tracks that were added . Id recommend this album to anyone .
 This album always has been essential in a tecno pop collection and it reachs its madurity with the DTS mix.Gosh , it seems to listened to new a thing . I was so used to listen to this record with the originally hoarse sound . Like if you put your speakers facing to the floor . But now it 's so clean so when you listen to it new sounds come up like if they never have been there before.Such a nice experience . Sit in middle of those 5 speakers and you wo n't regret it.There is only one thing I would have change . I now the originally lp press came out without the bonus tracks but , since everybody is used to the cd version , they should have put the whole tracks together and not separated , so in order to play them you have to get into a new menu.Enjoy it while it last .
 M.F.T.M. is not only one of the three best DM album -LRB- the others two
 Actually this was the album that started me as a Depeche Mode fan and one of the first albums that I bought.There are some really classics Depeche Mode songs on this album , like : `` Never let me down again '' `` Strange love '' and `` Behind the wheel '' .
 If you have a universal player , the DVD-A portion of the second disk -LRB- which has both a 24/96 hi-rez stereo and 5.1 mix -RRB- is outstanding . I actually think that this is one of the better hi-rez mixes that I 've yet heard . Very much worth the extra $ $ IMHO .
 I dont have much to say about this except CLASSIC . If you are new to DM then buy this pronto homes .
 I 'm very impressioned for the incredible critics with 1 star . Only one thing , if you want buy the remaster , so , why do you criticed the sound of the album in a time of bad critics , only saying no SACD . It 's absurd .
 Maybe it 's because drum machine and sampler technology caught up with them ... or maybe that Martin was in an especially sultry mood . Masses marks the moment Depeche Mode really find their second incarnation , consolidating the successes of Black Celebration , moving from industrial clang to sultry slink . Thank god for the Emulator and digital synths , because the boys put them to very good effect here . And David Bascombe 's production rounds out a great collection of thematically connected songs . -LRB- They 're all about the sex drive and its dull motivations , boys and girls -RRB- . The only thing more impressive would be what follows
 Why the negative reviews ? Yes , the Cd re-master could have been better , but the Dvd holds its own . Listening to the 5.1 mix on a surround system is unbelievable . It 's just like being in the studio . The sound is much more broad and WAY FATTER ! Things that get lost in the stereo mix come through nice and clean since it is n't compressed to stereo . The album sounds AMAZING ! The documentary is a bonus too , but a bit short at 35 mins for such a landmark album from DM . The other albums have longer documentaries but when it all comes down to it , the 5.1 mix is what it 's all about .
 A good record for it 's time , I must admit it has lost some of it 's polish over the years . While Alan Wilder 's top notch production and Martin Gore 's melancholy lyrics still hold enough to muster the interest of passers by , this is really an album for those who were there & lived it . A good re-visit to the late 80 's ... but those who are just discovering DM may have a harder time accessing it 's sound .
 In my opinion , this is their best album .4 Big hits -LRB- Behind the Wheel , Never Let Me Down Again , Little 15 - my favorite - and Strangelove -RRB- , plus wonderful little-known songs like the instrumental Pimpf and the two songs sang by Martin Gore , I Want You Now and The Things You Said .
 This is one of my favorite DM albums , although I do n't feel it gets enough credit . Despite the name , this album is darker than most of their others , with tracks like Never Let Me Down Again , Strangelove , Little 15 , I Want You Now , and To Have and To Hold . I 'll start with the cons of the album first , to get that bit of nastiness out of the way ... The dark continuity of the album holds on until the ninth track , Nothing . This song feels like an afterthought , and always snaps me out of the mood the rest of the album creates . After the tenth song , Pimph , things really go downhill . This is where the `` extras '' begin . A lot of fans complain about wanting extras on albums , but MFTM proves that this can be a disaster when taking the overall mood of the album into consideration . With the exception of Agent Orange -LRB- which is a beautifully haunting instrumental -RRB- , the next three tracks do nothing for the album . Those tracks being the Aggro mix of Never Let Me Down Again , the Spanish Taster To Have And To Hold , and Pleasure , Little Treasure . The Aggro mix of NLMDA is disappointing , to say the least . It does n't even remotely resemble the song . I 've never heard a song so grossly masacred . There 's simply nothing left of it . Instead , it sounds like what you would get from a Front 242 song , had they decided to steal a hook from NLMDA . Next is the To Have And To Hold mix , which is much like the Little Engine That Could . It thinks it can , it thinks it can . But , alas , it ca n't . The lyrics , what there are of them , are downplayed . That might have worked out nicely , had they kept the original music , which is lovely . But instead they shredded and chopped the music horribly , so the mix does n't work in any way . Now , about Pleasure , Little Treasure . This song just has no business on this album , and that 's all I 'll say about that.With that out of the way , the good stuff ... The album starts out with Never Let Me Down Again , a strangely endearing look at drug use . This song is still one of my favorites . It starts out slow enough , and then builds to near chaos . Next , we move through The Things You Said , Strangelove , and Sacred . And then we get to Little 15 . This song is amazing in its simplicity . It feels like a dark , disturbing waltz . And Martin Gore 's obsession with fifteen year olds never gets boring.Behind The Wheel is next , one of the more popular singles from the Album . I Want You Now is probably DM 's most straightforward song . That made it unexpected , as the meaning of their songs is usually hidden below the surface , and crawl up slowly . But there is absolutely no mistaking what this song is about . I would say that this song is sexuality that drives right to the point , whereas the songs are usually soaked with sensuality that creeps up on you . I did n't like this song the first couple of times I heard it , for that reason . But it grew on me , and now I love it.But I think the standout on this album is To Have And To Hold . For the life of me , I can not understand why this was n't a single . The song strarts out with someone speaking in Russian , and then the sensual , pulsing beat kicks in and hooks you . In my opinion , the lyrics and message is Martin Gore at his absolute best . Also , probably the darkest song on the album . It 's amazing beyond description.Despite a few annoyances , I think this is one of DM 's best albums , if not the best . If you 're new to DM , or want to become familiar , and do n't want to get a best of to become better acquainted with their music -LRB- for that , I suggest Singles 86-98 -RRB- , then I recommend this album .
 1986 and 1987 Depeche Mode released two albums , i.e. , Black Celebration and this one , Music for the Masses . Music for the Masses is an amazing studio production piece and it shows Alan Wilder at his creative peak with songs like Strange Love , Behind the wheel , Never let me down again to mention a few . Pimpf is also a great experimental track and it shows Depeche Mode 's best experimental effort in the studio so far .
 All through high school i listened to nothing but hard metal rock . Thats what kids my age would normally listen to , either hip-hop or rock . I am huge huge huge deftones fan and i found that their lead singer was a huge fan of The Smiths and Depeche Mode . So curious as i was i downloaded some songs from both bands , The Smiths were alright but i past on them . However , once i downloaded Never Let Me Down Again i was hooked . Davids vocals is just amazing ! This is my first Depeche Mode album . I did n't get the Singles albums because i am planning on getting every DM album . In Music for the Masses i found myself enjoying Never let me down Again , Strangelove , To have and to hold , Little 15 , Behind the Wheel and Nothing . I heard this album is their most experimental one , so i think they did a good job at it with dark music and that deep , mellow voice of David . Depeche Mode is a great band , i wish more kids my age would listen them , because i dont want this band to die off in the future so we Depeche Modeholics should blast its music to spread it out again !!
 I find it interesting that while Music for the Masses is such a landmark in DM 's discography and touring career , it is at the same time the least listened to album of my collection . Possibly because I wore out -LRB- along with the radio back in the day -RRB- listening to `` strangelove '' and its better version b-side `` nothing '' from the original single release , as well as the ballad `` little 15 , '' which I ca n't even listen to now since I 've heard the ` bogus brothers ' boot mix that adds a funky beat to the track . Couple that with better versions of remixes out there for `` Behind the Wheel '' and the later `` Route 66 , '' and all I 'm left with is perhaps the most important song , `` Never let me Down , '' which still holds strong today.Perhaps my point is that if you plan to be a DM collector , this is an essential and important work to have , but perhaps more appreciated when it originally came out . I think the Amazon staff writer Beth wrote the most accurate review . I just wanted to share my thoughts since I find it funny how I still keep going back to `` Speak and Spell '' or forward to `` Songs of Faith & Devotion . ''
 ... little treasure . This record fills the gap between Black Celebration and Violator . A little more commercial than Black Celebration but not as commercial as Violator . Music for the Masses contains a massive assortment of samples , more than any other DM album it seems . Strangelove being the dance hit single , while other tracks like things you said , and Pimpf are geared towards the more traditional Depeche Mode fan . A good record for the depeche mode fan and beginner .
 Sure , the name of Depeche Mode was known before this album came out in 1987 , but had been known for intermittently quirky numbers like `` Just Ca n't Get Enough '' and `` Shake the Disease '' . When this album was released , however , the boys of DM were discovered as craftmen of the much more elusive title of ALBUM ARTISTS.This album is very coherent throughout , and the songs all distinctively tie-in well with each other in thought and sound . The album has an eastern , almost Oriental type sound motif weaved throughout it -LRB- most noted in the track `` Sacred '' -RRB- , and the segue-ways which occur between songs are well thought out.Standout works which still get huge responses in their stadium shows include the album opener , `` Never Let Me Down Again '' . For the recent EXCITER tour , this was the closer encore song . That in itself speaks volumes . To know the band is using a song from 1987 to close its shows , and to know people still ache to hear this song from 14 years ago lets you know this band is known for longtime fans and staying power . Still a perennial favorite is the huge hit , `` Strangelove '' , with its twisted chorus
 This is a really great , all the tracks are beautiful , i especially adore `` Strange Love '' i want to say something here , ALL OF THE SONGS I LISTENED TO IN MY LIFE FOR DM ARE REALLY GREAT , NON IS BAD
 This is a totally dark and dreary album from Depeche Mode and probably the best one they have done . Not one song on this album is boring . Listen to it and love it . Warning not for those who are in a sad mood .
 its a must have for all the 80s junkiesits a must have for all the 80s junkies born between 66-74its a must have for all the 80s junkies and punk rockers born between 66-74
 This is my favorite DM cd !! The `` dark '' feeling is indescribable ! David Gahan 's vocal performance is beautiful !! `` Behind the Wheel '' represents DM at their most forceful !! There simply is not a bad track here !! If you 're new to DM ... then buy `` Music ... '' as it 's essential !!
 Maybe not as good as `` Black Celebration , '' but still a great album . `` Never Let Me Down Again '' is a classic . `` Strangelove , '' `` Pimpf , '' and `` Behind the Wheel '' are also good tracks . `` The Things You Said '' and `` Little 15 '' are kinda brooding but in that unmistakable way that makes Depeche Mode as good as they are . Just another really good album .
 This is my favorite DM cd . It is exceedingly moody ... which makes it hit you right in the gut . This is n't a dance cd ; it 's a moody cd . It was meant for your darker emotions ; for you to explore them .
 This is the CD that solidified DM 's status as one of my favorite bands . It 's gloomy , to be sure , but at least it 's consistently gloomy . And it 's amazing how well `` Strangelove '' and `` Never Let Me Down Again '' have held up over the years .
 Containing classics `` Never Let Me Down '' and `` Strangelove '' , this is an album that has a number of more famous Depeche Mode tracks . A good buy if you like the style .
 This is one of depeche mode 's best albums . `` Never let me down again '' and `` Strangelove '' are classic , and the aggro mix is fantastic .
 I love Depeche Mode and each song is amazing ! Of course , one of the best is `` Strangelove '' !!
 I always thought this was , cover art and title-wise , the most cleverly artistic of all the Depeche Mode albums . Consider , after all , the thought of Emergency Warning Sirens as the creator of Music For The Masses ; when they played , everyone listened . They `` danced '' in a peculiar dark way as well , if you 'd consider the mass hustle to a shelter a motion of mass dancing . But in just that one picture and image , Depeche Mode caught their essence perfectly . Sounds that could attract attention and instill dread , curiosity and moving bodies . `` Music For The Masses '' was a step more poppish than `` Black Celebration , '' but then , how could it not be ? `` Black Celebration '' is DM 's darkest hour , and the rejuvenated focus on dance beats lifted the sound of `` Masses . '' On the other hand , the songs of sexual dominance and submission -LRB- `` Strangelove '' and `` Never Let Me Down Again '' -RRB- , sexual confusion -LRB- `` Little 15 '' and `` Behind The Wheel '' -RRB- and religion -LRB- `` Sacred '' and `` To Have and to Hold '' -RRB- are just as strong as any the band has previously explored , even if they are more hooky and you can find yourself singing along.I must also say I 've always been put off by the CD 's `` Bonus tracks . '' I 've always viewed them as a distraction from my original album version -LRB- Yes , I had this on a long player once ! -RRB- `` Agent Orange '' and the remix of `` Never Let Me Down Again '' are the kind of annoyances that you do n't mind on a CD single , but are n't the kind of material that stands the test of time in an album format . Perhaps someday when Rhino gives us the inevitable remastered reissues , they will treat DM like they did Elvis Costello and relegate the singles and B 's to a second disc . One can hope .
 This really is music for the masses . Although the title was intended to be tounge-in-cheek , it 's on the mark . If you 've seen the film ' 101 , ' you know what I 'm talking about . This is the dark and moody Depeche Mode that fans know and love -- a study in gothic synth pop at its ultimate best.The great thing , first of all , about this record is that the singles do not define it . Certainly , `` Strangelove , '' `` Behind the Wheel , '' and `` Never Let Me Down Again '' are wonderful songs . However , if that is what what the listener is looking for , why not just skip buying the record and pick up the Singles 86 > 98 set ? Buy this record for the non-singles , like `` The Things You Said '' -LRB- a real gem , sung by Martin Gore -RRB- , `` Nothing , '' `` Pimpf , '' and `` To Have and To Hold -LRB- Spanish taster -RRB- . '' `` Little 15 , '' which was a single in France -LRB- but not elsewhere , for some reason -RRB- , is another gem.Like any album , there are low points . They exist , however , within the so-called `` bonus material . '' While Depeche Mode 's remixes tend to be right up there in quality with Nine Inch Nails ' , this group is rather dissapointing . As I mentioned before , the `` To Have and To Hold -LRB- Spanish taster -RRB- '' mix is worthwhile ; however , do n't waste your time listening to anything else , unless you 're throwing a rave soon.To conclude , it does n't really get much better than this -LRB- other Depeche Mode releases , i.e. Violator , excluded -RRB- . It is experimental , dark , and yet truely Music For The Masses .
 I 'm writing not as an amateur critic or an 80 's pop conossior , but as a teenage girl who was totally unaware of music in the 80 's and until recently thought that that decade was some sort of dark age for music , since all of the 80 's music programs on the radio play is shallow and has that distinct sound which I could never learn to like . Then I discovered Depeche Mode -- totally by accident , on someone 's mp3 collection . The song I really fell in love with was `` Never Let me Down Again , '' for both the artful building of the music , and the way the lyrics change between joyful and darkly suggestive . Other noteable songs are `` Strangelove , '' `` Little 15 , '' and `` I Want You Now . '' The only downside of the album -LRB- for me -RRB- was the remixes , which should have been on a seperate collection . I definitely reccomend this to anyone who is looking for something different musically .
 This album changed my life when I first got it as an angst-ridden teen and I still consider it the best ever made . Buy it .
 It contains the autentic Depeche sound , with the gratest songs they ever created . If you never heard any song of Depeche Mode , give a try to this amazing disc , and you will not be disappointed .
 I was born in 1986 ... so I have n't been a long time follower of DM ... the first song I heard from them was `` Dream On '' which encouraged me to buy Exciter ... I was n't disapointedI later bought Ultra and Violator , both which I loveMusic for the Masses ... hmm ... its ok ... I do n't like it as much as the other 3 I have ... I like Never Let Me Dow Again , Strange Love , Nothing , Pleasure Little Treasure , Little 15 , I Want You Now ... but they do n't hold their ground to tracks like Enjoy the Silence , Dream On , Shine , Home , Its No Good , Freestate , World Through My Eyes , and so on ... I do like it tho
 I love `` Never Let Me Down Again '' , `` Strangelove '' , `` Little 15 '' and `` Behind the Wheel '' .
 this album/cd/whatever format got me thru high school . accessible enough for appeal yet dark enough 2 get down 2 how we feel at the most troubled of times . 2 me , it 's more natural sounding -LRB- ? -RRB- than ` black celebration ; it also has n't dated as easily . some of the songs from here are still familiar 2 most people , but it 's the unknown ones that were always my favorites . ` the things you said ' could be considered their ' i heard it thru the grapevine ' - thematically they are the same ; ` sacred ' just hit me a while ago-lyrically it 's about spreading the word of god and being proud of it ; and ` pimpf ' , 12-13 years later still scares me . do not listen 2 this song in the dark . hear it and u wo n't wonder why . anybody who has heard a requiem mass will know what i am talking about . listen 2 this cd from beginning 2 end in one shot-it 's not a song cycle but it sounds complete when doing so . again , still worth listening 2 after all these years .
 This is a fine cd . ` Never let me down ' is an instant classic ; very good song ! ` The things you said ' and ` Strangelove ' also appeal . ` Behind the wheel ' is ok , ` To have and to hold ' is short but has a great atmosphere , ` Pimpf ' is great . The other songs on the album are not special , but you wo n't hate them either -LRB- as I sometimes hate the odd song on previous albums by Depeche Mode -RRB- .
 For years I overlooked this album , in favor of other Depeche Mode classics likeViolatorandSongs of Faith and Devotion . Yet many of the tracks from `` Music for the Masses '' kept popping up . Recently viewing a Depeche Mode documentary on Joost -LRB- check it out if you have n't -RRB- , I realized what I 'd been missing and picked it up immediately . Today , I ca n't get enough of it . `` Music for the Masses '' is the band 's most accomplished album without a doubt . When they recorded it , they were already entrenched into the dark synth-based sound that would characterize the second half of their career , away from the more catchy pop songs that were the norm in their music early on.Every track in the album is a piece of art that collectively make the whole production sound as current and powerful at the time of this writing as it did twenty years ago , when it was released .
 Technology is moving forward and who would n't love to have their favorite albums remastered ? This is genius ! I hope they plan to have each of their albums redone in this manner . The true prize is the DVD . If you appreciate viewing intimate interviews with the songwriter , producers , musicans , and other key players as well as an insight into each track and how they came about , this is a must have . Best of all , the DVD features current interviews of Alan Wilder and for those who appreciate his past contribution to Depeche 's music , it is certainly a treat to see him again . I did heed the advice of others who suggested purchasing the import . A great addition for collectors and fans of Depeche Mode
 I 've been a fan since SOME GREAT REWARD . When MUSIC FOR THE MASSES first came out , I did n't like the title for starters . I did n't want music for the masses , I wanted dark , tripped-out music too cool for the mainstream to be able appreciate - hopefully something along the lines of the new direction they had taken with BLACK CELEBRATION -LRB- which it is , to a certain extent -RRB- . MUSIC FOR THE MASSES actually could be music for the masses in an alternate reality , especially if more classical music lovers could expand their palates to include electronic music . When I first heard this , I would n't have given the album more than 3 stars , mainly because the rest of it paled in comparison to `` Never Let Me Down Again '' and `` Strangelove , '' to my mind . These two songs represent the point where Depeche first reached the absolute peak of what they are capable of , standing tall alongside later greats like the powerful `` I Feel You '' and the harrowing `` Barrel of a Gun . `` I really was n't ready for this album when I first heard it ; I can appreciate it more today although it definitely has a few weak spots . To figure out exactly how I 'd rate it today , I decided to type out a `` breakdown . `` Here 's my breakdown of MUSIC FOR THE MASSES : `` Never Let Me Down Again '' - commanding , driving track , commonly considered to be a song about addiction , although you do n't have to interpret it that way ... this one carries painfully framed spitting images of devastating relevance for me so I 'll refrain from further comment except to say this is one of their best ... ***** `` The Things You Said '' - previously considered to be a negligible song by yours truly -LRB- because I just wanted to ROCK -RRB- , this is a contemplative mood piece . It 's apparently about a girl who betrayed the singer by talking about him behind his back - and he found out . **** 1/2 `` Strangelove '' - an addictive , tripped-out groove machine . Depending on tastes of course , this song is VERY sexy if kinda freaky and S&M ; tinged - some of the best DM lyrics ... ***** + `` Sacred '' - yes , it would 've been impossible to follow `` Strangelove , '' but this is one of their weakest tunes . Lyrically , lyricist Martin Gore is onto something but it 's not fully realized . ** `` Little 15 '' - has a spare , classical sound , no drums , stately piano touches . The song is addressed to `` little 15 . '' It 's really gorgeous and Gore seems to have put himself in the shoes of a 15-yr-old girl which makes the lyrics quite convincing . **** 1/2 `` Behind the Wheel '' - another one that took me too long to get into , this one is kind of a coda to `` Little 15 . '' More great lyrics with some of that catchy melodramatic edge DM are so good at delivering . **** 1/2 `` I Want You Now '' - This is a very spare track with quite suggestive breathing and moaning rhythmic overdubs - sexy . But there 's a less-than-noble undercurrent to this song if you 're paying attention . **** `` To Have and to Hold '' - a powerful , doom-laden little piece and a plea for forgiveness . **** `` Nothing '' - super-catchy , old-school style DM with intelligent contemplations on `` nothing . '' ***** `` Pimpf '' - this is a brooding instrumental . **** `` Agent Orange '' - A great instrumental piece ; so good in fact that I 'll rate it - ***** NOTE - I completely sympathize with the reviewer that follows me , Angela.P - this album might 've held up better had the last three tracks been labled `` bonus '' tracks instead of appearing to be part of the `` proper '' album . `` Never Let Me Down Again -LRB- Aggro Mix -RRB- '' - Inferior to the previous version , but I tend to look at these kinds of album tracks the same way I look at `` reprises '' from a Broadway play . This version adds a kind of `` James Bond '' feel to the original and pretty much leaves out the lyrics . *** `` To Have and to Hold -LRB- Spanish Taster -RRB- '' - this version has a more distinctive DM sound . *** 1/2 `` Pleasure Little Treasure '' - a fun , old-school DM-style rocker featuring an actual acoustic guitar , the instrument Martin L. Gore supposedly writes all of his songs on . Ends the album with some trippy dissected voices . **** So , adding up my tally , this record averages out to four stars , not three as I previously would 've rated it . Kiss-ass die-hards who refuse to rate anything from Depeche less than 5 stars can kiss mine because this is an honest , well thought out opinion . Really , what good would this forum be if people churned out nothing but praise and 5-star reviews ? Critical thinking is essential . Peace !
 `` Never Let Me Down Again '' is your basic work of genius , and `` The Things You Said '' and `` Little 15 '' are n't far behind.Things get a bit spottier from there , but I 'm thinking you 'll forgive .
 `` Music for the Masses '' marks Depeche Mode 's true emergence as a full-fledged musical force . For awhile in the 80 's it seemed like simply everyone with a synthesizer was cutting an album . But what makes Depeche different from , say , Howard Jones , was their ability to grow beyond their synthpop roots and expand their sound , as witnessed by `` Masses '' and its richer textures , deeper songs , and a new direction would would continue on the other great Depeche Mode album , `` Violator '' . I am especially fond of such unusual tracks as the Aggro remix of the album 's opening track ; a very different interpretation of essentially the same song , both more hard driving and darker . This remix still stands as one of my most favorite ` hard ' electronic songs of all time , and convinced more than a few of my hair metal buddies that Depeche Mode was absolutely NOT `` sissy music '' . `` Music for the Masses '' functioned as my personal soundtrack for much of the summer of 1989 , and if I had to finger any single Depeche Mode album as being `` The '' Depeche Mode album , this would probably be it .
 This is a great example of musican who have been able to transend time and the all the other crap in the music industry . If this is missing from your collection , add it today .
 I bought this CD because I am a huge Depeche Mode fan and am collecting their discography . This is one of my favorite albums by them . &#34; Never Let Me Down Again &#34; and &#34; Strange Love &#34; are in my opinion two of their best songs . This CD features other successful singles and would make a great addition to your CD collection .
 The first real gem by Depeche Mode . We could make start their new career here . Since this album , until Sounds of the universe which is just weak , they never failed ! Great !
 Continuing the bleakness of where 1986s Black Celebration left off , Music For The Masses is slightly brighter yet much colder than the previous album . The album cover perfectly portrays what the mood of the album is like ; the hazy sunset portrays the bleak minor tracks and the bullhorns seem to portray the extremely experimental , and downright sonic bite of the music.NEVER LET ME DOWN AGAIN-Who can ever forget the danceable `` Never Let Me Down Again '' with it 's bizarre instrumentation , metallic beats , buzzy synthesizers , harsh piano licks and stabbing sonics towards the ending . I would say that it 's the most schizophrenic tracks on the CD . The loud melody would portray the sunny daytime feel , but the eerieness gives the ` sunny mood ' an unpleasant feel like something is not right . As the song climaxes with the orchestral band in the background before gradually fading into a dreamy , hissing steam pipe sound effects which bring us into the dreamy haze of the next track . This is an unforgettable classic from an unforgettable band.THE THINGS YOU SAID-This song is much darker , and more mellow and portrays a very dreamy haze of the monotony of the same old things over & over in adolescence and also the admitting of ones weakness and not keeping secrets . Musically speaking , the music itself perfectly fits the meaning . I just love it 's dark , dreamy , grey , hazy atmosphere . No idea why this was n't made a single . : / It 's one of my favorites.STRANGELOVE
 Depeche Mode revolutionized music with a collection of great songs , revolutionary recording techniques , and one of the biggest cult followings in music history . Back in March of 1987 , Music For The Masses proved to be another defining moment in an already legendary band 's catalogue . Released only a year after their seminal `` Black Celebration '' album , Music For The Masses was strangely both dark and danceable . The fusion of the two elements of `` goth '' and `` dance '' opened up Depeche Mode 's sound to a whole new audience of clubgoing teens who could appreciate not only the beat heavy polyrhythms , but also the honestly bleak lyrics . Coincedentally , Music For The Masses would prove to be released at the height of the 80 's dance scene of 1987 and 1988 - this timing would prove to be a boon for Depeche , as Music For The Masses sold more copies in the U.S. than any of their previous recordings . With the first single , `` Strangelove , '' the band actually scored their first stateside top 40 hit since 1985 's `` People Are People . '' They even got regular play on MTV for the first time , and earned a performance on 1987 's MTV Video Music Awards . Not only did Music For The Masses open up Depeche Mode 's commercial influence , but it also revolutionized their sound as well . Never before had the band relied so heavily on rhythm to carry their songs . Recordings such as `` Strangelove , '' `` Behind The Wheel , '' and `` Nothing '' display the bands intimate knowledge of layered percussives and employ them to brilliant effect . Never since have Depeche Mode incorporated such complex rhythms into their music as on Music For The Masses . This album , in my opinion is the paradigm of eighties dance-pop . Brilliant lyrical motifs that reflect life , love and friendship coupled with strangely impersonal , yet passionate , synth-noise . The glowing , almost orgasmic in heights , `` Never Let Me Down Again '' opens the album on a blissful exuberant note as Martin sings `` Everything is alright tonight . '' `` The Things You Said '' is one of the moodiest pieces the band has ever recorded , focusing on the gossip of daily life - `` I heard it from my friends about the things you said , but they know me better than that ... '' perfectly conveys the adolescent experience . `` Strangelove , '' the album 's most danceable track , is accented with everything from metallic beats and glass breaking percussion to electronic crickets . `` Sacred '' explores the depth of love with a gorgeous echoing chorus and beat-heavy verse . Without a doubt it is one of the best album tracks the band has ever recorded . Next comes the downbeat `` Little 15 '' with a repetitive cello synth and lyrics that will touch the heart of any adolescent - a perfect reflection of the powerless feeling that accompanies youth . `` Behind The Wheel , '' despite being one of my least favorite Depeche Mode tracks , is still a wonderful work-out in dance rhythms . The intro with the `` wheel rolling '' effect is one of the most recognizable in pop history . `` I Want You Now '' wins the MostDisturbingDepecheModeSong award . Its spooky breathing effects beneath a possessive lyric are nothing short of scary . But , a nice melody and the inventive arrangement save it from being merely shocking and turn it into a compelling peice of music . `` To Have And To Hold '' is one of the bands most experimental songs ever . You can barely hear the lyrics beneath the noise piled over top of them . But it is also strangely affecting because of this . It is near-perfect in conveying a sense of paranoia . `` Nothing '' is one of the most nihilistic songs the band has ever performed . `` Sitting Target , sitting praying , and God is saying ... Nothing . '' Is that dark or what ! But this is also one of my favorites , because it is so rhythmic in spite of all the gloominess . Finally , `` Pimpf '' rounds out the album on an instrumental note . This is clearly Alan Wilder 's moment to shine . This one can be categorized under `` unsettling . '' And that was it . With these ten tracks , Depeche Mode revolutionized the pop music scene of the late 80 's . The complex interplay between darkness and danceability has only been seen since in the music of Nine Inch Nails and Garbage , both of which proved themselves to be very influential as well . Depeche Mode has never again toyed with pop music in the manner found on `` Music For The Masses '' again , but their one foray into the genre left a timeless impression upon pop music . I recommend that you check this one out .
 `` Black Celebration '' had solidified DM 's synth pop sound within the realms of a darkly sensual and gothic exploration into the listener 's emotions . Now with `` Music for the Masses , '' that sound is continued through more great songs wrought with sexual undertones , gothic soundscapes , and blistering dance rhythms that dare the listener to get up and move in ecstasy . The songs on this album are lyrically profound , and the music atmospheric and dark , yet accessible . Truly a sound for the masses . Upbeat tempos with downbeat backdrops , and songs so infectious ... it makes great driving music ... - `` Never Let Me Down Again ''
 If I had to only choose 3 DM albums to take with me to a desert island , this would be one of them . It has classic tracks like Strangelove , Little 15 , Pleasure Little Treasure , and Never Let Me Down Again that make it a must have . But there is no filler , this is all well done DM music . From the more experimental PIMPF to the more mainstream stuff , this stands out as one of DM 's crowning achievments . I consider myself one of their biggest fans , having everything of theirs I can get my hands on , and this is one of the best.I ca n't stress enough how wonderful this album is . If you are into electronic music , new wave , or just want to relive high school memories , this is the album to get . Never Let Me Down Again will forever be an anthem for me and my high school friends . Check out the video if you can.Get it . It is great . Enough said ...
 MTV had been already established as mainstream , the BOSS was getting soft in the Tunnel of Love , BON JOVI were more about the hair than ever - and the British invented Alternative music . Two such post-punk groups , THE CURE and DEPECHE MODE , better than most others , were able to grasp the decade 's vibrations and broadcast them back as UNBELIEVABLE MUSIC . Whereas the CURE were mostly edges , the DEPECHE MODE were mostly technopoetry.This was the first album I ever bought as a CD - and I remember bringing it home to my new JVC HiFi , anxious to listen to the `` crisp , digital sound '' -LRB- little did I know that , only some years later , we would come to miss the fullness and richness of the old vinyl records -RRB- . I was right to be anxious though
 These three reissues are packaged and priced very similarly to The Cure 's reissues that are being released ; meaning that the sound quality is very much improved over the original cd issues , the packaging is top-notch , and the bonus material is worth the `` deluxe edition '' price.Disc one is the original album , remastered with a very warm sound instead of being harsh and overly-loud . The most notable sound improvement is the closing instrumental , ` Pimpf ' . That track , much like minimalist classical , is about repetition off of a theme , so each entrance comes in clearly and overall sounds a lot more dynamic . ` Behind The Wheel ' and ` Never Let Me Down Again ' sound a lot more dynamic and powerful with these new remasters , where the aforementioned ` Pimpf ' and ' I Want You Now ' -LRB- complete with sampled breathing sound effects from real people and an accordion being improperly played -RRB- allow their subtle intracacies to show.Instead of opting for a second disc of rare outtakes , live material , and demos , disc two is a dvd filled with material -LRB- such as a documentaries , 5.1 mixes , and strangely , the b-sides -RRB- . The choice to not reissue the catalogue in chronological order makes me wonder if the other albums will be released in this same fashion ; also like The Cure reissues , will there be single disc counterparts to be released shortly after these expanded versions ?
 i got both violator and music for the masses last night and they are well worth the 22.99 asking price . as the gentleman below mentioned , the sound quality is incredibly improved . this wo n't matter much to the average fan , but to mode-geeks like me , it 's a godsend . i wo n't go into the details of the album , because if you already own music for the masses , you already know what a great album it is.the documentary included is great . as with the violator album , it 's great to hear david bascombe , the album 's producer , talk about the the making of the album . the creative process has always fascinated me and getting a behind-the-scenes look at ` masses ' is a treat . to hear dave bascombe say the intro to ` never let me down again ' was a ` happy accident ' was a treat . it was also great to see how ` masses ' made depeche mode one of the biggest acts in the world . it 's not every band , you know , that can sell 70,000 seats at the rose bowl . as with ` violator , ' you 'll get plenty of interviews with the band , the most impressive of which , in my opinion , is the interview with alan wilder . you ca n't help but be impressed with the man and wish he were still a part of the band.for life-long depeche mode fans , these reissues are fantastic . sure , they could 've had a few more bells and whistles , but the audio is first-rate , the dvd is fantastic , and listening and watching will take you back to the time when depeche mode were the center of the known universe .
 What a great album . I had this tape back in Jr. . High . Yes I said tape , believe it or not there was a time when there was no CD ' or MP3s . I use to listen to the entire album over and over . I just purchased the MP3 album and will do the same thing . If your a depeche mode fan or like the `` new wave '' era music , check it out .
 On this CD :1 . Aida
 I purchased a `` book '' format box set called `` Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble - The Collection '' because the price was very enticing for a three-disc box set , as advertised in the Tower ad . When I arrived at the store , I realized the `` The Collection '' , one in a series of such collections by Columbia/Epic artists , was simply a re-packaging of this original box set , expanded versions of his first three albums , rather than a budget-priced `` best-of '' box that I expected . Well , I bought it anyway , and I 'm glad I did . This is indeed the best way to introduce yourself to SRV 's early releases , and the price is right . -LRB- Some fans may argue his first three releases contain most of his best work anyway . -RRB- The bonus tracks may seem repetitive as listed , but they are in fact very tasty alternate takes of the final versions . So do n't let the deceptive packaging by Columbia/Epic fool you - both these collections are one and the same . And they are great .
 The best way to get all the original albums at one time . The music speaks for itself .
 This CD is definitely going in my shopping cart ! After their name change from `` Soul Attorneys '' , Canadian J. Gaines has taken the group to a higher level of rock with `` Better Man '' and `` Happy Together '' ... my advice
 This CD is great . After listening to it several times , I do have my favorites picked out , but the whole thing is enjoyable . I 'd never heard of this group before `` Better Man '' came on the radio -- what a great song ! This is a keeper .
 Jazz fans should stop debating Wynton Marsalis ' influence on Jazz and pay attention to the burgeoning influence of the Marsalis brother few have heard of . The youngest of the four Marsalis brothers , drummer Jason -LRB- only 22 when this album was recorded -RRB- has written another collection of compositions which evidence his growth as a leader and composer . Marsalis is no rookie to the scene , however , as he has recorded with pianist Marcus Roberts , brothers Branford and Wynton , and father Ellis . He also has had the good fortune of working with premier jazz percussionist Bill Summers in their Latin Jazz band , Los Hombres Calientes -LRB- along with trumpeter Irvin Mayfield -RRB- . Following up his much heralded 1998 release , Year of the Drummer , the tracks on Music in Motion contain numerous stop-on-a-dime tempo changes which work very well and add tremendous color . There 's a Thing Called Rhythm -LRB- Track 1 -RRB- and It Came form the Planet Nebtoon -LRB- Track 8 -RRB- demonstrate Marsalis ' tremendous drum work . Marsalis does not fall into the trap most drummer-leaders do , as he knows when to hang in the background and when to shine . The ballads also work well here as one can hear shades of Mingus tenor man Booker Ervin on On the First Occasion -LRB- Track 4 -RRB- . Music in Motion is for those who want to experience the flavors of New Orleans jazz , post-bop , along with a measure of funk , as interpreted by an up-and-coming jazz drummer .
 Drummer Jason Marsalis composed all the tunes on this CD , which comes with liner notes that offer brief but insightful explanations of the music . Besides Marsalis on drums and percussion , the band features John Ellis on tenor saxophone , Derek Douget on alto and soprano saxophones , Jonathan Lefcoski on piano , and Peter Harris on bass . Musically and sonically , the drums are featured ; but they do not dominate the proceedings . As the title implies , this is music that moves , performed with drive and energy . Marsalis explains in the liner notes that he did not have a lot of time to put the arrangements together , so there is a spontaneous element to many of the cuts.This is especially evident on the longest cut , `` It Came from the Planet of Nebtoon , '' which features a little bit of Charlie Parker and a whole bunch of blowing . The final cut , `` Seven-Ay Pocky Way , '' reminds you that this music was recorded in the Crescent City . From start to finish , Music in Motion is a recording that communicates the joy of making music . There is nothing slick here , nothing prepackaged , nothing made to be played on the radio , just 74 minutes -LRB- OK , 73:59 -RRB- of swinging , intelligent , exuberant acoustic jazz .
 I have seen jason marsalis play in person in new orleans and the only thing i can say is this album is as close as you will come to the splendor and awe of seeing him play in person ... I definately sense more of his style than in the album he recorded with los hombres calientes . Technically he is right on point . On a personal note and as a fellow artist i think he will develope more of a `` fluid and signature '' style as time goes on but this is coming from a fan of the avant garde jazz movement . I especially enjoyed his track It came from the planet if Nebtoon . I would highly recommend this cd to any jazz lover old school or new school . Hard to believe this is only his sophmore album but then again he is one amongst a family of musical prodigies .
 Jason Marsalis was only 22 years old when he recorded Music In Motion , but you would never be able to tell by listening to it . Maybe it comes from being a part of such a musically inclined family , maybe some people just have it and others do n't . Whatever the reason , this is a great jazz album built around Marsalis ' drum kit.Marsalis pens all eleven songs -LRB- there 's an extra `` hidden '' track here -RRB- on Music In Motion . To help him carry out the performance are the solid John Ellis on tenor sax , Derek Douget on alto and soprano sax , Jonathan Lefcoski on piano and Peter Harris on bass . The band is tight , and plays these compositions with great feeling . Even though Marsalis is the bandleader , he is not always in the spotlight . Rather , he steps back to perform his primary duties of keeping time for the band . `` Discipline Strikes Again '' is all Marsalis though , as he beats his skins all by his lonesome for more than five minutes . It is quite the solo that is full of ideas , and does not tire . There is some great soloing from the boys on `` Marakatu de Modernizar '' and `` There 's a Thing Called Rhythm '' . `` The Steepistician '' is another great tune.I am quite happy with the younger Marsalis ' effort with his sophomore album . It is of a maturity that is much beyond his years , and his passion for his music is quite noticeable . Keep an eye on this lad , as I believe that he will make his mark on the jazz world , one way or another .
 Titulos :1 . Cartas De Amor ~ The Hometown Boys2 . Vengo A Ver Unos Ojos ~ The Hometown Boys3 . Mi Ranchito ~ The Hometown Boys4 . Desamparado De Amor ~ The Hometown Boys5 . Amorcito Consentido ~ The Hometown Boys6 . Amor Ingrato ~ The Hometown Boys7 . Asi Lo De Abandonado ~ The Hometown Boys8 . Indita Mia ~ The Hometown Boys9 . Me Importa Madre ~ The Hometown Boys10 . Yo Soy ~ The Hometown Boys11 . Quisiera Ser ~ The Hometown Boys12 . Yo Vendo Unos Ojos Negros ~ The Hometown Boys13 . Amor Bonito ~ The Hometown Boys14 . Juanita Y Miguel ~ The Hometown Boys15 . La Prieta Casada ~ The Hometown Boys16 . Prenda Querida ~ The Hometown Boys17 . Morenita De Ojos Negros ~ The Hometown Boys18 . Los Laureles ~ The Hometown Boys19 . Buscando Un Carino ~ The Hometown Boys20 . La Llanta Baja ~ The Hometown Boys
 Mark Bernes , one of the most loved Russian actors , appeared in 35 films . But it 's not just his roles , it 's his voice that had set him apart from many other actors of his generation . His songs are unseparable from his warm , one of a kind voice and from his personality . They touch your heart.The actor has long gone but his songs are still here . Several days before his death , in August of 1969 , he did some recording in the studio . He was singing `` Ya liubliu tebya , Zhizn ' -LRB- which means '' I love you , life '' -RRB- among others . He wanted that song to be played at his funeral.This song `` opens '' this CD . It 's followed by his other great songs - `` S Chego Nachinayetsia Rodina '' , `` Pesenka Frontovogo Shofera '' , `` Tyomnaya Noch '' , `` Liubimyi Gorod '' , `` Khotyat Li Russikie Voiny '' , `` Tuchi Nad Gorodom Vstali '' , `` Zhuravli '' , `` Tri Goda Ty Mne Snilas '' , `` Shalandy Polnye Kefali '' , `` Ya Rabotaiu Volshebnikom '' and many others .
 Homie was spittin some ILL azz sht . You boys got talent . G --
 one of the best canadian hip hop artists along with Classified , mathematik , dl incognito , . . pick this up.unbeleivable flow
 Dan-e-o is absolutely Canada 's dopest M.C. . This album is off the hook , I just coped it last month and i 'm still bumping it ! Check for `` Bahhd ! '' and `` Peanut Butter Danish '' ... hot hot hot !
 Daniel 's got some tight lyrics and some nice production on this CD , it 's definitely worth buying , it 'll be in your rotation for weeks !
 I ca n't figure out why in the world this opera is n't done on a regular basis . The Metropolitan has Dolora Zajick on its roster who has sung the title roll in opera houses all over Europe but not the Met . Let 's get a production going for her before she retires to her farm house in Reno . As fas as this 1971 production goes , I ca n't tell if it 's in color or black and white with a blue tint . Either way , the picture is grainy . the sets are cheap looking and the lighting certainly wans n't done with video in mind . On the positive side we have the great Fiorenza Cossotto and the great Alfredo Kraus who make this DVD worth the purchase price . Their scenes together -LRB- especially in acts three and four -RRB- are vocal dynamite . For added excitement and great old fashioned Italian singing we have Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi with Olivero de Fabrities in the orchesta pit . We may get a better production and picture of FAVORITA in the future , but nothing will surpass ths singing on this disc .
 This DVD is a `` must '' for all opera 's lovers . I 'm grateful to the people who recorded this performance , allowing us to hear and see such wonderful voices of the past . Very moving Fiorenza Cossoto 's interpretation of the aria `` O mio Fernando '' and Alfred Kraus 's `` Favorita del re '' . Also , the `` finale '' of the second act is remarkable , when the main voices are mixed with those of the chorus . The image is sometimes a little dark , but that does n't reduce the pleasure of watching this jewel from the past.S&iacute;lvia Costa .
 This performance of `` La Favorita '' is , as far as I know , the ONLYone available on video . I gave it 5 stars , despite some obviousflaws already mentioned by other reviewers , because it is a wonderfulproduction of a much overlooked and underrated Donizetti opera.The video is somewhat grainy , but my copy does not have the waterygreen effect others have mentioned . -LRB- Clips of it on You Tubeare decidedly GREEN ! -RRB- I do n't know if I got a better DVD or if thecolor is just better on my machine . I do know this ... it does n'thave those annoying burned-in Japanese subtitles evidentin so many operas VAI has mined from performances in Japan!The audio , while not exceptional , is perfectly acceptable.Loved the story and found it easy to follow ... although , why theCatholic monk/prior -LRB- Baldassare -RRB- would have a son and daughterwas a bit of a mystery.The best part , of course , was the singing , although I did n't findthe acting too shabby either . I think Alfredo Kraus 's singingand acting could best be described as `` elegant . '' What a performance ; absolute perfection from beginning to end . He sang like a god andmoved with the grace of a dancer . He was the quintessential Fernandoin this production.As for Fiorenza Cossotto , she was a glamorous and thrilling Leonora ; she just nailed the role . -LRB- Okay , I admit it ... I love her . -RRB- Yes , shedid break character in Act III after hitting her high note in `` Scrittoe in cielo mio dolor ! '' But , she did get a thunderous 3 minute ovationfrom the audience and , being Fiorenza , she just could n't resist baskingin the glory ! Well , she did try ... a little . Personally , I loved the moment , but I 've already admitted my bias and I do n't expect others to agree.Ruggero Raimondi was a majestic Baldassarre , convincingly agedfor the role as I think he was fairly young in this production.An exceptional performance , beautifully sung and acted.Unfortunately , this was not one of Sesto Bruscantini 's bestperformances . As King Alfonso , he was on pretty shaky ground untilhe got his footing toward the middle of the opera . He 's apretty impressive baritone , so perhaps he was ailingor just having an off-night . This performance , warts and all , is well worth purchasing and Ihighly recommend it . If you 've never seen `` La Favorita , '' this maybe your only opportunity .
 I agree that the cast in this wonderful performance was n't that even.However , that unevenness does not really subtract fromt he stupendous performances by Cossotto in the title role ` La favorita ' and Kraus in the tenor role of Ferrando.Of the two major supporting roles , Ruggero Raimondi is an adequate friar , if not outstanding . However , Bruscantini as the King really throws much downhill ` relief ' to the otherwise sky high level of performance.Put it this way - this performance is an out and out showcase of what ` bel canto ' singing is about . Alfredo Kraus proved to be the best exponent of this genre in the mid to late 20th century , and the first decade of the 21st as well . He has more elegance and style than Pavarotti , if not the same prowess . His phrasing and messa di voce really put Pav to shame , if you allow me to say so . And he had a much more pleasing timbre than Juan Diego Florez , and far better nuances and characterisation to boot . In his prime , his high notes were done with far greater ease and smoothness than Florez , as his Act Iv aria ` La favorita de re ' amply showed -LRB- compared with Florez 's French version in the ` Bel Canto Spectacular ' Album last year -RRB- . Then , on the other hand , what non-bel canto singers could ` do ' with bel canto works is also amply demonstrated by Bruscantini . Sloppy phrasing , missed notes , inaccurate enunciations , all in all resulting in pitch failures and articulation problems so glaring that one simply had to press the ` fast forward ' button to skip the torture.Then in the middle of the road , Fiorenza Cossotto the famous Verdian mezzo , who demonstrates here that she ` knew ' what is bel canto and how she could make the best out of it , though not an out and out bel canto expert . She has less of a stage presence than Kraus in that she was unfamiliar with portrayals of famous beauties than the Verdian mezzo characters like Azucena.A spectacular performance in many ways . Discounting the hiccups , still heartily recommended for all bel canto lovers and to anyone interested to know what actually is ` bel canto ' . You will fall in love with Kraus and Cossotto .
 I was a bit put off in the beginning with the poor quality of the DVD , the picture seemed to be grainy . The theater was very dark and you saw very little of the orchestra or the conductor . But when the singers ` warmed up ' you were impressed with the voices . Donizetti 's music , as always is so melodic you can close your eyes , sit back and soar ! The audience was enthusiastic in their applause , prolonged ovations ; Leonora was visibly moved to tears after the ovation for one of her arias . The cast was excellant , choreography for ballet scene was superb . I was only slightly disappointed with the set direction and the quality of the filming of the DVD .
 Yes , a great performance , the music was beautiful but the quality of the DVD leaves a lot to be desired , the image was blurry and at times looked washed out and the intrusion of the prompter at times drove me to anger , but in spite of everything I am glad that I saw this performance and added it to my collection.Just the joy of hearing Cossotto , Kraus and Raimondi in their prime is worth the price of this item.Warts and all , I highly recommend it.If you are an opera lover you 'll enjoy this rarely performed opera .
 I love Kraus and Cossotto . They are both dynamite singers in this video . Cossotto is a bit heavily made-up and her acting is a bit plastic , but her singing is wonderful . Kraus always pleases me with his general class and finesse , even physically . I am also a big fan of Bruscantini , but I will admit , I did n't think this is the best presentation of his work . His Italian style is wonderful , but his voice and manner seem a bit gruff for this role . I have a few recordings of him where he is very good up to even magnificent , but perhaps this particular music is asking too much fluidity for his voice . Still , he was a thoroughly professional singer and enjoyable enough in this video . It 's really fun to get some of these older , live performances of great singers , many now deceased , and relive their artistry , seeing them , whilst hearing them . The sound is good in this recording and I play it often .
 Sometimes one forgets the great singers of but a few years ago . This 1971 performance recording , made in Tokyo , though visually a bit dark , is acoustically sparkling with the singers ' joy with Donizetti 's music . He would surely loudly applaud this effort . Both Fiorenza Cossotto and Alfredo Kraus are at their peak . To say nothing of Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi in supporting roles . This opera , unfortunately , is often overlooked for the better known Donizetti works . Well worth enjoying as the music is grand , the arias are among his finest and the ballet a treat to see .
 By far the best recording I have seen of this , one of Donizetti 's most famous operas . Alfredo Kraus sings an especially fine Fernando .
 I liked this CD because it challenged my listening and brought back the old adage of listening for content . I Like Bertha Hope 's refernces to Dizzy 's Salt Penuts , Duke Ellington and Thelonius Monk . The choice of Walter Booker and Jimmy Cobb as a part of the trio did not hurt . Their playing is fantastic . After all they are among the best players on their instruments that we have today . Bertha Sang Two songs that Come out of the Early History of African American Performers who performed in Europe singing Negro Spirituals . I recomend this CD to all Classic Jazz Listeners . Lonnie Jackson
 Whether it be in Zulu , Xhosa or Swahili , Brenda Fassie 's songs and voice carry the message that South Africa is on the rise . Beautiful selection of dance numbers -LRB- Nomankajani -RRB- , ballads , -LRB- Sumbulala -RRB- even R&B -LRB- Weekend Special -RRB- , sung in English , to Gospel-ish -LRB- Nice to be w / People -RRB- , but the anthem-like `` Vul ` indlela '' is the showcase of the cd . Just Buy -LRB- Do -RRB- It !!
 I discovered Brenda Fassie a few years ago and her songs still give me goosebumps . When you listen to Vul ` indela , Nomakanjani , Thola Amadlozi , Sum ' Bulala or Moya you are hearing so much more than a song . You are listening to the voice of the South African people , and it is simply chilling . Some songs mean so much and carry so much history and so many dreams it feels spiritual to listen to them . You will appreciate this even more if you learn about Brenda Fassie and what her life and these songs meant to the South African people . But even if you know nothing , to partake of these songs , you will feel it . They are something special , something amazing and something beautiful .
 Those who know Brenda willl know this is the best compilation of her best songs yet.The rhythm , the base , the melodies will get your feet stomping . Clearly a weekend special , a way to liven up those weekend parties . Love it , love it . Lost my CD to a friend and waiting to order another one as soon as it is in stock.Just got ta have it .
 I ask you , if it ` possible , to put my new e.mail address in my review , for possible contacts with organ lovers
 Kozinsky 's interpretation of Reger 's op. 57 is rather controlled ; the double fugue glides without shakes , the organ seems to favour it spreading out an uniform sound mantle ; if you are fond of this work , and wait for the wise `` slowdowns '' before theme 's repeats , as Wheinberger or Germani did , you 'll be disappointed . Moreover Bach 's BWV 562 , in comparison with so much discography , does not present surprises of great importance . The listener thinks
 If the group had not been labeled `` a disco band '' , The Salsoul Orchestra may have had a longer `` shelf life '' . Like Barry White 's Love Unlimited Orchestra , the ensemble was a group of highly skilled musicians that just happened to be associated with the carefree days of Studio 54 , platform shoes , and the hustle . `` Magic Journey '' did not sell well because of the diversity of the selections offered . The band was just trying to show that it could do more than disco . The collection of songs here is varied , featuring the typical music of the era to tracks suitable for a concert hall.Examples of the former are
 Terrific mid-70 's dance/R & B but not a dated sound at all . Great instrumentals and vocals , expecially by Lolita Holloway . If you like dance , and can appreciate the early disco music , this is a great CD .
 Another great CD release from the Salsoul label on Unidisc.The track listing on Amazon appears to be incorrect though ... . the correct track listing is as follows :1 . It 's A New day - 3.002 . Short Shorts - 3.083 . Run Away -LRB- Album Version -RRB- - 4.444 . Guatanamera - 3.435 . Themes from the Montreal Olympics , 1976 -LRB- Farewell Song & Ballet Of The Closing Ceremnony -RRB- - 5.146 . Getaway - 4.177 . Magic Bird Of Fire -LRB- Album Version -RRB- - 5.018 . Journey to Phoebus - 4.419 . Alpha Centauri - 5.2010 . Run Away -LRB- Danny Krivit Re-Edit -RRB- - 8.3611 . Magic Bird Of Fire -LRB- Firebird Suite -RRB- -LRB- AKA Walter Gibbons Remix -RRB- - 8.04 Stand outs are certainly the brilliant ` Run Away ' and the down right funky ` Getaway ' . The Danny Krivit Re-edit of ` Run Away ' is the 12 '' version we never had and the album is worth it for his Re-edit alone ...
 This was great to be able to get some quality music from back in the day . Music does n't get played like this anymore . CD quality excellent . Whoever sold it to me , thanks .
 Buy it for the gem , Alpha Centuri , a beautiful melody making wonderful use of strings with a slight beat background , plus full orchetra sound . What more could you ask for . Plus for the nice uptemp `` Brand New Day '' which is also inspiring with its lyrics . It makes you happy .
 Un CD verdaderamente entra & ntilde ; able para los amantes del sonido disco . Arreglos excelentes , muy t&iacute;picos de la Salsoul Orchestra . Es un trabajo muy recomendable que refleja toda una epoca .
 Total Time 71:04 On this CD :1 . Otello
 Great in-your-face hardcore here . Kind of a mix of old and new school . Two singers , two guitars , and the beats that wont let up . A lot of tempo changes . I WANT MOOOOOOORE !!!! keep the faith brothas .
 Well , this is some old school stuff , do n't expect this to be some highly technical or melodic new-wave Hardcore . However , those who like good old straigh-forward HC will be pleased with this album . Good aggressive tracks from the beginning . The only really negative point I can think of is the fact that the different songs were recorded in three blocks
 Anyone listening to this CD will wonder why the music of Richard Pygott is so little known . Those who enjoy the work of the more familiar geniuses of English polyphony -- Tallis , Byrd , Gibbons -- will find Pygott a delightful surprise . The Choir of Christ Church Cathedral brings historically authentic forces to bear , and they sing impeccably , with intuitive grace and fine balance . Buy this recording before choirs like this disappear .
 I love these `` Hooked on Classics '' Greatest speed walking music ever done . Great for trips on the road . Great ! I have worn mine out and am going to order more !
 I had worn out my tape cassette back in the '80s listening to Hooked on Classics . I 'm so glad to have it again . The techno drum beat does n't thrill me too much -LRB- reason for subtracting a star -RRB- , but the rest of the orchestra music is fantastic !
 Even though this album is now well over 20 years old , it still hold a special place in my heart . I spent many car trips listening to Hooked On Classics when I was a child . The music is wonderfully arranged to cover a wide variety of classics in a single album.Highly recommended !
 I have been looking for this CD for years . We use to have it in cassette form and somehow lost it . It 's a great CD for travelling , expecially in the Mountains.Thank you Amazon.com
 I have the original vinyl album , from many , many years ago . I loved Hooked on Classics then and still do . I am so happy to find mp3 version . Now I can relive the moment via the mp3 player !
 I LOVE this album , I listened to it over and over and over when it first came out in the early 80 's . Every recognizable theme from all the worlds greatest composers of all time , transposed to same or to relative keys and set to a light constant kind of 2/4 disco beat . WHAT is there not to love about that ? This album was the reason I became a musician and could hum most of the recognizable themes at age 8-9 . This is great if your not a TRUE classical fan but enjoy some famous pieces , and want something a little more upbeat , this is your album . The beat is non stop through each track and keeps it moving . The only slow track is Hooked on Romance , which is slower , but still beautiful . You will be cleaning your house w this cranked if you enjoy , Beethoven , Bach , Tchaikovsky , Brahms , Wagner , its all on here all transposed to the same key and played together . Great
 I 've loved this since I was a kid and my father played it all the time . It takes classical music -LRB- which I love , as a pianist who plays classical music -RRB- , and gives it a beat and rocks it a bit . It 's like making classic music accessible to all ages and music lovers . It 's fun , has a cheesy good beat to it , and can be blared on the speakers while cleaning house . My kids even love it , and they think my music is weird most of the time . Excellent orchestration , even if there is a slight synthetic 80s feels to the drum beats and synthesized parts .
 I 'm neck deep in Anime and other Japanese stuff . However finding CD soundtracks -LRB- especially older ones -RRB- can be difficult at times and utterly and literally EXPENSIVE !!! However in the past year I 've found several out of print items from Japan that have literally been unatainable elsewhere . Props to you Amazon ! The prices are usually about what I pay for them once shipped from Japan but still ... no complaints . One word of caution , the one 's that are fulfilled by Amazon seem to be orginal manufacturer 's productions . However , be weary of copies from other sellers . Some are bootlegs.As to FMP ! Everytime I watch this series I always finding myself wanting the OST . However , I just happened to check Amazon and bam ! There they were . This is one of two volumes . Music is by the same composer who did Gundam Seed and Simoun . All around good stuff . Purchase and Enjoy ! V1 also includes the full length versions of the opening `` Tomorrow '' - Mikuni Shimokawa and the ending `` Never Dying Flower '' .
 My wife and I are area representatives with the Voice Of The Martyrs , and were able to meet Amy Shreve and her husband Gary Wixtrom , as well as to listen to them perform . Shreve plays the harp and other instruments like the mandoline and guitar . She is more than just a musician , though ; she really does minister to others musically.The project includes a couple of traditional hymns
 After hearing Amy Shreve play some of her songs at a Voice Of The Martyrs conference , she has quickly become my favorite singer . She has a voice that sooths the soul , and great lyrics which are based on God 's word.This CD has songs that bring great comfort during dark times , like the songs `` Haven '' and `` Jesus , Lover of My Soul '' -LRB- that one is a great hymn that was written by Charles Wesley -RRB- which are my two personal favorites . This whole CD is great as all of Amy 's CD 's are , and she sounds even better live .
 It 's really hard to find these days an artist with a voice such as this one . Sweet but powerful , Camilo Sesto had an incredibly wide vocal range . His low voice is so low that I can only emulate it in the early morning , after I wake up . His high voice is strikingly high . This album , `` Quieres ser mi amante '' -LRB- Do you want to be my lover -RRB- has no weak points . Almost all of the songs are now classics , a few are not so widespread but are very good , especially `` Triste Final '' -LRB- Sad ending -RRB- . Although released a long time ago , you wo n't notice it . Highly recommended .
 This is not so much a review as it is a public service announcement . This CD is simply the Camilo Sesto album `` Camilo . '' So , if you are distressed that you 're not able to get the CD `` Camilo '' -LRB- the one where he is sitting on that rock with his yellow shirt and pants on -RRB- , fear not , just order this CD instead .
 This is a truly amazing album . 24 songs sung in a variety of languages including Spanish , Hebrew , Yiddish , Russian , Portuguese and Italian.Malka Marom , the daughter of a cantor , came to Canada from Israel , and Joso Spralja the son of a fisherman , from the Dalmatian coast . Although they had seven languages between them , the only language they had in common at that time was music , since Joso did n't know English . These songs were all recorded in the mid 60 's before they dissolved their musical partnership in 1967 . This album is full of beautiful folk songs from the world over . It is also an album that has to be heard and deserves to be heard . Their voices are beautiful as are the songs . Please buy this album , you will not be disappointed . The 12 page booklet contains an interesting essay about Malka and Joso as well as photos .
 This is a culmination of rarely heard Muddy sides spanning from the late forties to the mid fifties . Muddy puts his own spin on The Wolf 's `` Smokestack Lighting , '' and unleashes some of the best tunes -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- ever recorded . `` Little Anna Mae , '' `` Stuff You Got ta Watch , '' and `` Lonesome Day '' are some of my favorite tunes of all time . Little Walter adds a whole new level of eloquent intensity to the cuts on which he appears . If you like Muddy , you will love this . Essential .
 This CD should be in print , in quantity . It 's clearly one of his best . His `` My Home is in the Delta '' showcases his mastery of the Telecaster , and is far superior to the same cut on Folk Singer . `` Little Anna May '' rocks , and his tight band with Otis and Jimmy is incredible . A MUST in the collection of Muddy aficianados .
 He is so good , probably the best norweigan artist - along with lene marlin . I have heard that he does n't want to be `` promoted '' or whatever in other countries because he does n't want to seem commercial . he truely lives for his music ...
 it 's already known , that the scandinavian pop-culture is crossing the borders here in europe , and that good old england has a true enemy ... morten is one of them . his second solo album -LRB- was the lead vocalist of ` the september when ' -RRB- is a real experience . ` be my lover ' is one of the most interesting tracks i 've heard the last months !
 I 've loved Morten Abel for many years . He is one of my very favorite singers/songwriters of all time . I have been listening to him in Vamp , The September When , and now when he is entirely solo , I love him even more . He does n't have the same sad Norwegian longing in his music now as was in The September When . Things are a bit more upbeat , and even some are electronic . There are so many different sounds and moods that Morten can invoke . I really love the dance track `` Be My Lover . '' Such amazing beats and new sounds . I 'm glad he 's doing well in the UK as well . He certainly deserves it . I did not know that he did not want to be promoted . I just thought it was a Norwegian thing , being difficult and all . Thanks for the info . And Morten , keep it up !
 This is truly exciting music . Played with passion , this arrangement explores little known Slavik and Eastern European music . The ensemble between the cello and piano is faultless and the richness of the cello sound -LRB- played on an 1733 Testore -RRB- makes the album memorable . Karen Kaderavek , already a well established cellist , will go far .
 Bjork gives us another great work here . The album is n't perfect , but it has enough value for you to purchase it . `` Army of Me '' and `` It 's Oh so Quiet '' are worth the price of the cd alone.As always , Bjork comes thorough with interesting lyrics backed by unique music . She 's the queen odd , cool musik !
 I think that you should know that Bjork probably is n't like any other CD you 've listened to . First off there 's her voice . Her beautiful Icelandic accent shows through in her music and creates beautiful sounds that shocked me the first time I heard it , and it still does . Second , the songs are wonderfully written and produced , with a awesome combination of pop , quasi-techno , and ballads . This is definitely one of my favorite CD 's with one of the most unique sounds . A must have for those looking for a little somethin' new to add to their music collection .
 I 've never heard anything like this before . Perhaps I 've been musically ignorant and having been weaned on pop and rock I totally dismissed this record at first . Some of the singles struck me , but few made little or no impression . Now I realise that from the band-big bombast of ` It 's Oh So Quiet ' , to the grandiose , jungle beat feel of ` Isobel ' , Bjork has herself a winner here . A wonderful album .
 Post is like a toy that you keep until you die . I ca n't put it in words how this album helps me get through the day . Starting with # 1 Army of Me
 Post is simply Bjork 's masterpiece . Both Rolling Stone and Spin magazines have acknowledged Post as one of the most influential and important albums of the 90 's . -LRB- not sure which issues , but i know i read them -RRB- . And besides the fact that it won an MTV Europe Music Award , and was nominated for a Grammy , just listen to the songs and you 'll realize how ingenious Bjork really is .
 Post is my all time favorite album . Listening to it is like taking an adventure to another world . Hyperballad and Enjoy alone make this album worth the money . It has been recognized as one of the most influential albums of the 90 's by both Rolling Stone and Spin magazines . This will be the best investment you could make .
 Bjork might be somewhat of an acquired taste , but even if you do n't like her you have to admit that she is completely original and unlike any other artist out there . Bjork is always ahead of her time ! Not all the songs on Post blew my mind but the ones that did -LRB- HyperBallad especially -RRB- make this album one of my favorites . Become a Bjork fan , you can always wow non-Bjorkers with her wonderful voice and melodic weirdness :-RRB- -LRB- Plus , Bjork is so adorable ! I love seeing her in interviews just to hear her talk ! : -RRB-
 This cd is an eclectic mix of all different types of songs . One of the most original albums I 've listened to .
 This is the best album ever made plain and simple . So do n't listen to anyone else especially anyone from a `` higher plane '' .
 This record is a very wonderful thing , and I 'm so glad it exists
 This album is great . It dares to show that electronic music can evoke every human emotion ... and not just dance music . Bjork shines on this record !
 this is the kind of music you 'd hear if you could turn your lungs inside out and let them breathe fresh air for once . . starting with the loud and empowered army of me , you get into her world immediately . -LRB- ex . `` and if you complain/once more / you 'll meet an army of me '' - basically she tells you to shut up , and listen . -RRB- by the end , with headphones , she 's trying her best to get you to fall asleep . and if you are n't tired , you 'll at least be in a waking dreamstate . provided distractions are at a minimal . you ca n't really explain it . it 's just awesome .
 I have listened to this CD from day one and never grow tired . When ever you want to be put in the right mood ; whether preparing to go out -LRB- Army of Me & I Miss You -RRB- , cozy with a loved one -LRB- It 's Oh So Quiet & Isobel -RRB- , or contemplate your own mortality -LRB- Cover Me -RRB- . Bjork more than delivers . She offers new and as yet to be duplicated superiority . WOW !!
 When I bought `` Debut '' , Bjork became one of my favourite singers . When I bought `` Post '' , this album put her in a status that almost reaches my always adored Peter Gabriel -LRB- who she had say she admires too -RRB- . Less commercial than `` Debut '' , but with climatic sounds , `` Post '' sends you to a trip to other worlds . It shows that Bjork desserves to be considerated one of the most important genious of all-time music . In fact , since Laurie Anderson and Kate Bush -LRB- about whom Bjork says they are her heroines since her teenages -RRB- there has n't been a female artist who could expand the music vocabulary to the most trascendental edges . Emotion , creativity and eclecticism are the key elements which were used to create this collection of fascinating sounds and lyrics .
 I LOVE BJORK and this is a GREAT example of her superb work yet again . Hyper-ballad is my favorite song , , , She has such hauntingly beautiful lyrics . . i LOVE HER > . i just got her import GLING GLO . . she is so cute in her native tongue also ... Sugarcubes rock becuz of BJORK > > > >
 This is by far the most wonderful CD I 've ever heard !! It ca n't be compared to any others . All of the songs on the CD are amazing and no two songs sound a like , unlike many of the CDs that that have come out in the world of `` alternative music '' Sure all of her CD 's are great and I love them all but this is , the best , of the best . All in all it ca n't get any better than this !
 Bjork shows with her album ` Post ' , tha tshe 's not following the comercial way . The song are creative and the CD is a mixture of joy and meditation She finds the inspiration of the texts in her own personality Her voice is a miracle
 Bjork shows that she 's got the beat . Articulate words from an original voice make this the first of one of the best hi energy CD 's I 've ever heard . You do n't want to mix the remixes either .
 Bjork 's solo breakthrough `` Debut '' and the darker , more abstract `` Homogenic '' are both works of distinct , eclectic originality , but neither has the musical depth and variety of `` Post , '' a collection of twisted fairy tales and idiosyncratic poems set to music that genuinely catches you off guard . With the collaboration of the true vanguards of trip-hop , she plays by her own rules here , and the totally unfamiliar rhythm of `` Hyper-Ballad '' and `` The Modern Things '' may seem impenetrable at first . However , even under the simple loop of `` Army of Me , '' there are many layers that are thrilling to explore . Bjork successfully proves that `` the impossible really exists ... ''
 This is one of the most amazing albums you will ever listen to . I literally spent an entire year listening to the entire CD before going to sleep . It never grows old , and you will be continually surprised each time you liten to it . Bjork has done many great things in the past , and her more recent albums are wonderful too , but POST remains the epitome of Bjork .
 In 1995 , Bjork released her second album entitled POST . This album sounds a lot like that of her first album , but this album seems to be a little more intense than that of the first album . Frankly , POST is actually even better than DEBUT , and DEBUT was amazing to begin with . I can understand why this album sounds a lot better than the first , for Bjork now has experience in coming up with new sounds , as well as the fact that she wrote Madonna 's hit single , `` Bedtime Story '' , for Madonna 's 1994 album , BEDTIME STORIES.ARMY OF METhe first single from the album . This song is absolutely incredible , and the video is spectacular . A great song.HYPER-BALLADThe second single from the album . This is , yet , another amazing track . This is a song , just like `` Army Of Me '' , that I can listen to over and over.THE MODERN THINGSGreat track.IT 'S OH SO QUIETThe third single from the album . This is a great track . It sounds like it could be well-crafted into a Broadway Musical , like `` Rent '' , or something.ENJOYGreat track.YOU 'VE BEEN FLIRTING AGAINGreat.ISOBELThe fourth single from the album . Another great track.POSSIBLE MAYBEThe fifth single from the album . Great track , and great video.I MISS YOUThe sixth & final single from the album . Great track.COVER MEGreat track.HEADPHONESNot bad , but it could have been a lot better than this.This album is truly amazing , and it definitely informs us that Bjork has a lot of talent and creativity . Yeah , I 'll admit that she 's definitely out there , but that 's what I like about her
 actually it does not picture bj&ouml;rk well buti like listening it.there is lots of songs which can not be denied tohave great techno beats ... army of me ***** hyper ballad ***** the modern things ** it 's oh so quiet **** enjoy ***** you 've been flirting again *** isobel **** possibly maybe **** i miss you ***** cover me *** headphones *
 Pretty good , but not as danceable as DEBUT : My favorite songs are Army of Me , Headphones , Possibly Maybe , Enjoy , and Isobel .
 One thing about Bjork , she 'll either miss you completely with one of her songs or nail you right between the eyes . A few songs on Post miss me completely -LRB- the slower ones in My Headphones , Cover Me and You 've Been Flirting Again do n't do a lot for me -RRB- . But the rest ... wow ... Isobel , I Miss You and The Modern Things are all irresistably catchy . You 'll find them in your head hours after you 've listened to them.But the highlight here is Hyperballad , a song many electronica artists rate as a classic . Its chorus lifts you so high that you 'll want to keep playing it over just for the rush you get listening to it.There may be a couple of dud songs on Post , but the rest will keep you coming back , time and time again .
 It 's almost impossible to describe Bjork to someone that has never listened to her . To say she sounds different is an understatement , and to say she sounds weird does n't even begin to scratch the surface . Yet the uniqueness of her sound alone makes picking up her CD a must . Love her or hate her , you got ta admit she sounds like nothing else out there , and on `` Post '' all of the pieces fall together and makes for some great music.My favorite track on the album is probably `` It 's oh so quiet '' , which used a swing-type beat -LRB- before it became cool to do so -RRB- , mixed with Bjork 's voice going from a delicate whisper to a shriek and back again . `` Isobel '' is a great ballad with lyrics that are catchy as hell . The album starts off with a bang on `` Army of Me '' , and then leads in to the poignant `` Hyper-ballad '' , which is beautiful , heart wrenching , and the most demanding track on the CD to listen to . The albums stylistic heterogeneity -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , for all of its oddity , for some reason really works . Despite their differences , the songs flow together quite well , and together the album itself is definitely greater than the sum of its parts.This album is an artistic statement , as odd as the name Bjork , as interesting as her homeland -LRB- Iceland -RRB- , as diverse as her musical influences , and as enjoyable a listen as I 've had in a long time .
 I am so sorry that I did n't buy this album a long time agao . This album is WONDERFUL ! Every single track on this CD is top-quality -- absolutely no throw-away songs . They all flow together , one to the next . I can not begin to describe this album so you 're just going to have to get it yourself and see ! it 's soooooooo worth it .
 This album is one of the best if not the best of my musical collection . Each song connects with the next , but each song is also very different from the previous . This album is a journey . There is not one song that I dislike on the album . I highly recommend it !
 I personally loved Debut with it 's dance beats and its trippy lyrics , but Post is what turned me into a bona fide Bjork fan . The album , in my opinion , is brilliant . Throughout , Bjork brings an exotic and wild flavor to her music , which makes you want to tame it and become part of it at the same time . From the industrial `` Army Of Me , '' theatrical frollicks of `` It 's Oh So Quiet , '' the lullaby-like-music-heard-on-a-radio-signal-from-another-planet , `` Possibly Maybe '' to the primitive feeling `` Isobel '' the album is unique , original , ahead of its time , thoughtful , emotional and breathtaking . Some may find Bjork 's voice something to be desired , but just give it a chance . In my opinion , she kind of reminds me of an Icelandic Billie Holiday . Bjork brings so much emotion and character to her voice you ca n't help but wonder if she 's acting out her songs as if being the star in her own futuristic musical .
 . first one i came across but i was young
 Bjork is the most original music artist of all time . This is her best album , plain and simple . Every song is unique in it 's own way -LRB- as are all of Bjorks ' songs -RRB- and deserve repeated listining 's . From the industrial sounding ` Army of Me ' to the trance inducing ` Headphones ' there is n't a bad song on this album . If you are new to Bjork 's music , you ca n't go wrong with this one . If you are already a fan , WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH YOU !! Buy this cd .
 . . And that 's saying something nowadays . I still love listening to this album , every song on it is different and equally engaging . `` Isobel '' is my favorite , an incredible tune . You ca n't go wrong buying this CD .
 Just buy it . Post is awesome . I have listened to this CD most realistically-speaking a few thousand times in the last 5 + years and I still love it . This is an eclectic collection of true musical talent , emotion and artistry . The themes are varied and cling to you . If you do n't care for a song , give it time . Every song is a gorgeous masterpiece ... -LRB- well , It 's Oh So Quiet is just a cover , so it wears thin compared to the rest -RRB- ... One of my all-time favorite albums . This was one of the most important recordings of the 20th century .
 I was first introduced to Bjork when a friend of mine had to write an essay for religion class on what he thought was god . He wrote about Bjork . I watched all her videos and soon copied Post . This album ruled my life ; I listened to Possibly Maybe at least 5 times a day plus when I woke up and went to sleep . This madness is beautiful , touching , terrifying . Evoking feelings and thoughts that do n't even know existed . This is definately one of the best cds out there , a classic .
 POST , Bjork 's second release as a solo artist , mines the fertile soil of the eclectic musical terrain of post-modern pop . The album throbs in and out of ambient cadences with techno beats , slips into showtune theatrics , then reels back to the dance floor.With a full plate of sounds already on the table , Bjork adds her own unique flare to the presentation , proving she is not easily pigeonholed . The lyrically-insistent opener , `` Army Of Me , '' is a relentless electronic grind that is typical of Bjork 's vibe , but POST also digs into Western music 's more organic resources . `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' may be a remake of an old Hollywood showtune , but Bjork 's version transcends the song 's silver screen aloofness on the strength of her delightful screams -LRB- `` Zing , BOOM !! / You fall in love '' -RRB- . It is directly followed by `` Enjoy , '' a lurching hypnotic nod with musical help from British trip-hop MC , Tricky ; and the smooth , Bee Gees-like orchestration of `` Isobel , '' a swooning accompaniment to strobe light bongo drums which announces that the listener is no longer at a rave , but at a disco.POST shows off Bjork 's grasp of technology , history and basic pop aesthetics . Few modern rock albums have sampled so many different facets of the atypical buffet and have come up with such tasty results .
 More than one critic has contended that with her sophomore solo album , `` Post '' , Bj&ouml;rk had written the seminal album of the decade . Whether or not this claim is correct , `` Post '' is without question the best album for anyone unfamiliar with Bj&ouml;rk 's compositions or performance style . `` Post '' is Bj&ouml;rk 's most stylistically electic album , meshing more developed versions of her earlier endeavors with inchoate musical ideas that would later flourish in `` Homogenic '' and `` Vespertine '' . Two songs -LRB- `` Army of Me '' and `` Enjoy '' -RRB- take her punk background and elevate it miles above the amateurishness of Kukl . Two more -LRB- `` The Modern Things '' and `` I Miss You '' -RRB- echo the electronic pop of `` Debut '' with considerably more sophistication . There are remnants of the late , `` Stick Around for Joy '' - era Sugarcubes in `` Isobel '' . There 's even a throwback to `` Gling-Gl &oacute; '' in her manic cover of Betty Hutton 's `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' . Along with these refined versions of Bj&ouml;rk 's earlier theories , `` Post '' also contains the first seeds of the two themes that have become her trademarks and have resulted in her best work . The first of these is the fusion of electronica and classical into a unique and exquisite style ; in `` Hyperballad '' , the best piece of the `` Post '' era , Bj&ouml;rk wraps her voice around mellifluous strings and computerized beats , prefiguring many of the pieces in `` Homogenic '' and even `` Selmasongs '' . The second is the thrill of quiet ; `` Possibly Maybe '' , `` Cover Me '' and `` Headphones '' all show the composer 's first solo experimentation with musical privacy , a theme that forms the crux of `` Vespertine '' . `` Post '' is not the best album of the 1990s ; it is n't even the best Bj&ouml;rk album of the 1990s . It is , however , a marvelous , unparalleled achievement in so many different fields of composition that the album is ideal as an introduction to the Icelander 's multitude of styles . Whether you go from here to the rock and roll of `` Miranda '' , the experimental punk of `` The Eye '' and `` Holidays in Europe '' , the insane pop of `` Here Today , Tomorrow , Next Week ! '' , the jazz of `` Gling-Gl &oacute; '' , the electronica pop of `` Debut '' , the 21st-century classical of `` Homogenic '' , the melodrama of `` Selmasongs '' or the placidity of `` Vespertine '' , `` Post '' is the place to start .
 i first bought this album back in 1995 , after seeing `` it 's oh so quiet '' on MTV in Indonesia . the rest was such a surprise ! Bjork 's music has opened my mind and ears up to music such as Autechre , Aphex Twin and others . This album is still fantastic five years later , it just sounds so ahead of its time and still has n't dated at all . The opening of track 7 `` isobel `` is amazing ; the orchestral music builds with drums rushing up to meet , then the strings fall away and reveal some amazing sounds in the background , immediately bringing to mind images of the forest Bjork sings about in the song.anyway , get this cd - it 's really brilliant , bjork is truly one of a kind and i ca n't wait for her new album ! -LRB- mid 2001 , apparently -RRB-
 Ten years after its release , Bj&ouml;rk 's _ Post _ does not sound dated in any way , something that will likely be said of all of Bj&ouml;rk 's albums -LRB- except perhaps _ Debut _ -RRB- as the years pass . On _ Post _ , Bj&ouml;rk fuses the avant-garde approach to music she cultivated in the Sugarcubes with her nascent wonderment for electronic sounds ; what comes out of this marriage is a CD that is nothing short of remarkable.Listening to _ Post _ now , it is easy to see the signposts that point back to Bj&ouml;rk 's old music , and forward to the music that was to come from her . `` The Modern Things '' harkens back to the inspired silliness of the Sugarcubes , and `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' makes evident Bj&ouml;rk 's appreciation for the classics . The grinding sounds of `` Army of Me '' and `` Enjoy '' reflect Bj&ouml;rk 's own interests in industrial music around 1995 due to her relationships with Tricky and Goldie.The songs that are prescient of Bj&ouml;rk 's future turns in her career , though , are the true highlights of _ Post _ . The epic climaxes of `` Hyper-ballad '' and the rushing strings of `` Isobel '' prefigure the lush soundscapes and naked , raw emotions of _ Homogenic _ , while the minimalism of `` You 've Been Flirting Again , '' `` Cover Me '' and `` Headphones '' foreshadow the compositions of _ Vespertine _ and _ Medulla _ . _ Post _ serves as testament that Bj&ouml;rk certainly did not suffer from a `` sophomore jinx '' on her second major-label album ; if anything , on _ Post _ Bj&ouml;rk manages to escape what few elements of `` mainstream music '' happened their way onto _ Debut _ , and stakes her claim as one of the most independent and unique singers and songwriters of turn-of-the-millennium culture . All those who can get past portrayals of Bj&ouml;rk in the insipid mass-media as `` the weird chick in the swan dress '' should purchase _ Post _ and discover for themselves the early roots of Iceland 's foremost musical genius .
 One dark night a couple of years ago I was driving a long way to get back home . Tired and feeling somewhat sad -- a relationship was coming apart quite badly , and it was ever present in my mind . What did I do wrong ? Why did this happen ? You know.Post was playing on my CD player , and I was just half-paying attention to it . Then suddenly the music caught my attention
 This , the second effort of Bj&ouml;rk 's solo career , finds her in what most people consider top form . The album starts off very well with the mechanic and demanding `` Army Of Me '' , which leads to one of the best and most emotional cuts , `` Hyper-ballad '' , which tells the tale of a woman hiding her negative feelings from her lover and , in the process , becoming violent and nearly suicidal . `` The Modern Things '' is a very electronic song using funny lyrics . The much hyped-about `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' is a fun song in its own right , but not a big favorite of mine . `` Enjoy '' is next , the highlight of which is the percussion and the brass . Following is the quiet and strange `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' . While reassuring to the subject of the song who is apparently feeling very bad about a relationship , it just has a mysterious aire about it . Another standout track is `` Isobel '' , a fairy-tale told in a very creative and atmospheric manner . Very well done . `` Possibly Maybe '' is the most depressing song on the album , to be sure , detailing the different stages of a relationship and its downfall . Then we find ourselves at `` I Miss You '' , a very beat-oriented and extremely enjoyable track concerned with fantasizing about a future soul mate . I think it 's a very good combination with the previous song because it gives hope . The second-from-last `` Cover Me '' is short but sweet , and very experimental . Bj&ouml;rk practically whispers the lyrics , as if they 're a secret . At the end of it all , we can just put on our `` Headphones '' and enjoy the wonderfully quiet albeit sexy closer on the album , with its multi-vocals , whispers , and even shouts at the end -LRB- which do n't end up very loud - the song was recorded at a lower volume than the others -RRB- . While this CD certainly is the most varied Bj&ouml;rk we 've heard yet , everyone 's got different tastes and preferences and I just enjoy some of her other work more than this . I 'm one of those `` cohesive junkies '' , I guess . In any case , this is a good display of what an extremely talented singer and composer can do , and probably a good introduction into her work .
 This CD sat on my shelf for about a year -LRB- ouch -RRB- while I listened to other things . My mistake . Bjork teams up with slew of producers and musicians , and manages to get a collection that 's eclectic and yet all fits together . Her thicker-than-thick accent is still in place , so you may have to listen harder than you 'd care to -LRB- thankfully , there 's a lyric sheet -RRB- . I always liked `` Army of Me '' , but that track is n't the highlight here by a long way . `` Hyper-Ballad '' is superb -LRB- and intriguing -RRB- , and it 's fun to hear Bjork have fun -LRB- as she obviously is -RRB- on `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' . I loved the lyrics to `` Possibly Maybe '' - the music was just a bit off for me , though . I also enjoyed `` I Miss You '' and `` Isobel '' . The closing track -LRB- `` Headphones '' -RRB- was the only one to not make much impression on me . Maybe too weird for committed pop-philes , perhaps too pop for the truly out-there , but the rest of us can enjoy this . I plan on making up for the last twelve months ...
 I simply must say that throughout history there have been very few musicians who have been able to tap into what is the soul of music . Those who have been able to tell a story which withstands the test of time and is still a viable example of their message years after their passing . Stravinsky , Beethoven , PJ Harvey , Kate Bush , Gershwin ... BJORK!What these artists have in common is there ability to use music to both shape lives and heal souls . `` Post '' is simply the best example of this . These 11 songs cover the spectrum of human emotion and experience . From the happy to the sad , from passion to boredom . Bjork has helped better define human existence . Get Debut , Telegram , Homogenic , and Post for they are all examples of her genius and majesty .
 As much as I enjoy all her work , front to back this is easily my favorite album of hers . The music is as colorful as the cover . `` Army Of Me '' is nearly industrial pop , `` Hyperballad '' sounds like just that , and `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' , maybe her most popular song ever , sounds like it came right out of a Broadway musical . Two other highlights for me are `` Possibly Maybe '' , which usually puts me in a trance , and `` I Miss You '' , which is just wonderfully wacky , much like it 's video . Newcomers should first grab her `` Greatest Hits '' , but after that , `` Post '' is the most .
 The one thing that could and probably must be said about Bjork 's music is that it is otherworldly . Listening to anything produced by the uber-talented Icelandic beauty -LRB- yes I said beauty ; her childish and slightly impish features are exotic to me -RRB- is like a slow slide into a land unfamiliar to most humans . Bjork is in a league all her own and creates music she wants to create , music she is passionate about it that resonates on every track on this album . She can not be pigeonholed for there is nothing she wo n't attempt . This can be seen full throttle in her sophomore album ` Post ' , an album rich with unique and original concepts that elevate Bjork above just about everyone else.The first thing you 'll notice about ` Post ' is that it possesses a little more edge than her debut album ` Debut ' . The first track off the album is ` Army of Me ' and it is sic with heavy bass and almost eerie undertones . I relish this side of Bjork , her darker more untamed side . ` Army of Me ' is one of the most memorable tracks here for the beat alone will get stuck in your skin . Along these same musical lines is ` Enjoy ' , a track that is extremely ` enjoyable ' . This style suits Bjork magically ; her voice and her style is personified by the techno laden beats.But this is not all Bjork has in store for us.Taking us away from the rave and into a different kind of club atmosphere Bjork takes advantage of the techno beats to create more up-tempo tracks ; much like ` Hyper-Ballad ' which is just that , a hyper ballad . The song starts off sweet and sincere , Bjork 's flaw vocals adding layers of emotional depth to the lyrics , and then it explodes hyper-intensity that is joyous and boisterous . This same energy is seen in ` I Miss You ' , a track that almost has a Latin flare to it with the tribal sounding bongos and horns forming a sturdy back-beat . You can tell that Bjork is having a lot of fun with this song . ` The Modern Things ' is a good transitioning between the up-tempo techno beats and the sensitive ballad . It 's a brilliantly constructed track and leads us into Bjork 's next musical adventure ... The ballad.Two tracks ; ` You 've Been Flirting Again ' and ` Cover Me ' , are short and to the point , graceful and delicate in their delivery and give us yet another layer to the talent that is Bjork . ` Cover Me ' is such a beautiful addition to the album , adding Oriental flare to the track with the classic strings caressing the track magically . It 's short , but it 's meaningful . ` Isobel ' has classical orchestral inspiration and it magnificently merges this influence with an almost tribal backdrop . ` Possibly Maybe ' is one of my favorite tracks on the album . It 's brimming with an intense sensuality that I did n't expect . It 's soft and delicate and very inviting . It feels warm ; if that makes sense.But Bjork is n't finished yet ... If anyone has been privilidged to see ` Dancer in the Dark ' -LRB- I say privileged mainly because the film alone is flawless -RRB- then you have experienced Bjork in full on ` musical ' mode . She gives us an early taste of this with ` It 's Oh So Quiet ' , a track that feels like a Broadway number . It 's lively and imaginative and perfectly constructed and delivered . Bjork knows what she 's doing and it shows . Not only is it technically flawless but her heart is in it and that elevates it to new heights.The closing track ` Headphones ' feels in a way like an emotional crash for Bjork . This is a good thing . The song is almost stagnant , with no real shifts in pitch but it manages to display emotion quite adequately . As the song begins you can feel an almost draining on the part of Bjork . It 's a beautiful effort on her part and closes out the album spectacularly . ` Post ' is one of Bjork 's finest albums and is a far more complete and collected album then her phenomenal debut album ` Debut ' . She has mastered her vision and delivers it in such a beautiful package that we can be nothing short of stunned by her growth . Like I have said before and will continue to say ; Bjork is not for everyone , but anyone can see that this girl is talented beyond compare . Even if you are not drawn to her musical style you at least must admit that she is one of the most original acts in music today , and that alone is a triumph .
 A friend of mine introduced me to the sounds of Bjork one day , and I have not been the same since . My first outing with Bjork was the incredible `` Homogenic '' , her very last album . Then , I was introduced to this album , `` Post . '' The album is nothing short of incredible . The only reason I give it 4 stars vs. 5 is due to the fact that two of the songs I do not particularly care for , and I believe `` Homogenic '' to be the best album she has released thus far . `` Post '' is an album of wonderful melody and imagination . It is an album that , in my opinion , is the best album to throw at someone who has never heard of Bjork . Although `` Homogenic '' is a better album , it 's a bit tough to listen to if you are not open to such sounds . `` Post '' is a bit more accessible and melodic . The standouts in my opinion are `` Isobel '' , `` All These Modern Things '' , and the absolutely beautiful `` Hyper-Ballad . '' `` Hyper-Ballad '' alone is a song which should be heard by everyone . It truly shows how amazing music can be sometimes . The video for it is also beautiful to watch . Listening to music like this reminds you what music can do for people , and for the world in general . Bjork captures all that is good in music , and challenges us to imagine more . I am glad she became a part of my life .
 Post is probably my favorite Bjork album . Every song has an energy that makes it stand out . You certainly could n't categorize this album because it does not fit in any genre . Take a special listen to Hyperballad , Isobel , and my personal favorite Enjoy , which is one of the most sexiest , and raunchiest songs ever , full of RAW emotion .
 I 'm French and i can say that this woman is the powerfullest woman in the world . With her voice , and all her lirycs who make you nuts so it is pretty and touched -LRB- touchant -RRB- ! The album POST is the best to my advice of her album . all 2,3,5,6,7,8 are my prefered and the other , i heard them all days . How can i describe it ? I ca n't , hear it and you go on a travel , the travel of best-music of Bjork
 Post has got to be Bjork 's crowning achievement in her amazing career . Every song is outstanding . It was voted as one of the most important albums of the 90 's by Spin magazine . And Rolling Stone voted Post as one of the 150 greatest albums EVER ! Do you need to hear any more ? Post is a must have .
 This is the best album in the world , period
 Bjork never ceases to amaze . Debut showed us that she has what it takes to delve into the world of electronica . Now there is no wonder as to why Bjork is known as `` the Queen of Electronica '' . LONG LIVE THE QUEEN !!!
 I concider this her best CD so far . Her composition is very good and uniqe as her voice . She masters the Icelandic accent in her singing without making it akward . The songs are like fairy tales and adventures which are very close to Bjorks caracter . It 's very Bjork - nothing like it .
 This album is a mix of some really great songs , and some bad ones . Army of Me , while a decent song , does not allow Bjork to use her amazingly expressive voice , which is what makes her so good . Hyperballad is the best Bjork song ever , and the song that got me hooked on her . The Modern Things is good , not incredible . It 's Oh So Quiet is awesome , great change of pace . Enjoy is decent , but sounds more like a song for Homogenic or Vespertine . You 've Been Flirting Again bores me to death every time , I usually skip it . Isobel rocks , good beat and melody . Possibly Maybe also rocks , and falls just short of Hyperballad for the best lyrics on the album . I miss you is an embarrasment , along with the worst Bjork music video I 've ever seen . The band that kicks in at about 2:00 saves it a little . Cover me is pretty boring too . Headphones is cool if you listen to it with headphones on.Overall its not the best Bjork album , but you should buy it just for Hyperballad , It 's Oh So Quiet , and Isobel .
 I remember being about 10 or 11 years old and being frightened out of my mind by the scary Bjork lady dancing around on a truck on MTV . Sufficet to say , I could n't understand why she was getting rave reviews . A coupla years later I saw her on Jay Leno singing a big-band song and loved it . The screaming was a little odd for me , but I recanted and bought the single to `` It 's Oh So Quiet . '' Can you say , `` Excellent '' ? I immediately went out and purchased this CD , `` Post '' and was blown away at how awesome it is ! There are so many good songs on here , it is definitley a CD everyone should own . Do n't miss it ! And by the way , Bjork being scary just makes her oh so much more appealing , would n't you say ?
 Bjork is the next Madonna . In 2000 and beyond , we will probably see and hear Bjork as much as we have Madonna . Post is Bjork 's first flat-out masterpiece . Song such as `` Army of Me '' and `` Enjoy '' boil will all the rage of eighties metal , only Bjork traps them in techno cocoons and demands that you find the beauty in the metallic scraping and electronic beeps . `` Hyperballad '' is her best song yet , a paranoid techno lullaby with beautiful strings and pounding drums backing her lovely voice . Any fan of alternative or dance music must own this CD . I have listened to this album so many times and it never gets old . It just gets better .
 Episode 2 of the journey ... This album is a must buy ! Sheer elegance and artistic freedom ! She outdid herself . Very bi-polar , in essence ! Start to finish , you WILL enjoy this album !
 Debut and Homogenic were very innovative in their own right , but Post is different . This is the one album that captures that true Bjork essence , and shows her at her most unusual , yet almost frighteningly brilliant . The songs range from 40s big band romps , to pulsating techno , to calypso beats , to Oriental Strings . This album has it all . Accompanied with the music videos , it proves Bjork to be one of the most fascinating , and respected artists of the 90s .
 ... and here 's the proof ! for all you bjork fans who do n't already know
 `` Post '' is Bjork 's most outstanding effort to date . Much anticipated to follow in the success of her previous release `` Debut '' , `` Post '' has emerged with new and different experiments in sound . The magical blend of dance beats and strong classical instruments like violins and cellos , sets this artist apart from all others . The powerful tracks of this album , are extremely versatile , resembling big-band , orchestral pieces , and funky techno rhythms - yet it is all Bjork . With her extraordinary vocal talents , it almost would n't matter what she had to say but we are thankful for the grace and poetry of her lyrics . Bjork is like no other and this album is a true musical experience .
 Post begins with a firey explosion then doesnt really get good again until Enjoy . My favorit is Isobel . Musically it is much like Homogenic but lyrically it is more like Debut . Personally I think the record kicks !
 Since Laurie Anderson and Kate Bush , few women have taken modern music to outsiding edges as Bjork . After her revelaing `` Debut '' , she offers another ecletic and climatic compilation of tunes that makes you feel in a cartoon abstract-but-haunting world -LRB- the same sensation that I feel every time I listen to Bush 's `` Hounds of Love '' , which I bought the same day than this one -RRB- . If `` Debut '' had put Bjork in the list of my favorite artists , `` Post '' became my most favorite artist after Peter Gabriel . With experiments between trip-hop , jungle and a little bit of ethnic flavor , this album made me think that Bjork promised -LRB- and then accomlished that promise -RRB- to be in the list of the most intelligent musicians in the world .
 Following up the audacious , dance/jazz hybrid of 1993 's `` Debut '' would have been a towering feet for any other alternative performer , but Bj&ouml;rk has so many tricks up her sleave that any pretentions seem to fade away . `` Post '' , an admirably accomplished and eclectic brew of musical ideas , even wrap its defects handsomely . The entire album shines with ecstatic beats , witty noises and a careful production . The latter is what is the problem with the material , which seems more of an excercise than a craft ; as if the 30-year old Icelandic singer were picking pieces of inspiration from a sack which had all the right ideas . This makes `` Post '' an engaging , albeit sometimes frustrating , listen .
 `` Post '' is Bj&ouml;rk 's third solo album and second English one . The album was release in June of 1995 . The album was produced in conjunction with Nellee Hooper , Tricky , Graham Massey of 808 State , and electronica producer Howie B. Building on the success of her previous album `` Debut '' , Bj&ouml;rk continued to pursue different sounds , taking particular interest in dance and techno . Production by Tricky and Howie B also provided trip-hop/electronica-like sounds on songs like `` Possibly Maybe '' . It was these producers ' influence that gave Bj&ouml;rk to create material like the storming `` Army Of Me '' and `` Enjoy '' . However , Bj&ouml;rk had not lost her old fascination with Hollywood-style numbers . She covered the Betty Hutton song `` Blow A Fuse '' , later re-named `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' , it became one of Bj&ouml;rk 's most well-known songs . After `` Army Of Me '' reached the U.K. top 10 , and `` Isobel '' -LRB- which did less well -RRB- , One Little Indian scheduled `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' as a novelty Christmas hit . To their surprise it reached number four in December 1995 , even later spoofed by The Smurfs . Despite Bj&ouml;rk later disowning the song , the commercial attention led to her single releases `` Hyper-Ballad '' and `` Possibly Maybe '' charting higher than expected . Much material was produced during the album 's genesis in 1994 , including `` I Go Humble '' , which would later be released as a B-side song . `` Cover Me '' was originally recorded in a bat-infested cave in Nassau with a dictaphone , but was cut for the studio version . `` Post '' eventually went to number two on the U.K. Album Chart becoming Bj&ouml;rk 's biggest seller there . A remix album , `` Telegram '' , soon followed and Bj&ouml;rk was now officially Iceland 's biggest musical export . `` Post '' had been certified platinum in the U.S. . It ranked # 26 in Spin 's `` 100 Greatest Albums , 1985-2005 '' . `` Post '' and `` Homogenic '' were placed back to back on Pitchfork 's best of the 90s list . In 2003 , the album was ranked number 373 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time .1 . Army Of Me - `` Army Of Me '' is futuristic , a kick your butt of a song , that is heard in the `` Tank Girl '' movie and on the soundtrack .2 . Hyper-ballad - My favorite song on this album , it 's something that you might hear in a dream or a song that might be from another planet , it 's cool ! .3 . The Modern Things - I ca n't explain this song , I will say it 's great and weird , but in a good way .4 . It 's Oh So Quiet - This is the famous song that people on T.V. make fun of Bj&ouml;rk for , because in the video Bj&ouml;rk jumps off walls and screams , but it 's still a great song that was a hit . The song contains some Jazz and big band music .5 . Enjoy - `` Enjoy '' is very similar to `` Army Of Me '' it has a kick your butt sound to it , at the same time it remains me of the theme from `` OZ '' .6 . You 've Been Flirting Again - Bj&ouml;rk 's first bad song on this album , I skip it everytime because it 's very boring and plain , I ca n't get a feel for it .7 . Isobel - Even though it 's similar to `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' , `` Isobel '' contains more lyrics that are on the high vocal side and more music to it then `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' . This song has a jungle sound to it too like `` Aeroplane '' from Bj&ouml;rk 's first album `` Debut '' and some orchestra pieces in here .8 . Possibly Maybe - Easy going song that will draw you in to it 's world . This song is anything but boring , even though it might put you sleep .9 . I Miss You - It 's fun , weird and very danceable just like the cartoons in the music video .10 . Cover Me - The song offers Asian harps and echos in the background , besides that it 's another boring song like `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' skip this one to the next one .11 . Headphones - Easy going song , that starts off quiet and builds louder really slow . It 's better then `` Cover Me '' .12 . I Go Humble - Is a bonus track , that you ca n't find in American stores you have to order off the computer to get this one . `` I Go Humble '' is unique and sounds a little like `` Cvalda '' from the `` Selmasongs '' soundtrack album , it has a rhythm that Bj&ouml;rk could only design .
 If you have never purchased a Bjork album , and are not too sure if you will like her or not , `` Post '' will be an excellent indication as if you do or not . The structure of the songs , are usually quite common , although the uniqueness and originality relies on the album 's VERY strange and out-there lyrics -LRB- perhaps the craziest of Bjork 's career -RRB- , the way the electronic media is used , and of course Bjork 's vocal . `` Army Of Me '' opens the album very powerfully . It is one of the most accessible songs of Bjork 's career , but this does not mean that it is one of the lesser tracks . It is very industrial and electronic . `` Hyper-ballad '' follows . I absolutely hated this song at first , but it is now in my top-5-favourite-Bjork-songs list -LRB- not that I have one -RRB- , and continues to grow on me . The intro starts of with a bass synth sound , before acoustic drums are heard , and the wonderful lyric
 electronica . jazz . rock . blues . big band . techno . mariachi.bjork blends all these genres & more to create the brilliance otherwise known as `` post ''
 starting off with the dark , deep , somewhat haunting `` army of me '' starts the album off perfectly and is a great opening . i think army of me is by far bjorks best song all though that is debatable seeing as she has released so many other great songs . the album continues with the same pace until you get to the up-beat , quirky `` its oh so quiet '' which doesnt fit in very well with the rest of the album but blows you away with the fact that she so pulled it off on an album like this . that is one of the many great things about bjork . `` enjoy '' is one of my very favourites on this album and makes you just want to dance as soon as you hear it . `` enjoy '' is very energetic and is a nice transition into the softer side of the album . with the album finishing on such tracks like `` isobel '' . the only bad thing about this album is `` headphones '' and `` you have been flirting again '' and even `` i miss you '' leaves you wondering why it was on this particular album . but the good outway the bad and i reccomend any new bjork fan to start off with this album it will leave you wanting her whole collection
 When you 've made one of the best electronic pop albums ever on you 're DEBUT effort , how is it possible to follow it up?Bjork did n't fail to dazzle fans or critics with her amazing sophomore album , Post . No second album jinx here . Just imaginative , creative , and eclectic POP music . And yes its pop music , Bjork fully embraces the word . For all its zany characteristics , Bjork still wants to be able to connect with people , and I love her for trying.While Debut definitely had some untraditional instrumentation for electronic music , Post pushes Bjork sound even further . Like a vibrant neon quilt , Post is a patchwork of musical styles from trip hop , to techno , industrial , orchestral , to big band , to ambient . It 's not as sonically cohesive as Debut or Homogenic , but amazing none the less . Its also an album of larger emotional and sonic depth . Its a roller coaster with the big highs and lows . In America especially , we want to put stylistic straight jackets on our artists and become nervous when they stray outside of their `` normal '' genre range.Bjork has the courage and the freedom to break these imaginary chains.While Debut co producer Nellee Hooper is still around , he takes on more of a secondary role this time , with Bjork pushing her own creative and production prowess.Techno godfather Graham Massey from 808 State shows up , as does Trip Hop Maestros Trickey and Howie B bring their production savvy.The first track , the is the dark , brooding industrial tinged hip hop ofArmy of Me -LRB- co written with 808 States Graham Massey for the first album , but was not included there -RRB- is one of Bjork 's best singles to date . Bjork is one of the few artists where her English-As-A-Second-Language actually only enhances her songwriting and metaphors , coming up with amazingly creative lyrics and metaphors . A raw and powerful emotional tale about a women fed up with the apathy and ambivalance of a loved one . The huge heavily reverbed dirty drum break is similar to the Beastie Boys `` So Whatcha Want '' -LRB- who actually deliver a remix of Army of Me on the single -RRB- The PERFECLTY named Hyper-Ballad is arguably the best song of Bjorks career . Raw . Emotional . Beautiful . She explains the trials and tribulations she has to endure to be in a relationship . Its never pop lyrical cliches . Who thought `` car parts , bottles and cutlery '' could be so poetic . The simply gorgeous chorus `` i go through all this , before you wake up , so i can feel happier , to be safe up here with you `` Relationships are n't easy , but Bjork is willing to stick it out.Musically its nothing short but miraculous . Shimmering synths , deep sine-wave bass , 8-bit Nintendo soundscapes , lush , real orchestral strings -LRB- a foreshadow to her `` strings and beats '' of her Homogenic album -RRB- , skittering , but light drum n bass inspired beats that launch into a full four to the floor techno zenith on the second chorus.The Modern Things is like walking in an alley between a video arcade and a construction site . Industrial percussion and Sony Playstation synths play off of each other , while Bjork rambles whimsically about the strange thoughts if things like cars and computers are just as old as dinosaurs.It 's Oh So Quiet is an exciting , fun departure for Bjork in her solo work . Ditching the synths for a live Big Band cover . People love it or hate . I personally love it . Though Bjork fans know she is no stranger to jazz with her jazz project , Gling-Glo . Its fun , hilarious , and its Bjork with a great sense of humor . . its an homage to a musical era gone by.The Spike Jonze directed video only adds more delight to an already great song . . a Modern L.A. take on musicals of the early 20th century , complete with great choreography and dazlling overhead shots.Enjoy Has Bjork returning to darker material . A dirty , sexy , lo-fi electronic slow burner written and coproduced by Tricky . Bjork sings ecstatically about sensual and psychological pleasures over explosive lo-fi beats.You 've Been Flirting Again once again shows those early Homogenic like string section , as Bjork laments over fading love.Isobel is a fan favorite , -LRB- though not of mine -RRB- mixing dramatic cinema orchestral flourishes , percolating synthesizers , and as usual Bjork is singing her @ss off with emotion . Lyrically complex as ever , but not as arresting for me . An amazing video though made it all worth while though.Possibly Maybe has Bjork in trip hop mode , even outdoing trip hop trauma queens like Beth Gibbons of Portishead . Orchestral flourishes are awash again , with Bjork once again kicking lyrical cliches on their side about lost love.I Miss You -LRB- co written with trop hop maven Howie B -RRB- is her funnest dance track since Debut 's Bigtime Sensuality . And what an amazing lyric that seems to sum up Internet dating before it was even possible ... `` I miss you , but I havent met you yet '' A big , infectious latin dance track with samba rhythms , latin horns , guitar , accordian , you name it . Fun and inventive if it doesnt put a smile on your face and your foot at least tapping , check in to a local hospital.Cover Me doesnt do much for me as a song , however it is inventive in its stark arrangement and east Asian instrumental flourishes.Headphones is Bjorks own twisted take on `` Last Night A Dj Saved My Life '' an ode to music , and to headphones itself . . turning off the lights , lighting a candle , putting your headphones on , and getting lost in a sonic adventure . . as you will on this track that makes good use out of the stereo field .
 most of you have probably had this album for a while now , and loved it for a little longer than that . it 's superb , and groundbreaking , and accessible , and complex , and bizarre , and all the other titillating adjectives you hear people apply to bjork and her music . this , i think , may be her most enjoyable album , very cohesive and sturdy , with nary a weak link to be found . but then again , i have n't listened to all that much bjork in my lifetime . i 've found that i take her best in smallish doses .
 Bjork 's second solo CD is her most eclectic work so far , and even more sonically adventurous than her excellent `` Debut '' . Diverse as it is , though , the great thing about Bjork is that her music is always unmistakably hers -LRB- partially due to her one-of-a-kind voice , but also due to her exuberant strangeness -RRB- . With the hard-hitting opening track `` Army of Me '' , Bjork scolds someone for their self-pity and laziness . `` Hyper-ballad '' and `` The Modern Things '' are both fanciful and inventive techno-infused tracks . `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' is a charming big band throwback , while the Tricky-produced `` Enjoy '' and Headphones '' are both abrasive , erotic love songs . Overall , this album is a brilliant , experimental smorgasbord .
 1 . army of me
 Until now , I have been afraid to review her CDs for fear of attempting to put into words the sheer beauty ... and fall short of the truth.This album ... is life-changing . It is the first Bj&ouml;rk album I ever bought , and there is nothing dated about it . It will stay under your skin ... it will truly make you laugh ... and cry ... and dance ... and so many things . She does n't realize the brilliance of her work , but this album will leave you speachless.The opener , Army Of Me , is a groovey song with a message ... Hyperballad wrenches the heart , describes a situation accurately with beautiful instrumentation to make one think ... The Modern Things will definitely have you staring enchantedly into your stereo-speaker as if it were about to something amazing from inspiration from this joyous and twinkley number ... `` it 's oh so quiet '' will make you laugh and kick back , and perhaps even dance ... -LRB- note that her music videos are breath-taking too -RRB- , Enjoy makes a brilliant , pounding and lush return to a techno wonderland of intense noises and serious music ... and , as on all of her albums , the `` interlude '' song before the next big song `` you 've been flirting again '' has gorgeous string arrangements , and is very short , yet teasing to the mind ... `` isobel '' another big song , and a single tells an imaginative and thoughtful story over beauteous strings and `` jungle-istic '' beats ... Possibly Maybe is a chilled out song somehow tinged with heartbreak the soars with the use of the slide guitar ... and `` I miss you '' is the last energetic , feceitious , yet emotional song on the album that will definitely make you smile and dance -LRB- the video from this song is from the ren & stimpy animators ! :--RRB- -RRB- ... and then ... `` cover me '' a short and mysterious song with interesting background noises will prepare you wonderfully for the closing song `` headphones '' , which praises the joy of falling asleep with the wonders of modern technology enabling you to listen to music , and the solitary and instinctive pulses ... Ah well ! I may sound like a crazy gusher , but this was so simply amazing , I can not help but spread the joy!Just buy this and GET INTO IT !! : ^ -RRB- -RRB-
 `` I 'm going hunting for mysteries , '' Bjork sings on her second album . `` I 'm going to prove the impossible really exists . '' She does both exceedingly well on Post , which expands and improves upon the promise of her first album , 1993 's Debut - while at the same time demolishing all expectations one might have about what she 's going to do next . With this album , she teaches you to expect the unexpected.Post is a glorious , kitchen-sink mix of music ; eclectic but not eccentric , edgy but not outr&eacute; , sweet but not saccharine , experimental but never elusive , full of great danceable beats , interspersed with softer moments that are , in their own way , just as relentless.Speaking of relentless
 Bj&ouml;rk is an artist of many talents . The one I admire most is the lyricist . She is a great singer also , but her lyrics win me over . This album is probably the best to demonstrate that , since it is my favorite . The song `` Possibly Maybe '' is quite appealing with great lyrics -LRB- '' ... since we broke up , I 've been using lipstick again , I suck my tongue , in remembrance of you '' -RRB- . The music itself on this album is great and pushes genres from Industrial -LRB- Army Of Me ... check out the Skunk Anansie 's remix ... great for metal lovers -RRB- to abstract experimental -LRB- Headphones -RRB- to disco-ish beauty -LRB- Isobel -RRB- to show tunes -LRB- It 's Oh So Quiet -RRB- . This album is a great introduction to the genius called Bj&ouml;rk Gumundsd&oacute;ttir . IT 'S A MUST !!!
 I like this record because it 's different . The music is an experiment of synthesizers and other things . I heard that Bjork even recorded some of the record with her feet in the ocean ! My favorite songs are `` Isobel '' , `` Army of Me '' , `` Hyper-ballad '' and `` Enjoy '' . I also recommend `` Debut '' and `` Homogenic '' .
 A challenging record that 's worth the effort . `` Army of Me '' and `` Isobel '' are favorites and the big band arrangements and trademark mysterious weirdness make it stylistically diverse .
 in tried and true bjork style , `` post '' is unique in the best kind of way , energetic and fun and at the same time deep and soulful . i enjoy every single track -- and each one awakens a different emotion . suddenly , you have an overwhelming need to buy this album . whoa .
 This is a wonderful example of why Bjork is such a talented and soothing singer to listen to ! Bjork at her Very , Very best !!!
 Being a HUGE Bjork fanatic let me tell you that if you want to hear some exoticly haunting yet soothing music this is the CD to turn to !!! I listen to it at least 3 hours everyday , ... Bjork at her very , very BEST !!!!
 This is bjork 's best cd . Homogenic is , well , homogenic ! It 's all the same . Telegram is fine , bust it 's just your run of the muck remix album . Debut is fine , but it 's her debut . She had n't totally gotten into her new style yet . In Post Bjork has a sence of her new style , and goes above and beyond it . Each song on the disc seems to offer a new sub-style . She hops between industrial , to soft techno-ballads to neo-swing .
 If you had to choose one Bjork cd to buy , I say it has to be this one . The range in musical influence on this cd is much wider than any other I have heard . Bjork goes from the demolition sound of Army of Me to the graceful moderately techno Hyper Ballad . It 's Oh So Quiet can be a Vegas act easily . Bjork playfully tosses her voice around in Modern Things . Possibly Maybe and Headphones are the sweetest tracks on the cd . I love every song on this cd and can play it continuously . Pick it up and put it on .
 Bjork is simply one of the most creative women in modern music . Although POST is not my fav album from this Iceland beauty , it 's the one that introduced me to what she can really accomplish . Army of Me is terrific , only put aside by Enjoy . Hyper-ballad is a sweet song with killer lyrics . I wonder how she comes up with those ideas . Buy POST , it 's an album that you MUST have to own a complete 90s collection . Electronic music , come up with a cute twist from this woman 's rip-your-heart-apart voice
 This really is a fantastic album and is one of the few recordsin my life that I can play at any time , any where and still enjoy . Itjust hasnt lost an ounce of appeal with me and I think thats the great thing about the record . Its so inventive and refreshing compared with the rest of pop music , its one of the timeless albums that will never sound out of date . Meshing together a number of styles , the album is highly eclectic . It opens with `` Army of Me '' , a heart stopping menacing trip hop song which see Bjork growl out lines like `` and if you complain once more , you 'll find an army of me '' ... SCARY ! By song 2 though shes already switched her mood into a totally different direction . coming from a scary almost dominatrix like nature she then goes all melancholy and dramatic with the beautiful Hyperballad , 0ne of the most inspired songs of all time in my view . Opening up quietly , the song all comes to fruition at the end when electronic bleeps collide with lush string arrangements , all the while Bjorks fab voice belting out in the background . And this in entirety is what the album is like . She switches moods and styles of music with every song and so theres never a dull moment to be had . Trip hop though is probably the reigning influence on this album , and that most likely comes from the relationship Bjork had with trip hopper Tricky at the time she recorded this record . the man himself actually produces and writes one track with her . Last track `` Headphones '' is the oddest track on the album . In some respects it doesnt even sound much like a song at all . Theres no rhythm or bass line . Just various beep and bloops coming from the synthesizers and Bjork occasionally coming into the framework to almost whisper out a couple of lines a time . Obviously not my favourite track on the album , you have to give the woman credit , for using such a daring , uncompromising tune as her last song on Post . While i said this is one of the best records ever made -LRB- and i stick to that -RRB- , the album is still flawed . `` Its Oh So Quiet '' is a mistake in itself . a revamped cover of a 1950s show tune , Bjork defintely proves she can scream her lungs off with the best og them , but in amongst the rest of the tunes , it sounds like a mere novelty song , and I think alot of Bjork fans have come to dislike this song . Ironically this is her most successful single to date . Considering though that there are 9 other other brilliant tracks on her to choose from its hardly a problem and so with that all i can say is BUY IT NOW !
 Bjork , the Iceland queen of music , blows away all competition with , one of her if not the greatest album ever , Post.Bjork 's indulging screams and jazzy tunes and cool , unique vocals will have you playing this a million times and each time it will sound new.There 's the dark quality in Army of Me , the beautiful lyrics in Hyperballad , the fantastic jazz in I Miss You , the tranquil melody of Isobel , and -LRB- my all time fav -RRB- the humor and jazz of It 's Oh So Quiet , which is worth the price of the CD alone.Bjork is inspirational to anyone that can see the true essence behind her crazy screams and beautiful voice and Post is an album everyone should have .
 I ca n't even describe to you how awesome this album is . The emotions this album evokes transcend all words . Post has got to be one of the most innovative and influential albums this decade , as Rolling Stone notes on its Top 150 albums this decade poll . Check it out !
 I must admit that I have a fetish for Bjork and PJ Harvey , so I do n't claim to be objective . But honestly , this is really a relevant CD for anyone interested in decent mainstream pop music . Bjork can turn her limits -LRB- naive vocal technique , an icelandic accent you could cut with a knife -RRB- into peculiar qualities . She is unique in her ability to couple unusual harmonic passages with quirk turns of phrase and superb arrangements . This album defies classification -- there 's big-band jazz , trip-hop , electronic dance , `` sugarcubes '' , trance , soundtrack-like strings , even traces of Abba 's notorius pop . This is an album that has not created a genre like `` Dummy '' by Portishead , but is vastly superior to it and many other for its musicality , originality , literary quality and sense of humor . `` Homogenic '' is equally good , but much more tense and influenced by the Bristol scene .
 The whole album is amazing and hyper ballad has got to be one of the most beautiful songs ever .
 If I had to describe this album in one word , it would be WOW . Everything about this album will blow your mind ! Just buy it and be happy !
 bjork never ceases Q amaze me ... she 's a radical chick blaring music that no other artist in history has experimented with -LRB- without bad results , that is -RRB- ... i listened to this album while reading `` dangerous angels '' by fransesca lia block ... it was amazing ... i totally suggest u stick bjork postal in your shopping cart and then cruise on over to the book section to pick up `` dangerous angels '' ... trust me , this is a good decision .
 I was reading the latest issue of Rolling Stone where they were rating the 150 greatest albums ever produced , and I was ecstatic to see that Post was nominated . I just had to share that with all of you music fans out there . Do you need anymore proof ? This album has beat out countless others to have the honor to grace Rolling Stone as one of the most incredible albums EVER . What are you waiting for ? Go get it !!!
 I give this Cd 5 stars because , well I love Bjork . But actually bjork takes you through another dimension . She is extremely creative in exploring different sounds and beats that are rare . Each sound track is different and unique un to itself . I do n't have any friends that enjoy the type of music I listen to except my brother . But if you are the type that is willing to go out on a ledge and take a chance , I assure you , you wont be disappointed . And once you get into her other CDs I doubt you will want to come back from the ledge . This is Erica - love-planet checking out .
 This album was nominated for a grammy for a reason . Cuz it 's just an amazing album . Every song is terrific , no joke . And they 're so different from each other . You have to have this CD !
 This album will take you on an incredible journey through all musical realms . Start off with the jagged and rough terrain of ARMY OF ME `` And if you complain once more , you 'll meet and army of me ! '' , then step on the Broadway stage with IT 'S OH SO QUIET , to the tropical jungles with ISOBEL `` My name 's Isobel , married to myself '' , and finally take a surreal and spacey voyage on HEADPHONES `` My headphones , they saved my life ... '' You 'll finish the journey with a whole new view of the world . Not many albums can do that . Make sure to buy the ones that can .
 `` Army of Me '' is the supernova exploding , letting off fragments of Bjork 's pure creative force through the galaxy of this album . It produces a beautiful chaos ...
 `` Post '' is one of the most amazing albums of all time because it is strangely alternative , yet very listenable . It 's not too far musically from the dance/techno oriented `` Debut '' , but it 's much more mature and powerful . The opening track , `` Army Of Me '' sounds frightening at first , with it 's bottom-dwelling bass and chilling vocals , but it 's a very catchy song . It segues into the beautiful , shimmering `` Hyper-ballad '' , which mixes lush strings , gentle keyboards and Bjorks ' gentle , sorrowful voice . One of the most beautiful songs she has ever recorded . `` The Modern Things '' has un-used potential
 It really amazes me what Bj&ouml;rk does in her solo albums . You never really know what to expect if you do n't follow things enough . And I 'll admit , she 's a real acquired taste and requires being in the `` right '' mood to listen to it . But when I 'm in that `` mood '' , the stuff is really amazing when I listen to it . And this album is just plain crazy for those . I have n't heard either of her Icelandic-language albums , but where `` Debut '' was more of a simple electronic record , `` Post '' is just all over the place . Do n't worry ; this is a good thing . Because it just makes the album tons of fun.Things start out with the eccentric `` Army of Me '' , one of my favorite songs by her ever . Her voice works well with the cool music . Then it proves to be a one-two punch whenever the outstanding `` Hyperballad '' follows . It is a classic example of what Bj&ouml;rk does great when she does those avant-garde type songs . It is such a beautiful song . Then the lyrics on `` Modern Things '' are just plain brilliant , then the percussion just turns it into a better thing . It 's just amazing what `` Post '' delivers in.You get things in the opposite side of the spectrum . Sounding like a track from a musical , the remake of `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' is quite fun . Then there 's the mellow , near-baroque influence on `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' . `` Headphones '' also ends this album on a nice note.This album is very haphazardous , but that 's kind of what makes it fun . Because of this , some people find it hard to consume the album as a whole . But it is just one of many reasons why people listen to her in the first place . Several songs on here are considered Bj&ouml;rk classics and it 's an album that you 'll find yourself listening to time and time again . She matched this brilliance on the follow-up album , `` Homogenic '' . Exciting , new ground , good lyrics , there 's just nothing not to love about `` Post '' .
 Bjork 's Post which has everything that a classic album should have in its elements with production , lyrics and overall performance . Right from the start with `` Army Of Me '' the endless head nod begins with this almost rock/metal loud beat with a continuous synthesizer as does `` Enjoy '' . Deep bass and crystal clear highs on `` Hyper-ballad '' and `` Possibly Maybe '' could almost be used in a hip-hop/rap tune . As Bjork does sometimes speak in her Iceland language it is sometimes hard to understand , but the tecno style sound of `` The Modern Things '' , `` Enjoy '' and `` I Miss You '' prepares you for a night of moving . One of the heights of Post , `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' , is a Broadway/Cotton Club/jazzy song that immediately send you in an awe ! Damn can anyone touch the girl ? No , Bjork is in a state of being an individual !
 After the initial shock that was `` Medulla '' , I picked this up simply because it has most of my favourite Bjork songs on it . Nothing more , nothing less . `` Post '' is a perfect follow up for Bjork 's career with The Sugarcubes , and her first solo album , `` Debut '' . The mixture of different styles is wonderful , and the fact Bjork holds the entire album together is a plus.The industrial-laced `` Army of Me '' is a perfect opener for the album , complete with dark-sounding synth and drumbeats . Thankfully , `` Army '' does n't sum up the whole album like other openers , as `` Post '' breaks into the upbeat dance track `` Hyperballad '' , and followed up with tracks like `` It 's Oh so Quiet '' , `` Enjoy '' `` Isobel '' and `` I Miss You `` As usual with her work , Bjork 's voice is the main attraction as she sings over layer upon layer of strings , trumpets , synths and drums.Top marks all around for `` Post '' ... Bjork newbies should really start with either this or `` Debut ''
 This is a very good album with many beats that sound very industrail yet quiteArmy of Me - you enter some kind of very dark factory when you listen to this song full of extravagant beats , that are very retro and heavyHyperballad - a very good song , that talks about being with someone that you dont really love anymore and the things u do to manage it from falling apart , it sorda sounds like summin that would b on debut but at the same time not really!The Modern things - a very catchy song , with computer like thumps , over and over , were bjork sings about modern things that have always existed on a mountain and how we bothered them!Its oh so quite - a very old jazzy song fromt he 50 's or summin , its very easy to get into ur head , with bjork screaming at the top of her lungsEnjoy - A very industrial factory song with a heavy dirty beat , and bjork 's voice sounding kinda dark and scaryYou 've been flirting again - a very slow but good song about someone telling bjork that her lover was cheating on her or summin like that lol ! its very peaceful!Isobel - starts off with a very relaxing flute sounds in some mystical forest , but then jumps into heavy drum beats and syntethetic fly sounding things its very good very tribal!Possibly Maybe - starting off with a phone ringing then bjork sings about her lover and her breaking up very slow but very electronic , a nice song to actually listen to and enjoyI miss you - a wacky song starting off with footsteps and going into some kind crazy playhouse music its absolutley danceable and very quirky!Cover Me - another song of bjork with a harp i think ! and bjork sings about doing the impossible with bjorks voice sounding like its muffledHeadphones - a very long song almost 6 minutes that is VERY slow but very atachive it has very sudden quite beats !
 This sophomore puts the debut to shame , never has a second album been so more mature and melodic.This has some fantastic songs including `` Its Oh So Quiet '' which really does take you back.The album is a mix of fully f *** ed up dance and fusion pop . `` Debut '' was too shy and lacking but this is full on and in your face.How can you ignore this album?Its superb and as usual Bjork comes up with something heroic .
 Bjork is back with a new sound as always and making it sound even better than Debut did . Unlike Debut , which one a dance slash jazz album , Post is very techno and industrial .1 . Army of Me
 I was recently on vacation in Puerto Rico and wanted to buy some CD 's for the rental car . The only two cd 's in the store worth buying were Janet Jackson 's Design of a Decade and Bjork 's `` Debut '' . I listended to both CD 's throughout my trip . I have been a Janet Jackson fan for sometime , but Bjork got under my skin on this trip . I am now a full-fledged fanatic . I never realized that almost all of Bjork 's songs are love songs . The only remote comparison I can make of her is like a Nordic , deconstructed , sometimes minimal , electronic Billie Holliday . She can be gloomy , elated , ecstatic , whatever . When she sings , the songs are hers.My favorite song on the CD is Isobel . Listen to Missy Elliot 's `` Really Hot '' and see how ahead of her time Bjork is . The beat sequence is almost identical.Possibly , Maybe is another beauty . It hits the feeling of a breakup on the nose.To all of the people who wrote bad reviews of Bjork , if you do n't have something nice to say ... . Bjork has been singing most of her life and experts would agree , she has a natural singing voice and an expressive and wide vocal range . Can anyone complaining make those sounds with their voices , on key no less ? She knows music inside and out , and the wierd and avant garde sounds are INTENTIONAL . Besides , one has to have an acute knowledge of music to turn it inside out like that . Listen closely and you will hear the genius . Barbara Streisand has been done . We do n't need anymore singers sounding like someone else.Also , the videos from her DVD collection go hand in hand with the songs . You really get the true meaning and a grasp of the songs .
 One day , I just kind of thought to myself , `` You know , self , I 've seen a lot of Bj&ouml;rk on TV , I wonder what her music 's like ? '' So I asked a friend of mine who likes her what album I should buy . Without hesitating she said the first album she 'd reccomend would be this one , Post . So , I bought it not sure what to expect , but I was blown away!Bj&ouml;rk 's originality is something so ... rare ! There are original artists , then there 's Bj&ouml;rk . Her music is a breed of sound I 've never heard before , it makes me feel ways I never did ! I love the range of styles there is even on this CD alone ! The album begins with a powerful techno-rockish type song , `` Army of Me , '' its beat is so consuming ! Then before you know it you feel like you 're listening to a musical with `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' ! I love the way she sings a big band type song , but adds her twist to it.There 's not song on this CD I do n't like , and like my friend did for me , I 'll reccomend it to you !
 If ` Debut ' was '90s dance-pop broken down and concentrated into an ecstatic adventure , then ` Post ' is a glorious wander into the unmapped forests and hidden backwaters ` Debut ' left unexplored . Uillean pipes , harpsichords and 20-piece orchestra mingle naturally with multi-layered Howie B drum programs , Tricky 's rude minimalism and Nellee Hooper 's bubbling pop sensibility.While no one would expect someone with Bj&ouml;rk 's creative energy to produce ` Debut ' , ` Post ' shares its predecessors jumble of sounds , from the -LRB- knowingly -RRB- cornily showtune production ` It 's Oh So Quiet ' to the space-age glam-disco of `` Hyperballad ' and the flickering rhythms of ' I Miss You ' . Meanwhile , more laid-back swingers like the Massey collaboration ` The Modern Things ' , the opulently spacious `` Isobel ' and the not so surprisingly heavier , brooding Tricky-collaborated ` Enjoy ' give her distinctive grunt and growl some new ground to cover . And all this before we get on to her lyrics - sometimes simple , sometimes obscure , but always deeply affecting in their insight and openness . Bj&ouml;rk is n't wasting a second of her needle time.Post is like a beat-experimenter that Bj&ouml;rk has conjured up for another magical masterpiece ...
 Artists who are worth their salt must grow . By that measure , Bjork is worth a lot of salt . She has yet to dissapoint me in that she refuses to stand still artistically . Yes , there is a definitive Bjork-ish-ness about her music , but I do n't think she makes the mistake of making the same album over and over.Her 1995 CD , Post , is a nice followup to 1993 's Debut . In this album , some of the seeds she planted in Debut begin to mature , as she drifts farther from the mainstream and her Sugarcubes roots . `` Army of Me '' I tired of rather quickly , but that 's OK . It was the hit single after all , and typical of hits , it could n't hold my attention long . Ca n't hold her responsible for that . `` Possibly Maybe '' on the other hand , which you 've probably seen on MTV , I never tire of . There 's a lot going on in that song , and the notes Bjork chooses are positively jazz inspired.But I think the thing that hooked me on Post -LRB- which was my introduction to Bjork , by the way , in 1997 -RRB- was the pure emotion that comes across in her music , and in her voice . `` Hyperballad '' is the one that really gets to me . The lyrics outline the story of a woman who walks to the edge of a cliff every morning , throws junk off , and contemplates suicide as she watches the items fall and strike the rocks below . The reason she indicates for this bizarre behaviour is that after that rather dismal start to her day , there 's nowhere to go but up . Dark ? Certainly . Sappy ? Perhaps . But for whatever reason , I was emotionally affected by that song . But no matter the subject of the lyrics , it is Bjork 's delivery that really sells the emotion , and what ultimately affects me . It 's just nice that Hyperballad had something more to it lyrically.There 's plenty of good music on this one . There 's the ethereal opening to `` Isobel '' , which is orchestral and haunting in its beauty . I could listen to that minute and a half alone over and over -LRB- and I have -RRB- . There 's a Japanese quality to `` Cover Me '' . This one was evidently recorded in a cave , apparently a result of an incident during recording the album when Bjork just decided to run out into the night in the middle of a recording session , sound men scrambling to drag some recording equipment out the door after her ... you can even hear the bats in the background . Strange song , almost shades of Yoko Ono , but I love it . Nice , experimental stuff.Granted , Bjork 's music is not for the closed minded or musically timid . And I know I 'm not the typical consumer sample -- I 'm an artist at a game company -- but I find all her albums very inspiring . I usually have one of them on while I work , and I find I 'm more relaxed and creative for it.Bottom line , for creative people , or even just people who enjoy adventurous music that 's a little out of the ordinary , Post wo n't disappoint .
 In 1993 Bjork released her debut album `` Debut '' and simultaneously created one of the most unique and original albums for years . The critics adored it and she was hard-pressed to deliver the goods on its follow-up . She more than delivered in 1995 with the masterpiece `` Post . '' A darker and more mature album than its predecessor , Post is a wonderfully epic album that revived the music scene from a deadly overdose of dance garbage and manufactured pop . It could n't have come along at a better time.Not many artists wind up producing a second album that far surpasses their debut , but Bjork - once again - is clearly the key objection to this rule . With harder beats , more creative production and a wider perspective on the world , Bjork created a masterpiece that still sounds as fresh today as it did back in 1995 . One can only imagine what was going through her mind as she recorded this album . Bjork not only changed the music scene in the 1990 's with this classic album , she changed my own perceptions on music . `` Army Of Me '' opens the album in grand style . This is a really good opener for an album , very loud , very brash and hectic . It starts off like an electronic crash , before sliding straight into a thumping bass and percussion . It 's an extremely industrial song with mechanical styles and powerful vocals from Bjork . `` Hyper-Ballad '' is the first masterpiece of the album , and works superbly when juxtaposed next to the song it follows on from . Strings and electronic pulses sweep this song along and Bjork 's lyrics about throwing things off cliffs are extremely visual and commanding . `` The Modern Things '' begins with computer-synthesized beats before exploding into a whirling concoction of chaotic layering of programmed beats . Not the best song on the album , but still a good one.By far the most famous song from this album comes next , `` It 's Oh So Quiet . '' This still remains Bjork 's only UK Top 5 song to date , and spent 15 weeks on the chart from November 1995 . This song is a technicolor romp through musicals with soft and quiet verses which make way for outrageous musical bursts . Bjork 's diverse voice on this song still amazes me to this very day and her complete disregard for anything commercial and stereotypical made this one of the most well-known songs of all time across Europe . `` Enjoy '' is up next and without a doubt my favourite song on the entire album . This song is more reminiscent of the first track from this album , yet it 's heavier and more hectic with more industrial beats . A thumping , pulsating beat just assaults your ears as you listen to it . Bjork 's voice is dark and almost scary . Not a song to listen to in the dark ! Someone once described this song as like having your head stuck in a cement-mixer . What a superb analogy ! The song gradually draws to a close after a loud and sharp horn on the 24th second of the third minute . It 's just incredibly powerful , hardcore and atmospheric ! Enjoy , indeed ! `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' is a short interlude which makes way for the proceeding song . It 's soft and quiet , very tranquil in stark contrast with the song before it . `` Isobel '' is another album highlight . This is , by all accounts , a masterpiece in music . Strings gently open the song before a tribal drum beat just appears out of no where , as if from the Brazilian rainforest as techno wizardry takes over and a deep bass infects the song . The strings before each chorus are incredibly epic and just open up the song . `` Possibly Maybe '' is a strange song that starts off like a telephone ringing . It 's a sad song about a former relationship and the minimalistic nature of the song captures this . The chorus is strangely catchy as more layers are added . `` I Miss You '' is a dramatic return to the dancefloor . It 's an outrageous song with many musical influences such as a trumpet and crazy samba beats towards the end . Bjork 's vocals are just free and carnal . A true highlight of the album , if not her career . `` Cover Me '' contrasts the hectic power of the last track in a song in which Bjork states , `` I 'm going to prove the impossible really exists ! '' And prove she does with a haunting and tropical beat . It 's hot , muggy and sticky like in the dead of night of a rainforest . The emphasis and enthusiasm showcased in her voice is just downright inspirational . It 's a short song which leads us into the next song wonderfully . `` Headphones '' is a brilliant song , if a little over drawn . At almost six minutes it 's to be expected but the little electronic impulses that dart around the song totally make it an enjoyable listening experience . The crackling in the background and Bjork 's vocals of `` Oh , oh , oh , oh , ah , ah '' in any arrangement just scars itself onto your brain.OVERALL GRADE
 This was my first introduction to the mysterious world of Bjork and is still my favorite . Aside from people 's claims of it being post-pop or whatever , to me it 's and adventurous mixture of triphop , string arrangements , curious electronics , and calm ambience . It can go from intense techno club journeys like `` Army Of Me '' and `` Enjoy '' -LRB- the latter being a lavish experiment and a particular fave of mine -RRB- to more meditating melodramas like `` Cover Me '' , done to soft Asian instruments and such , or the last song which lulls you into sleep as the song 's lyrics suggest . `` It 's So Quiet '' is an amusing broadway cover and definitely worth checking out , but for my money nothing beats the best track on the entire album , `` Isobel '' ... it 's a spooky jungle-filled rainforest romp of bombastic music , which has Bjork relating her lust-filled tale of loving a mystified replica of herself . The distant whistling at the end is a nice touch . `` Possibly Maybe '' is one of the lighter meditative joints in the album , mixed with some Hungarian violins ; `` Hyper-Ballad '' makes me feel like I 'm jumping off a high cliff in the clouds , humming all the way down which matches the song 's lyrics about suicide and a similar fantasy . And to think most suicidal music that drives people off cliffs is depressing , but not Bjork 's . Her dwellings in love , desperation , etc. are always weird , upbeat , or uncategorizable . She is truly a unique heroine in modern day music .
 This is Bjork at her best . Here she demonstrates an amazing diversity of images and styles , yet this album has a great integrity . Everything is on par - music , lyrics , recording and design . Simply wow ! Zing !! Boom !!!
 I think of the three Bjork cds , Post is her best . Though I 'm not much of a Sugarcubes fan , I really enjoy Bjork 's solo material . 1993 's Debut was hinting at what was to come next . 1995 's Debut has diversity , originality , class and great songs . All eleven tracks work nicely together without becoming repetitive , unlike 1997 's Homogenic . The sound on Post is more polished than Debut and less mechanical than Homogenic . This cd is a classic in every sense . I am willing to bet that Bjork will be around for many more years . She 's like a female Peter Gabriel . This is a must have for any rock collector .
 I was inclined to get a little more personal when I thought about writing this review for Bjork 's sophomore effort ` Post ' . It 's simply too moving and inspiring to look at it from a neutral point of view . Until just a few months ago , I had no clue what I was missing not listening to Bjork . Out on a whim , I decided to watch a few of Bjork 's videos online , and I was almost immediately intrigued and hooked . Her raspy strong vocals and fantastic musical arrangements had so much emotion , power and conviction ; I was completely stunned and moved . Within a month , I had purchased nearly all her albums and several singles . Now , I consider myself a true Bjork fan
 I love this record ! I first heard Bjork with Army of Me back in 95 . I loved that single but i still was n't sold yet . Now that i have the record finally , i ca n't get enough of it ! So many of the tracks at first seem relatively simple , but everything is SO well placed . Her lyrics are perfectly suited to every track . Its an almost even balance of rather industrial tracks -LRB- OH YEAH ! -RRB- and more melodic songs , a few with almost no percussion . I recommend this record to everyone .
 Bjork made a huge leap forward into experimentation on her sophomore album , alienating lots of fans of her early work , but winning more for her edginess . This is considered one of the defining works of the turbulent 90s
 When and how did it happen ? When did a rock and roll purest like me get into Bjork . For me , it started at the end . While riding in a car with a buddy of mine I got my first taste of Bjork . Vespertine had just come out -LRB- yeah , I started listening to her a little late , but better late than never -RRB- and I was love struck immediately after hearing the first few notes . Bjork has opened a door for me into a hole new world of music that I did ` nt know existed ; or that I had just chosen to ignore . Post is Bjork at her best . Everytime I listen to this CD I take away something new that I had ` nt noticed before . It is a cure for the blues a shot of prozac a euphoric high that ca n't be explained . It takes you on a trip and when it 's over your glad you went . If you like Bjork and for some reason you do n't own this album buy it . And if you have never listened to Bjork and want to start then this is the best place , but beware once you 've made that leap there is no turning back . She will open your eyes to a world you may not know existed .
 Post is Bjork 's sophomore album . It is also her most popular album , which is something I do n't like too much as I suspect that the only reason for that is the number of singles that it spawned , but popularity equals recognition & Post most definitely deserves recognition . Polishing Debut 's weaker corners -LRB- Not that there were many -RRB- it is almost entirely an electronica album -LRB- With the exception of `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' & `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' -RRB- , a musical genre Bjork has always excelled in . Working with Nellee Hooper & Talvin Singh again could n't have been a bad choice & collaborating with Tricky for two songs only made things better . Naturally , the album shines with highlights : - For now my favourite is `` Army Of Me '' , the first song : - A bass oriented piece of techno with one of the best choruses ever written , musically & lyrically : - '' & if you complain once more you 'll meet an army of me '' . My second favourite is `` I Miss You '' , a great song about the human need of love , no matter who conveys it in which Talvin concocts an inexplicable rhythm for an uninvited trumpet to join in later . The two most prominent songs on the album however are the epics `` Hyper-Ballad '' & `` Isobel '' : - The former being a triphop ballad narrative which allegorically describes the appalling instinct for self destruction just to reassure ourselves ; The latter being a quaint tale that I just ca n't explain , you 've got ta hear it . Some other songs I liked were `` Enjoy '' , `` Possibly Maybe '' , `` Cover Me '' & of course the familiar `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' , the only song here Bjork did n't write so I assume it 's a cover but nobody can remember now .
 In the 1990s , after being weaned in Melbourne 's ultraconservative suburbs on the commercial music of the eighties , I began to be frustrated by the loud , thrashy noise of terrible alternative bands likeNirvana , Silverchair , and worst of allthe Presidents of the United States of America . Australia 's middle 1990s charts also contained equally dreadful techno bands likeCorona , the Real McCoyJX andthe Outhere Brotherswho were making it difficult for me to know where to turn except to old favourites from the eighties that I had not heard since leaving Ashwood in 1989 . In my youth , living in a place where political incorrectness is a completely unspoken way of life and people listen only to music that will not hurt them emotionally , I did not read - or have much opportunity to read - music reviews . Only in my last year of school when I was beginning to be annoyed by the music on both commercial and noncommercial radio did I read music criticism for the first time . One of the first reviews I recall reading was of Bjork 's second solo album , `` Post '' , which was rated by The Age 's `` EG '' as one of the best albums of 1995 , by which time it had already become her most commercially successful album on the Australian charts , eventually reaching the Top Ten a second time after the success of `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' . At the time , I had heard `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' on the radio frequently and utterly detested it , thinking it the same tuneless noise with which Nirvana and Silverchair were polluting the airwaves and making me turn to `` easy listening '' music that my no-nonsense brother was calling `` terrible '' and which I soon knew critics to hate.In the following year , I read an increasing amount of music criticism and came to admire preceding eccentric womenKate BushandLaura Nyro , and I felt that I should check out Bjork despite my dislike of `` Post '' when it came onto the radio in 1995
 i am writing this review after having listened to her most current release , volta , and i can stay that this is probably my favorite album of hers . the music is great , and the lyrics are unique and cheeky . this is actually the CD that first introduced me to her and i have been a major fan ever since . check out `` army of me '' , `` hyperballad '' , `` enjoy '' and `` possibly maybe '' .
 This is my favorite Bjork CD . For me it typefies her fearlessness in pressing forward on the frontier of sound and unusual rhythms . She 's also not afraid to tackle an epic story in the framework of a song and actually make it work . Songs from this CD remain pretty high in my play lists .
 Her music is like nothing else I have in my collection . I have a special place reserved for Bjork in my music case , and a special place reserved for her in my heart . I love her poetic beauty . For the connoisseur as well as the casual fan .
 I really enjoy listening to this CD , Bjork 's Icelandic dialogueis awesome , especially on `` The Modern Things '' , I can listen to this album over and over again while I drive . Relaxing . I am POST ` ed for a while . :-RRB- `` I Miss You '' has a fantastic beat to it , imagine missing someone you have n't met yet . Bjork 's lyricsare very creative and imaginative , I am glad I have all of her music in my collection for days when I want to relax and hear her angelic voice . This is a great CD to hear after a stressful day .
 How did I miss this in the 1990s ? Why did it take me almost ten years to hear this great album ? Which excuse can I use ? Surely not stupid youth - I was old enough to know good music when it smacked me in the face . So why did n't this smack me in the face in 1995 ? After soaking in the marvelous `` Debut '' -LRB- a crony forced me to listen to it , and my gratitude pours out for him -RRB- the expectations were admittedly pretty low for the follow up . Beginners luck , I thought , the next one will smell like putrid seepage . After all , second albums always reek , do n't they ? Ok , so I 'm an idiot . `` Post '' in many ways surpasses its predecessor . Intimidating electronic industrial thumps provide fodder for both dancing and fear . Bj&ouml;rk sounds outright scary and disturbing on some of these tracks -LRB- particularly `` Army of Me '' and `` Enjoy '' - two of the album 's best songs -RRB- . Then , just before you can stop cowering , she turns fear and rage into heartbreaking beauty on such songs as `` Hyperballad '' , `` You 've been Flirting Again '' , and `` Isobel '' . One of the album 's biggest surprises is `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' - a big band show-tooney type song in which Bj&ouml;rk stretches her vocal cords to their absolute limit . Her screams penetrate the cochlea in unimaginable ways . Be prepared oh reposed and complacent headphone wearers . What a great song , and what a great demonstration of Bj&ouml;rk 's versatility and vocal prowess . Overall the album has a more electronic and industrial feel than `` Debut '' -LRB- which may account for its freshness even today -RRB- . Bj&ouml;rk explores many of the same themes here as on her first outing
 Bj&ouml;rk 's second album is just as good as the first , it has a great diversity of songs and samples and it feels like she had more things to say when the album was recorded then on `` Debut '' . There are n't as many dance inspired songs here but some very good song were recorded here aswell . There 's been a great mix of producers here , Tricky was one for example . `` Army Of Me '' is a angry pop song with dance influents , it 's probably the most radio friendly song , and the easiest song to get into on this album , hence it was her biggest hit from `` Post '' . `` Hyper-Ballad '' is probably my favorite , it 's quite slow with ambient dance rhythmes . her remake of classic broadway `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' is arguably her most famous song . It had a great video but the way Bj&ouml;rk sings it is very unique , very intense & she balances the vocals great from singing very quiet to rather load . `` Possibly Maybe '' is a typical Bj&ouml;rk song , strange with unique samples that you have n't heard of before , it 's also a quite slow song . `` Isobel '' is simular to it . `` Miss You '' reminds me abit of `` Human Behavior '' . and `` Modern Things '' is one of my favorites , a song that starts dark but get 's faster when it reaches the chorus , a great song.I do n't know what more to add then this is a very good album , about the time that `` Post '' was released Bj&ouml;rk was a very big name in the music business . `` Post '' did n't make anyone dissapointed but plesantly surprised . After this album i feel that Bj&ouml;rk has been going alot backwards though , if you want to see her on top of her game , check `` Debut '' or `` Post '' which are genuine masterpieces .
 possibly maybe best work ever done by Bjork , Post is a crossover of idm , trip hop and whatever dance music in the middle 90 's is meant to be.From the marvellous orchestration of Isobel , to the exuberance of I miss you Bjork proves there 's nothing she can do less than perfect
 This is where I became a real fan of Bjork . Every song on this album is a true work of art , drawing up every emotion possible.The fun `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' and `` I Miss You '' to angry `` Army of Me '' and `` Enjoy '' . Though perhaps where she shines the most -LRB- to me anyway -RRB- is in her sadder love driven songs such as `` Hyper-Ballad '' -LRB- I still ca n't stop listening to this song ! -RRB- or `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' and `` Possibly Maybe '' -LRB- recognize that song on `` Insomniac Music Theater '' from Vh1 ? -RRB- . I 've said it before , and I 'll say it again . No one can pull this music off quite like Bjork . And this is her at her best .
 When and how did it happen ? When did a rock and roll purest like me get into Bjork . For me , it started at the end . While riding in a car with a buddy of mine I got my first taste of Bjork . Vespertine had just come out -LRB- yeah , I started listening to her a little late , but better late than never -RRB- and I was love struck immediately after hearing the first few notes . Bjork has opened a door for me into a hole new world of music that I did ` nt know existed ; or that I had just chosen to ignore . Post is Bjork at her best . Everytime I listen to this CD I take away something new that I had ` nt noticed before . It is a cure for the blues a shot of prozac a euphoric high that ca n't be explained . It takes you on a trip and when it 's over your glad you went . If you like Bjork and for some reason you do n't own this album buy it . And if you have never listened to Bjork and want to start then this is the best place , but beware once you 've made that leap there is no turning back . She will open your eyes to a world you may not know existed .
 Ok I ` lll tell you now if you like Bj&ouml;rk then this is the excellent CD for you to get!It has her hits on them like `` It 's oh so quite '' , `` I Miss You '' , and `` Hyper-Ballad '' . This my favourite CD out of all of Bj&ouml;rk 's !
 Who would not like Bjork ? Her celestial voice sends shivers up your spine . Her tonal quality and dynamics are extremely unique . And her lyrics , oh her lyrics . They paint images like a master surrealist . Lyrics like , `` I walk towards the edge and throw little things off like car-parts , bottles and cutlery , or whatever I find lying around . . '' make music all worth it . Absurd , beautiful and intense . What more could annyone want . Bjork , please marry me .
 I have purchased three of other Bjorks releases -LRB- Vespertine , Greatest Hits , Medulla -RRB- and this is sadly the worst -LRB- not to say It 's bad , I did give it 4 stars -RRB- but this just seems too simplistic for Bjork , although I do like her dance/club songs from her debut.The standouts are Army of Me -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- , It 's Oh So Quiet -LRB- 4.5 / 5 - my favourite -RRB- , Enjoy -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- , I Miss You -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- , and Headphones -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- and I do n't really like tracks 8 and 10 . Some sales information for you :
 Cassandra Dongoski say this album is freaky and scary . Of course ! It would be scary for anyone who likes Britney , Christina , and Hillary Duff . You know why ? Because this music is actually GOOD !!! All of Bjork 's albums have shown her growth as an artist and any true fan of Bjork would see that . If you want to get into Bjork I would recommend this album since it 's more accesible than Homogenic or Vespertine , and Debut 's is somewhat technoish yet an underrated album . I warn you however , once you get into it you wo n't get out
 Bj&ouml;rk 's Post is the sizzling second Bj&ouml;rk 's Elektra-album who really came to prove who she was and her place on the contemporary alternative pop music . This album consists in a non-stop sequence of hitsand pearls and is absolutelly heterogenic and diverse . The first track and single , Army Of Me , is a really strong electronic tune . Hyper-ballad is aclassical Bj&ouml;rk song , following her innovative -LRB- but today very imitated -RRB- mixture of strings and electronic noises and melodies which began with Venus As A Boy , and the song is a real poem where she creates images of suicide thoughts . The Modern Thingsis another impressive electronic track , and It 's Oh So Quiet her most successful single ever , a cover of a jazz classic where she really reinvinted the song and gave it a totally new and unexpected interpretation . Other pearls are Cover Me , Possibly Maybe , Headphones , Isobel , You 've Been Flirting Again , evry one a totally different , lyric and strangely melodic track.Post is a classic .
 This is the only Bjork cd I have . I like most of the cd especially `` Army of Me , '' `` Isobel , '' and `` Hyper-ballad . '' But I usually do n't listen to the songs on the end of the cd .
 Everyone I encounter who knows who Bjork is either loves or hates her work ... does n't seem to be any middle ground . If you like only traditional pop , country or other genres and want all the songs on your albums to sound the same , stay away from Bjork.If , on the other hand , you get tired of songs that all sound the same and are looking for something fresh , you 'll love Bjork . It seems she is trying something specifically unique on each track.I find ` Post ' slightly more innovative and interesting than ` Debut ' , although both CDs are great . Of this bunch , my favs are , in order
 Bjork 's `` Post '' is definitely one of her strongest records . Wait , what am I saying ? Bjork is one of the artists whose all records are of equal -LRB- or nearly equal value or impact -RRB- . I personally find myself gravitating towards more to the liking of her earlier recordings . Her `` Debut '' was the perfect showcase of dance/pop tunes hinting at her risk-taking -LRB- some people would say weird -RRB- twists and interesting hooks , yet for the most part it remained a conventional refreshing pleaser . Nonetheless , I recognize `` Homogenic '' as her best recording.In `` Post , '' Bjork succumbs to her more artistic chance taking nature that has permeated her later records , many times sacrificing essential pop melodies -LRB- by no means a deplorable move -- as seen on the brilliant `` Homogenic '' -RRB- . This album captures the best of the two sounds , featuring gorgeous melodies -LRB- `` Isobel , '' `` You 've Been Flirting Again , '' and the at times bouncy `` It 's Oh So Quiet -RRB- , as well as irresistible bass -LRB- `` Enjoy '' -RRB- or pulsating exotic dance -LRB- `` I Miss You '' -RRB- , to atypical yet truly condusive melody -LRB- her absolute sealed `` Hyperballad '' and `` The Modern Things '' -RRB- . Bjork is a winner . The album opens most refreshingly with `` Army of Me , '' which substantial lyrics and semi-rocker aspiration sound fares victoriously and continues as such with very few listens . Despite the afore mentioned risks , the album is embraced by the ears relatively quickly -LRB- which is where the old Bjork differs from the new one -RRB- , much like her first album . The title of this album is also a clever pattern . Where `` Debut '' was an original , if not terribly obvious title for her first CD , this followup is a `` Post '' debut , which works similarly.Through all of Bjork 's risk-taking antics , it 's truly no risk for the buyer to invest in this product ...
 This Music Rocks !!! I frist saw Bjork singing on the TV and she sang nice.Then I bought the CD post and wow I LOVED it . ** Army of me ** Great song nice opening ** Enjoy ** Favorite song nice accentBUY THIS CD NOW !!!!!!!!
 A soundtrack to a dream/nightmare . Join her , wo n't you ?
 Until recently , I could not have named a specific Bjork song . Certainly , I had heard of Bjork , but somehow I had managed to miss her music . One night I was sitting in my room , casually watching a cable music channel here in Australia and the film clip for ` It 's oh so quiet ' came on . I was very intrigue with not only the inventive film clip , but with the music as well . So to become aquainted with Bjork and her music , what better way than to start than with the CD from which that song was released . Though Post is several years old now -LRB- first released in 1995 -RRB- , it sounds as fresh and modern as any CD released today.Now to the difficult part of reviewing the music contained on Post . The music here is so diverse that there is no one label that could be attached to it . If I could use one word to describe Post it would have to be ` contrast ' . I ca n't recall listening to a CD that was so diverse musically.The first track , ` Army of me ' , is a heavily layered , rhythmic , booming song that certainly conjures up the impression of troops marching into war -LRB- appropriate in our present world climate -RRB- . Bjork pours a lot of restrained anger into her performance here , both vocally and musically . It is from the second track where we see the theme of contrast come into play - ` Hyperballad ' is a quiet track musically but the vocals have an ` on the edge of anger ' feel . The contrast theme is further explored in the following track ` The modern things ' where the song starts off sparsely with electronic synths and builds up layers including the addition of traditional instruments.On Post , there are four main areas of contrast that are explored musically
 Army of me and I miss you are two amazing songs .
 Hardly the type of artist I would normally find myself getting into , but due catching a listen of `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' not long ago , I found myself buying this album . Though quite left field , it 's still amazingly catchy and once you let yourself get into it , you 'll be hooked . Several very good tracks were pulled from this release , the best including `` Army Of Me '' , `` Possibly Maybe '' , and `` I Miss You '' . Definitely a unique album , and a great listen , even for those with the dodgiest of music taste . Good stuff .
 This was the first albums I bought from Bjork . I find it her most chaotic , with each song being different to the next . My favorite songs are
 Thank God we have artists like Bjork around , giving us a break from the Top 40 Hitlist from hell!Bjork puts every ounce of herself into her music , and her emotions come through crystal clear . The compositions she comes up with blow my mind . She can do an industrial sounding song , such as `` Army of Me '' and then turn around and do some jazz with `` Its Oh So Quiet . '' `` Post '' is definitely my favorite album so far by Bjork . It has sooo many different elements to it , its mind-blowing . If you like to experiment with different types of music , do n't pass this one up , you wo n't be disappointed .
 On this wonderful album you 'll find some strong and powerful songs , starting whit the opening track '' Army of me '' a very powerful song whit a strong lyric , some men may be a little scary of Bj&ouml;rk because of her strong confident.The next song Hyper-ballad is a sweet but strange song , also whit a powerful lyric in it . And at last you 'll find Possible Maybe a strong song and Bj&ouml;rk really shows what a powerful voice she have .
 Bj&ouml;rk 's best album in my opinion . A must for anyone who likes her style .
 Bjork 's second disc is loaded with great tunes . Especially `` Hyperballad '' , `` Isobel '' , and `` Possibly Maybe '' . A great collection of ambient songs and goofy pop-oriented material . Tricky guests on `` Headphones '' , another standout track . Essential .
 Following a multi-platinum selling `` Debut '' album was going to be tricky stuff . After cooking eggs in the kitchen with only her own naughty thoughts to keep her company and dancing along a massive 18-wheeler driving through New York whilst singing about an imminent bout of sexual pleasure -LRB- paging Dr. Freud ! -RRB- , Bj&ouml;rk fights back at the sophomore slump with what is her best album ever . `` Debut '' acted as Bj&ouml;rk 's jumping platform , now with a small army of some of the key perpetrators of some of the most noteworthy dance music around -LRB- Graham Massey , Tricky , Marius de Vries and `` Debut 's '' Nellee Hooper -RRB- , Bj&ouml;rk creates some groovy , heartbreaking dance tunes as well as some of the best love songs put into recording . You can discuss the validity of that claim , but it 's true ! So there!The first second of the first song of the album , the literally explosive `` Army Of Me '' , confirms that Bj&ouml;rk 's taking us somewhere else in terms of her sound ; a new Bj&ouml;rk emerges here , with an embittered resilience that could rival Alanis Morissette 's work on her LP , `` Jagged Little Pill '' . Comparisons with the Canadian Angst-master are quickly quelled however , when the authoritative opener segues into `` Hyperballad '' , easily one of the best love songs ever -LRB- like I said , you can discuss this -RRB- . All strings and dance beats and keyboards and all sorts of cool sounds I ca n't really describe as good as everyone else has done before , it is the album 's standout track . ` Eclecticism ' could have been the title for `` Post '' , but Bj&ouml;rk is n't trying to be nudge-nudge-wink-wink-clever-clever here ; she is at her emotional pique and investing dance music with a soul as well as a toe-tapping melody . This is largely due to both her voice , which has been critically praised everywhere -LRB- and justly so -RRB- so I 'm not going into that now , and her collaborators . Former member of Massive Attack , Tricky , invests Bj&ouml;rk with some darker , sexy beats on `` Enjoy '' and definitely the album 's closing piece , `` Headphones '' . Eumir Deodato 's arrangements on `` Hyberballad '' , `` You 've Been Flirting Again '' and especially `` Isobel '' invest Bj&ouml;rk 's songs with an arrestingly timeless feel . And Hooper is with the girl every step of the way ; in particular the remaining strings that close `` Hyperballad '' are so swooningly romantic they actually sound like they 're from Baz Luhrmann 's `` William Shakespeare 's Romeo + Juliet '' , which Hooper did the music for . `` Possibly Maybe '' reps a worthy mention for its otherworldly romantics which sound like something out of `` Twin Peaks '' , or at least remind me of those American indie-curios no one sees but in a just world they would have.The only problem I find with `` Post '' is that everything is so good that it reps as a pique too early in Bj&ouml;rk 's career as a musical phenomenon ; but , as follow-ups go , `` Post '' is n't a step in the right direction , it 's a 100 mile sprint.Must Hears
 This is Bjork 's best . Almost every song is wonderful , and each is different . `` Hyperballad '' has lots of flavor and builds up to a climax when the beat is picked up towards the end . It 's a good song that inspires energy and sensitivity at the same time . You can dance to it or relax to it . `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' was cool the first time , reminding me slightly of the Beatles ' Honey Pie - not really rock and roll or pop , more of a 1940 's era sound . Got bored of that one pretty quickly , though . `` Isobel '' starts off slow and warm , and gets passionate and louder , with a great orchestral backing , towards the end . Certainly one of Bjork 's best songs . `` I Miss You '' is a great song to jog , dance , or drive to . Has a great electronic beat and the horn riffs are so catchy and quite memorable . `` Cover Me '' went by me the first few times , now I think it is Bjork 's most enchanting song . With the beautiful harp , it reminds me of The Doors ' Soft Parade beginning .
 I definitely love this album . To me , it 's one of the most influencial albums ever in this century .
 She is fascinating . Her CDs are fascinating . She never makes a wrong turn or puts out crap that would make a fan cringe . She is elegance and weirdness combined and squared . Long live the Bjork .
 This album can hardly be described with words . Bjork 's innovation can be seen in every single word and note . She is probably the bravest artist of all time unwilling to compromist and always willing to go that extra mile for the best sound . She should be part of the mainstream . With her new movie , its soundtrack , and her new album , the year 2000 , looks to be the year when Bjork conquers the world . Listen for Headphones , Hyper-ballad and all the other jewels of this album clearly her best . But all her music is so high above today 's common denominator that it should all be listened to .
 I saw Bjork in the swimming pool in Laugardalur , Reykjavik this summer . She was oh so friendly to her fellow swimmers and sunbathers . Her charm , hyper-normalcy and magnetic personality all shine through in her music . Post is a rare treat for the soul . In a way her melodic innovation here is as starlingly beautiful as that of the beloved Beatles .
 the sounds go through the ears , every cell , every muscle . it lulls u to sleep , making it almost impossible to listen to the whole album without a book accompanying you .
 This will be the most amazing album your ears will ever hear . It 's Bjork 's best . It really deserved to win the Grammy that year , but it 's all a popularity contest . Just listen to what music SHOULD BE !
 I love listening to Post while I 'm driving . It 's a real fun album , makes you want take a long road trip . Every song is great and Bjork looks so hot on the cover !!
 I dont think human emotion can be converted to music as well as it is on Post . This is the kind of music that is timeless . I wouldnt trade this cd for any amount of money or power . This cd is above all that .
 This album is my favorite album ever . Every song is amazing . It really should have won the Grammy , but Bjork is too avant-garde for people to realize that . Buy this album !
 Bjork 's vibrant music may be a bit of a shock for first-time listeners . Hang in there . You ca n't help but be carried away by her raw , fresh vocals and strident rhythms ! I would recommend this CD -LRB- and all her music -RRB- to anyone . Whether she 's hypnotizing us with whispers or gracing us with her mighty bellow , Bjork 's music is unabashedly a good time .
 I heard this album and about bjork when my sister bought this cd I loved it then and I still love it ... Bjork is original in her music and in her fashion sence ... -LRB- I cant believe Joan Rivers , the queen of plastic , and other so called fashion experts dissed her recently because of her swan outfit , at least she experiments and takes chances -RRB- oh well ... much applause to her ... and keep it up please ... keep shocking the mainstream !
 I love this album so much . the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because while I totally absolutely love some of the songs on it there are some which leave me a bit dissapointed . For example `` You 've been Flirting Again '' and `` Headphones '' etc but I LOVE `` Army of Me '' , `` Hyper-ballad '' , `` Enjoy '' , `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' , `` I Miss You '' , `` Isobel '' and others . I definately recommend it if you 're tired of the mainstream stuff they play on the radio and are looking for something different . Bjork 's voice is just amazing . I do n't know too many people who can sound that good when they wail = -RRB-
 My first impression of this album was ... surprise , followed by a big smile , and then - ELATION . Since then I have listened to it hundreds of times , and it constantly amazes me.I noticed that many reviewers commented that they did n't care for the song `` Headphones '' . My recommendation is that you try listening to it with headphones , sitting in a boat , in the middle of a tranquil lake , right about twilight . It 's magic .
 As always , when it comes to Bj&ouml;rk , I was quite taken with this album . Every song creates a whole unique world for the imagination to roam . One can hear instantly that this album is not a `` product '' created only for money making , but there are a bunch of really creative people behind it . As it is typical of Bj&ouml;rk , the use of all kinds of different instruments and rhytms bring a feeling of newness to this album . When I first heard this album I thought to myself , `` Finally something that I have n't heard a thousand times already '' I think the best on this album is -LRB- in addition to Bj&ouml;rk 's incredible voice , of course -RRB- the huge variety between the songs and the little intriguing stories told by every song . To like this album one must have an open mind and to be ready to hear something incredible . An awesome album !
 One of those rare records that is simultaneously intimate but also very accessable . I liked it when it first came out , but lately it has re-emerged from my stacks into my frequent play pile ... One of the great headphone albums of all time , and one of the most important albums of the last decade . Bjork 's genius lies in her taking what is inside her head and splashing it across your mind ... and if you listen well , nothing is lost in the translation . Her images are simultaneously beautiful and alien .
 Ah , Bjork 's cheery album , not as melancholy as Homogenic , and not as fluff filled as Debut , this album is fannnntastic . Vocal artist is all that can be said of Bjork , her voice is unique and completely awe-inspiring , listen after listen . Love being a main theme of this album , she has filled it with songs that only she writes , such as Hyper-Ballad . The album is ambient , conscious filling music , that will stay with you for a while . And that is all I will say .
 Post is the most significant , innovative recording since Sergeant Pepper or Miles Davis 's Kind of Blue , adding a whole new dimension to popular music . Its influence is already being felt . From the first notes of `` Army of Me '' you know you 're being transported into another universe . Each song is such a musical discovery that you 'll want to throw out every other CD in your collection , as they will sound irrelevant.There is so much to recommend this recording
 Many have called Bjork Gudmundsdottir 's music ` strange ' and ` distant ' . Nothing could be more true . Yet , how incredibly lucky we are to have a performer and musician of her caliber with us today . Her second solo album ` Post ' was Bjork 's most defining moment , bringing both critical and commercial success all at once . It also established her as the Goddess of 90 's electronica -LRB- Even Tricky said that she was by far , the best alternative musician in the world at the moment -RRB- and set the stage for her even more experimental and deviant work , such as her third album ` Homogenic ' , and her recent ` Selmasongs ' . Many reviews will tell you how to approach ` Post ' as an album , but I wish to dwell upon the tracks that I like best , and the ones I think that are most representative of Bjork 's musical genius :1 . Hyperballad - This was released as a single early on , and is one of Bjork 's most profound lyrical pieces . Speaking as a waif-child who gets her peace by throwing bottles and cutlery from a cliff early in the morning before her lover wakes up -LRB- how profound is that ? -RRB- Bjork goes on to tell us that she does all of this so that she can feel happier and at peace . I have n't thrown cutlery from a cliff before and have n't plunged headlong to land on rocks below either , but Bjork 's suggestion that this could bring calmness is very intriguing . One of the best tracks on the album .2 . These Modern Things - One of my favorite Bjork tracks . She informs us that all our modern appliances , such as refrigerators , washing machines and iron presses , have actually been hiding in a mountain , waiting for the right time to come out and let us use them . How terrible for these poor machines , to be locked up voluntarily for centuries , and listening to the annoying sounds of dinosaurs all the while . The most captivating feature of this track is Bjork 's occasional lapse into her native Icelandic , lending the song a chilling effect that I have n't quite got over . I 'll never again visit a mountain top without wondering what the caves hold .3 . Its Oh so Quiet - Bjork 's most commercial song to date is also the most fun thing shes done . Very reminiscent of ` Cvalda ' -LRB- ` Clatter Crash Bang ' is ' Zing Boom ' here -RRB- , Bjork sings about falling in love and all the motions you then go through . I found this lyrically boring and not very interesting , but the musical arrangements are impeccable . As all of Bjork 's songs are .4 . Possibly Maybe - Many Bjorkians would say that this track is one of the strongest on the album , but to me it seems a filler , but a good one nonetheless . Bjork 's views on love and its ' use in modern life are all extremely perceptive and novel . But I wonder if she herself practices what she sings about . Probably not . If she did what she tells us to in ` Hyperballad ' , we would n't have heard from her past 1994.5 . Isobel - The faeire speaks ! In this song , Bjork is an elf mutant who lives below the ground , and occasionally comes out to visit the sunlight and her friends the plants . Her name is Isobel and she lives by herself . She likes to travel but she has n't ever really left her little elf-hole . She is also very spiritual and likes to read and write . But Isobel likes to be lonely , and this ails her so . We later find out what happens to ` Isobel ' in Bjork 's song ` Bachelorette ' from the ` Homogenic ' album . I hope she 's alright.These are the songs from ` Post ' that I hold dear to heart . The others are fine , and there is one particular ballad that is also quite profound , but I must say that these five do it for me . The one song I did not care for much is ` Headphones ' but I know that upon repeat listens I 'll get into it . If you have n't heard this album yet , I suggest that you get it immediately . It is an ideal introduction to Bjork 's work . And if you have a chance , look around for Bjork 's 1977 album -LRB- she was 12 at the time -RRB- . The track about the fussy reindeer is extremely important to any Bjork lover.Highly Recommended .
 I really love Nellee Hooper 's influence on this album . -LRB- Nellee is also responsible for the music & score of Baz Luhrmann 's `` Romeo + Juliet '' -RRB- . The album is deep , eclectic , and infinitely listenable . It challenges the listener , and at the same time has a really big payoff in every track . This album also plays like a complete unit , instead of a succession of tracks . Each song feeds into the next , and segues into the next seamlessly.Each song is strong in its own way , and each song introduces the listener to a different type of audio excitement ! Bjork 's lyrics are wonderful
 WOW ! that is all I have to say about this album . Bjork has the most overwhelming voice . I keep this in my car always because I just cant seem to stop listening to it , but bewear this may not be for the top 40 listener . This is for someone looking to find meaning in what they hear , a person whon is looking for a conection .
 out of the 4 bjork albums , i 'd say that POST is the best one . every song on the album is unique and original . `` Hyper-ballad '' is one of the best tracks is my favorite video of all time . is soft at first and builds up with every second > adding violins and thumping beats . POST > a great buy for everybody !
 This is the best album in history . The diversity and abstraction which Bjork develops shows that she is the cutting-edge artist of the 1990 's . She is light-years ahead of Beck , PJ Harvey etc. .
 It 's hard to believe this CD came out 4 years ago - it still sounds advanced and futuristic even at this time . Bjork expresses a range emotions from aggressive attitude -LRB- `` Army of Me '' , `` Enjoy '' -RRB- to soft vulnerability -LRB- `` I Miss You '' , `` Possibly Maybe '' -RRB- to wonderment -LRB- `` Isobel '' , `` Hyperballad '' -RRB- , most of which is exhilarating to hear and it evokes wide , epic imagery and soundscapes . Bjork is so difficult to `` niche '' and no one else sounds quite like her .
 Post should be considered the best album of all time . Never before have this many enchanting , original songs been combined on one album . She is the leading artist of the 1990 's .
 Prepare to be bjorkizied . She is catchy in a pathologic kind of way and extremely talented in the diversity of her work . Move over , lillith here comes something with a little more kick .
 When i first heard Debut I was mezmerized by Bjork 's talent and voice . And what a surprise it was to hear Post , an even better album ! Nothing about this album is short of brilliant . Just listen for yourself and be drawn in .
 Bjork is a wonder and the best woman performer and a true diva . She outshines Madonna , Cher etc. with her originality . Buy this album 50,000,000 times to make her the most popular artist ever .
 I love this album . All the songs are great and they 're so interesting with all the computer like noises in the background . You wo n't be disappointed with this album !
 I have possibly maybe -LRB- if you listen to the CD you should find that funny :--RRB- -RRB- listened to this CD over a hundred times , three times a night sometimes . Every song is incredible . Bjork is so beutiful and her voice is also . I love when she screams , it is amazing . My favorite song on this album is Isobel , it is a great song . So if you even have n't heard Bjork before , buy this CD , you will not regret it .
 This is a rare album . Every single song is outstanding ! From the hard beat of Army of Me to the quiet plains of Headphones , this album will not disappoint you .
 the first time i heard hyperballad my heart pounded with the beat ... and the plaintive strength of her voice ... soso moving ... isobel and possibly maybe seduce enchant enthralli ca n't get over how pretty and powerful bjork is
 `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' was my first introduction to Bjork , namely the video for the song . I absolutely loved the video and the song itself however I did n't get into Bjork until a few years ago with my other favorite Bjork cd `` Homogenic '' . Of all the cds I own by Bjork -LRB- which is most of them -RRB- , `` Post '' is definitely my personal favorite Bjork cd . As much as I enjoy `` Homogenic '' and `` Vespertine '' a lot , I find her music on `` Post '' more gratifying to listen to . I also think that `` Post '' is a bit more diverse than her other albums after `` Post '' . The hooks and melodies are so uncanny and hard not to like . I absolutely love the big band sound of `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' . The song itself is one of my all time favorite songs ever . I love how Bjork balances her vocals throughout the song . `` Hyperballad '' is simply an amazing song . Bjork 's vocals really shines throughout the entire song . She really sounds incredible on that song . `` The Modern Things '' gives the listener a sample of the big band sound to come before `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' . Another thing I have noticed on `` Post '' is how much freer Bjork sounds . The production is a lot more loose and not as slick as `` Vespertine '' IMO . I love `` Post '' . Definitely one of the best albums to come out of the '90s .
 Arrived much sooner than scheduled , which was great , since it was meant as a birthday gift and I ordered it a little late . Perfect conditions . No complaints .
 I love the song I miss you ... make me want to get up and dance !
 I 'd like to make a comment . While I do n't own this CD , I find that there are some people here who write some immature reviews . And there are immature people on both sides -LRB- The pro and con -RRB- . I am an obsessed Britney Spears fan - I love her . But you know what ? Bjork is amazing , and I love her as well . I 'm going to buy this CD soon enough . Bjork is a genius that understands things that many people have n't seemed to fully grasp yet ... but please people , grow up - you can love pop and Bjork at the same time , it 's very much possible , so grow up and realize that it 's possible . Liking a certain kind of artist or genre does n't determine who you are as a person . Usually it 's linked in some way , but it 's not what determines you .
 I just got my first Bjork album . Before now , my only exposure to her had been Kristy Yamaguchi 's figure skating routine to It 's Oh So Quiet several years ago . -LRB- That sentence may reveal more about me than I 'm comfortable with , but so be it . -RRB- I liked the song , the juxtaposition of big band with Bjork 's intermittent screams , but did n't really think about buying a Bjork CD.Now that I have one , however , I reeeeeeeeally like it . Hyper-ballad is one of the most amazing songs I 've ever heard , lyrically , musically , and any other - ally you can come up with . Cover Me has an experimental feel to it that fills out the rest of the sometimes-overproduced-sounding tracks , and Enjoy is just plain good . I do n't really care for Headphones , but it 's the only one , so I 'm not complaining . -LRB- And who knows , maybe it 'll grow on me . -RRB- Speaking from experience , Post is a good introduction to Bjork . It certainly made me want to run out and buy all her other albums !
 I 've been a fan of Bjork 's since this album . Enjoy is my favorite song of her 's to date . DJ Burning loves to throw that one in the mix . I like almost everything she 's put out over the years except It 's oh so quiet . I know it was a single and a lot of people will disagree with me but it just was n't my thing . I 'm anxious for the new album . I ca n't believe it 's 5 years old now .
 ITS SOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD ! you wont be dissapointedevery damn song is amazing !!! 20/10 !!
 QUOTE
 We listened to the Song Army of Me in my music class one day . Some of the people in our class thought it sounded strange . I loved it ! The songs have moods and range from light and fun to listen to , to heavier and stronger beat . Her voice is beautiful and easy to listen to . I recommend this to anyone who wants to hear something different , but good !
 This was my introduction to Bjork , and , though , I realize that POST came after DEBUT , and long after her career with The Sugarcubes , her first band back in Iceland , this was her true debut in my eyes . For starters , I got my start listening to her music because of one of her songs on this album , `` Army of Me , '' the post-apocalyptic tune featured on Lori Petty 's equally post-apocalyptic TANK GIRL , a really trippy film from the early mid-1990s . I actually danced to this music in a jazz dance class , as a young teenager -LRB- yes , I realize that dates me ! haha -RRB- . How would I desribe this album ? Well , probably the better question is `` how would n't I describe this album . '' There is truly something for everyone here . Bjork has a great , playful flair for working and experimenting with electronica -LRB- `` Hyperballad '' -RRB- , as well as channeling her numerous other styles -- one of my favorites is `` It 's Oh So Quiet , '' a great , and wonderfully whimsical departure from her edginess . She almost sounds like a slightly coked up Barbra Streisand , and the big band sound is absolutely infectious . What 's more , the video is great ! If you get a chance , you should really check it out . It was directed by the wonderfully creative Spike Jonze , that features Bjork in what looks like a deleted scene from a really surreal Gene Kelly musical . She 's dancing with numerous back-up dancers dressed up in elaborate costumes -LRB- my favorite being a dancing mailbox ! -RRB- . I also love `` Isobel , '' `` My Headphones , '' and probably all of the songs . They all succeed at being incomparably trippy and deeply poetic . I think I fell in love with -LRB- and came to appreciate -RRB- Bjork 's music , the day I heard this and I have n't stopped since !
 From the industrial , raw sounds of `` Army of Me '' to the dark and brooding sound of `` Enjoy '' Bjork delivers a knock-out album with Post . It was her most commercially successful album of her releases hitting # 2 in the UK and # 32 in the US . While Bjork 's latest release , DR9 , is her most experiamental yet , she will always be remembered for her earlier releases , which were more pop oriented and easier to listen to .1 . Army of Me -LSB- 4/5 -RSB- 2 . Hyperballad -LSB- 5/5 -RSB- 3 . The Modern Things -LSB- 3.5 / 5 -RSB- 4 . Its Oh So Quiet -LSB- 5/5 -RSB- 5 . Enjoy -LSB- 5/5 -RSB- 6 . You 've Been Flirting Again -LSB- 3.5 / 5 -RSB- 7 . Isobel -LSB- 3/5 -RSB- 8 . Possibly Maybe -LSB- 5/5 -RSB- 9 . I Miss You -LSB- 5/5 -RSB- 10 . Cover Me -LSB- 3/5 -RSB- 11 . Headphones -LSB- 3/5 -RSB-
 Post is far far better than her debut . On this album she likes to create darker more hectic soundscapes . She still retains a little bit of her `` Debut '' side namely on tracks like - You 've Been Flirting Again '' - , `` Cover Me '' and `` Headphones '' other than that she has fully moved on.Post eclipses everything Debut did including chart success . `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' became her first and so far only UK TOP 5 HIT.This album perfectly blends string groups and bursting programming into one innovative album . However this is not her best album , Medulla is . If anyone who wants to get into Bjork 's music , they should listen to Post first instead of the average `` Debut '' or daringly beautiful `` Medulla '' .
 ... well I wore out my cd so it was time to replace it . . the songs are so well put together ... great memories
 Bjork 's Post is an album that mixes various musical styles but is largely built on the electronic-pop of the first album . Probably the most defining aspect of this album is it 's use of technology in producing the sounds and textures prevalent throughout . This is done in various ways on different tracks and can be seen especially in the songs `` Army of Me '' and `` Isobel . '' `` Army of Me '' is the first song on the album and immediately propels the listener into Bjork 's musical world . The song is loud and powerful , making it a jarring introduction to the album . Exceptional use of technology helps it to achieve this sound . From the first note the song makes use of sound effects and electronic instruments . The song lyrics are meant to be arousing and provocative , almost sounding angry . The music fits this mood very well . The consistent low drone of the base line in combination with the decrescendos of electronic sound serve this purpose well . It is a very good song that introduces the type of instrumentation that will be used throughout the album but is still very unique in it 's composition . `` Isobel '' is a song further along in the album that expertly employs the use of technology in a very different way than in `` Army of Me . '' `` Isobel '' can best be described as more low-key and disquieting than other songs on the album . At the start , it sounds as if it is going to be a more classically based song but then shifts with a repetitive drum beat and various electronic instruments , including some sort of synthesizer and keyboard . These sounds add a beautiful sound that is somewhat disquieting , dark feel . This goes well with the lyrics involving nature and a woman isolated from the world . This song does well to complement the album , doing well to mix modern technological sounds with an outdoorsy drum beat and more classical strings.Bjork is very much intent on the use of technology to achieve a very appealing cacophony of sound that fits well with her lyrics and other instruments . These sounds create a veritable world of intense sound that is meant to allow the listener to appreciate the environment . Often this environment is intended to help musically express a natural surrounding . In a quote on her website , Bjork states : Just as we use music to express parts of us that would otherwise be hidden , so to can we use technology to make visible much of nature 's invisible world ... . You will see how the three come together
 I 'm a late-comer to Bjork and it was my great loss that I missed years of her joyous , insightful and brilliant music and singing . I do n't need to effuse on her brilliance , y' all know all about it . But if you have n't discovered this fabulous singer/songwriter yet do n't wait another day . Post has me away just about as much as Homogenics or Vespertine . She is a chanteuse of the Heart and Love is her theme . On top of that most of the songs are great for improv dancing with a special friend late at night in the living room , then you can same your way up the stairs and start all over again . Bjork does that , she makes lovers out of us all . To be expected , I suppose , from a triple Scorpio . Passion and depth are the basis for everything she does.On Post it is the samba-inspired I Miss You that has propelled me through my day . I wake up to it and the days have been wonderful ever since . Bjork displays her amazing versatility with the Broadway-esque It 's Oh So Quiet . She takes risks with her voice , like screaming wildly now and then between the softest , most caressing phrases . Then there is Isobel , a compelling rhythmic trip through the spirit of Lust . This is great dancing music for the uninhibited.Right now I 'm getting familiar with Debut , more on that soon I 'm sure . Bjork is unquestionably my favorite female pop singer , second only to the late , star-crossed Amy Winehouse who was an animal of a different stripe , with one of those once in several generations great blues voices . Bjork is n't that great , but she 's very close .
 One of her best upbeat likeable/listenable products . Creative without being too far out there . Classic Bjork .
 Bjork has really outdone herself on this one . I own all three of her main American releases , and I think this is the second best , rivaled only by the wonderful `` Homogenic . '' Although the album works as a whole , I think I will review each song individually.Army Of Me
 If you are having a creative block , you must listen to Post to get your brain moving . There really is no overall mood , its every emotion divided into songs and put into a beautiful cd . Its filled with tons of visuals and so much imagery , especially in songs like Army of Me , Hyper-Ballad , Isobel , Enjoy , and Possibly Maybe . Its Oh So Quiet with its mix of big-band playing in some parts and her voice -LRB- soft and quiet , then loud and shrilly -RRB- is truly Bjork , I do n't know who else could have done it so well . The one song I automatically skip over every time I listen to the cd is You 've Been Flirting Again , mainly because it makes me feel like I 'm listening to a song from the Peter Pan soundtrack . Other than that , this is a great cd . If you 've never listened to Bjork before and you 're thinking of giving her a try , this is definitely the cd to choose .
 `` Post '' is a fitting midpoint between Bjork 's more accessible and pop-oriented predecessor `` Debut '' and the wildly experimental `` Homogenic '' . To coin a Lagassian phrase , Bjork turns it up a notch musically , refining the pop club sound from `` Debut '' with more experimental synth washes and orchestral composition . In Bjork 's world , electronic beats coexist with classical arrangements . In more callow hands , `` Post '' may have come off sounding pretentious , arty and uneven . However with Bjork at the helm , `` Post '' becomes a seamless , organic tour de force , a glimpse into the future of pop music . Listen how `` Isobel '' starts out with classic strings and gentle horns , only to lead the listener into a wild jungle of distorted electronic sounds and ultimately into the dark heart of Isobel who claims she is `` married to herself '' . However , it 's not just the music that sets this CD apart from the rest of the pack , but it 's also Bjork 's odd lyrics and accented voice that further buttress the otherworldly quality of `` Post '' . Among the many other gems here , `` Enjoy '' stands out as my favorite . Shrieking horns fittingly punctuate the end of this song - it 's an orgasm literally put to music . And so is the rest of Post . Enjoy .
 My love for Bjork 's voice began when I was in fifth grade and heard `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' for the first time at a dance rehearsal . I rediscovered her two years later when I began my collection of Bjork CD 's which is now at 15 . `` Post '' , my favorite , is a breath of fresh air from the uncreative , trendy , shallow , too feel-good , or too angsty sounds you hear on the radio nowadays . Each song has a different tone , emotion , and musical arrangement from the techno beat of `` Hyperballad '' to the stark sounds and keyboards of `` Possibly Maybe '' to the drum beat and screams in `` I Miss You . '' Bjork 's tireless voice is beautiful and full of energy - it growls , screams , slides , whispers . Her music can not not be categorized - each song is a different style and attitude . I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a change from the ordinary . I guarantee you will become addicted - I am .
 I can honestly say that as a bigtime music lover and longtime album collector that this album is by far one of my all time favorites and also what I consider Bjork 's BEST album . She was in her prime when this album came out . Each song is diverse but melodic and catchy . The lyrics are beautiful . She pours out her heart and you feel the intensity . For other reviewers to compare her to Yoko Ono is like a kick in the chest . I 'm sure these people own every Motley Crue album made to date . I understand that Bjork is an acquired taste but you can not deny that she is an incredibly original and moving songwriter . Her albums that follow this album get more and more out there and although I still love her to death , I do n't know if it 's possible to make another album like this one . This album in my mind is 5 stars all the way and I 've turned on many new bjork fans just by playing it . From start to finish it is a fantastic ride . If you never have experienced Bjork I highly recommend this album , even if you never buy another album from her again .
 Post is one of Bjork 's finest albums because each track sounds completely different from the previous one . Her beats are eclectic and unique , varying from a cheerful , jazzy tune to a dark , rhythmic bass . Bjork 's voice is also very diverse throughout this album . In some songs , such as `` Hyper-ballad '' and `` Modern Things '' , her voice is fairly quiet and not as powerful as it is in other songs . `` Possibly Maybe '' is my favorite song on the album . This song begins with a slow beat and a delicate voice ; however , as the track progresses , you are able to hear the incredible range of her voice while she expresses her feelings . Although this is the only track that is considered to be `` dark '' , all of Bjork 's songs are full of emotion . If you enjoy truly artistic and powerful music , I would encourage you to buy Post as well as any other Bjork album .
 Post is the second solo album from Bjork - and is a masterpiece !! The CD takes you on a journey that begins violently and ends trippy , withlove , elation , and devotion in the middle . Bjork 's talent as an artistcomes through loud and clear here !!
 OMG this CD is awesome !!! Seriously I can not get enough of it , I recommend this album to anyone who enjoys female Lead singers , you will not be disappointed ! My personal favorite songs are army of me , enjoy , i miss you & hyperballed , but the whole album is goody ! And if you get the dualdisc edition you get a few music videos too , defiantly worth your money .
 The music on `` Post '' is brilliant and profoundly original . Like many Bjprk albums , it stands up to repeated listenings over many years and each time it reveals something more of itself . I have a deep respect for this artists and I think this in one of her best works .
 Bjork is totally experimental and there 's absolutely no one like her . Post is a series of letters sent to her homeland iceland while she was exploring city life , this is the concept behind the album , although it 's not a conceptual album per se . Electronic , orchestral , percussive and of course her unmistakable voice in one wonderful and exhilirating sonic journet through creativity at it 's peak !
 featuring the following tracks :1 . CALLOWAY -- I Wan na Be Rich -LRB- 4:50 -RRB- 2 . PAULA ABDUL -- -LRB- It 's Just -RRB- The Way That You Love Me -LRB- 5:21 -RRB- 3 . BABYFACE -- It 's No Crime -LRB- 4:02 -RRB- 4 . LISA STANSFIELD -- This Is The Right Time -LRB- 4:30 -RRB- 5 . TAYLOR DAYNE -- Love Will Lead You Back -LRB- 4:37 -RRB- 6 . SYBIL -- Do n't Make Me Over -LRB- 3:59 -RRB- 7 . JOHNNY KEMP -- Birthday Suit -LRB- 4:28 -RRB- 8 . MARTIKA -- More Than You Know -LRB- 4:06 -RRB- 9 . SURFACE -- Shower Me With Your Love -LRB- 4:54 -RRB- 10 . TYLER COLLINS -- Girls Nite Out -LSB- Seoul IV Seoul Bite -RSB- -LRB- 6:02 -RRB- AN ABOVE-AVERAGE COLLECTION WITH SOME ALBUM CUTS OR LONGER VERSIONS !
 Carlos Gardel was the most acclaimed tango singer during the first quarter of 20th century . His voice was so musical , expressive and charming that every recording he made of tango music is considered definitve even nowadays.This compilation brings some not-so-well-known tangos brought to real life by the master process of nimbus records , this company had performed excellent restorations of early opera singers such as caruso and amelita galli curci among others.A must for anyone with interest in tango music and especially for gardel aficionados who will find more detailed ambience and subleties from gardel guitarrists . A real jewel .
 ... in the rough . One of the post disco albums that was slept on . This band released their follow up to the disco classic `` IM CAUGHT UP -LRB- IN ONE NIGHT LOVE AFFAIRS -RRB- '' in 1981 . The exuberant ballad `` ITS WONDERFUL '' showcases lead singer -LRB- The great JOCELYN BROWN 's -RRB- earthy vocals . The power and tenderness in which she sings of a great love shows you she was in peak form and was definitely one the great voices of disco and r & b at the time . She penned that tune as well . Another winner is the slow jam `` MAKE IT LAST FOREVER '' -LRB- Not to be confused with Keith Sweat 's version -RRB- The dance jams are hear of course `` PAY GIRL '' and the funky remake of `` AINT NO MOUNTAIN HIGH ENOUGH '' in which BROWN delivers an intense performance on a funky beat . The undeniable `` KNOCK OUT -LRB- LETS GO ANOTHER ROUND -RRB- '' will have you singing the chorus for days ! This is a sleeper of a album for late 70 's / early 80 's r & b buffs . All the cuts are well produced and crafted . This group always delivers consistent efforts and the listen is not a bore with just 7 tracks . It is actually too short and leaves you wanting more . With JOCELYN BROWN singing on all the songs you just cant go wrong . Groove on !
 These guys play circles around any pop/rock band . Musically they are about as solid as they come and you can hear so many different influences on their playing -LRB- although I disagree with the Sheryl Crow comparison -RRB-
 Some friends and I drove 2 hours through the snow last night to catch Sister 7 live at a small club in Killington , Vermont . What a dynamite show ! This is an original band with talent pouring out of every note
 I have been a fan of Sister 7 ever since I first heard them live 7 years ago as Little Sister . I had never heard them before that concert . Now I never miss a concert . I never take this CD out of the car CD player because it is always fresh due to lack of airplay , and it always puts me in a good mood . Absolutely Rockin ' ! Favorite tracks are `` Fallen Angel '' , `` Under the Radar '' and `` Superman `` If you do not own this CD , BUY IT NOW ! If you have never heard Sister Seven live , go to sister7.com , check out the tour dates and GO !
 Leave it to Sister 7 to strike a chord deep in my soul . They did it with their last CD `` This Is The Trip '' and the song `` Know What You Mean '' . And they do it once again with this new CD . `` The Only Thing That 's Real '' is a beautiful song that is beyond words . Just listen once , and you 'll understand .
 I have been listening to this group since they were Little Sister still in Austin . They blew me away then and they are even better . You have the hard rockin songs , the love songs , and everything between that you can relate to . Open up to something new that IS N'T on the radio that SHOULD be on the radio .
 This album is incredible . Edgy , raw , gentle , melodic , and just absolutely brilliant . Sister 7 beats the pants off of the majority of rock n ' roll music being produced today . Lead singer Patrice Pike 's vocal work is absolutely astonishing and guitarist Wayne Sutton 's hooks and melodies , a thing of beauty -- diverse and rivoting . Sean and Sean on drums and bass provide the framework to effectively and professionally complete the rhythmic circle . There is not a weak tune on this album . By the third listen I was completely hooked . I disagree with the Cheryl Crow comparison -- Pike out-performs Crow at so many levels ... but this is not a competition , it 's rock n ' roll and Sister 7 is one hell of a rock n ' roll band . See them live and get this album ! You will not regret it .
 I 've been a Sister 7 fan since their very early days , when they were known as Little Sister , and this album does n't disappoint . This album expands upon the sounds of their first 2 , bringing a bit more diversity to their delivery . In some cases this works amazing , as in the Zeppelin-esque `` Elijah , '' ; the acoustic-tinged , Top-40-r & b-feel of `` Nobody Knows '' ; and the Summertime funk of `` Kiss Me Baby . '' There are a couple of mis-steps
 The new Sister 7 album exceeded my already high expectations . Not only does the album include some memorable Patrice Pike melodies , but its rock tunes groove with a high degree of sophistication . The alternating 4/4 -- 6/4 bars of the chorus from MY THREE WISHES , for example , strike just the right balance between Aerosmith 's mid-70s peak and early Police , all the while sounding highly orginal . I ca n't recommend this album strongly enough for those who are looking for a record which is simultaneously rockin ' and challenging .
 In 1997 , Sister Seven released their 2nd album , This the Trip -- an irresistible mix of hard rock , blues , funk and just enough of a tinge of hip-hop to give it all an ultimately modern sound . The staff here at The Night Owl loved the album so much , it ended up on our list of the top five CDs for the year . Since then , we 've all been waiting for a follow-up to arrive . Well , the folks at Arista slipped this one right by us a couple months ago with little or no fanfare at all . Because of that , we 're going to review it for our loyal readers now.Tiny Matters gets off to a great start with `` Fallen Angel , '' a rocker that picks up right where Trip left off . The next three songs -- `` Polishing the Looking Glass , '' `` Under the Radar '' and `` The Only Thing That 's Real '' -- sound a lot like an obscure -LRB- here in the US they 're obscure ; in Europe , they 're huge -RRB- band from Scotland called Texas . All three songs are acoustic based , pop , power ballads . `` Elijah '' is the next highlight , and shows the band can rock with the best of them.The disc gets into a bit of a lull on the next two cuts , but bounces back with another rocker called `` Loaded . '' Unfortunately , things way down with `` Nobody Knows . '' It 's almost as if the band 's trying to appeal to the Britney & Christina fans , with its hip-hop/R & B/pop thing going on . There 's a nice acoustic guitar solo on the track , but it 's not enough to save this one from being the low point on the CD . The last three tunes bring the ` music quality level ' back up again though . `` Superman '' is the best of the three , and one of the few new tunes that still gets the funk into the mix.The CD also includes some multimedia content
 This record rocks ! I ca n't decide what my favorite song is ! Patrice 's vocals are in amazing form and the rest of the band are , as always , unbelievably tight . The guitar 's soar and dive all around the basslines and the drumming is soooo on . It 's been a long wait for this album but it 's well worth it . Pick it up and do n't miss them on the tour ... they are amazing live !
 Unless you 're a fan , I bet you 've heard Sister Seven in the supermarket and not even known it . That 's ok , because `` The Only Thing That 's Real '' , also found on the soundtrack to Bounce , is one of the least notable songs on this album . Once you hear the rough `` Fallen Angel '' , it will be impossible to forget the voice of Patrice Pike . The lyrics are wise , the music just flows ... `` Under the Radar '' and `` Polishing the Looking Glass '' are sweet and addictive , and the mood just jumps in `` My Three Wishes '' . `` Loaded '' and `` Elijah '' are strikingly socially aware ... and you ca n't help but listen to them over and over . The only unfortunate thing about Sister Seven 's studio work is that it fails to show you how much they ROCK onstage . To top it all off , they are a down-to-earth band who make it obvious that they truly appreciate their fans . Do n't hesitate in buying this album .
 I always wonder how Sister 7 will be able to match their previous work . They have accomplished that task and more with Wrestling Over Tiny Matters . I bought the album in April when it first hit the stores and it remains in my car CD player even now.The great thing about Sister 7 is that they are not overplayed on the radio and the music remains fresh . This album seems to stray a bit from the group 's earlier funk sound , but I welcome the change of pace . It demonstrates the versatility of the band and their ability to either amaze you by their sweet sound or rock the house down.One final note
 These guys play circles around any pop/rock band . Musically they are about as solid as they come and you can hear so many different influences on their playing -LRB- although I disagree with the Sheryl Crow comparison -RRB-
 Patrice Pike voice is more powerful than ever . I did n't think any of the new tracks are quite as catchy as This is the Trip , but they all rock . See their shows if you get a chance , buy their albums if you ca n't .
 Based on reviews alone , I bought Wrestling Over Tiny Matters without having heard any music from Sister Seven before . Initially this album did n't do much for me , and I buried it in my CD collection . Months later I pulled it out again , and I have been thoroughly enjoying these tunes ever since.Wrestling Over Tiny Matters is loaded with chord-heavy guitars -LRB- electric and some acoustic -RRB- and the powerful , dynamic vocals of Patrice Pike . To me the music on this album sounds strikingly similar to stuff you 'd hear from Melissa Etheridge . Besides the guitar-driven rock , Pike 's pipes resemble Etheridge 's hearty voice , except Pike sounds cleaner , without the rasp for which Etheridge is known . I find Pike 's vocal performance to be the strongest element of this album , although there 's also some great songwriting.I was surprised to hear that Sister Seven split up shortly after the release of this album . Suffice it to say that this initial exposure to Patrice Pike has encouraged me to investigate the subsequent album she created with her new band , the Blackbox Rebellion . While this album does n't cover any new ground musically , Wrestling Over Tiny Matters is nonetheless a fine display of talent by Sister Seven 's very promising lead singer .
 Very cool album . I 'm into a lot of ambient/experimental electronica and this band really created something neat here - catchy vocals amidst very experimental glitches and whatnot.My only gripe is that some of the glitch and bleeps are stock sound files from the Reason sound bank . If anyone is familiar with Reason , listen to the drum kit `` Glitch kit 4 '' and you 'll find a lot of the sound effects they used there in the first song . I think I 'd like this album a lot more if I did n't know this or if they made their own effects.Still , a great listen . I 'm very excited to see what 's in store next for them .
 Evidently Portugal The Man is NOT satisfied with just being the creators of lush , smashy indie-rock . Thankfully . Because the result is the swirlingly , bizarrely pretty EP `` It 's Complicated Being A Wizard , '' where they throw all catchiness out the window in favor of psychedelic wizardry.The title track is about twenty-three minutes long -- fuzzy , staggeringly murky and elusively pretty . `` We will only take one/and then backs and racks can carry out/of here/someday we 'll find a home , '' John Baldwin Gourley croons under slow , drifting melodies and a heavy layer of fuzz.He follows it up with a song so short that it does n't even clock in at a minute . Each of the songs that follows is named after a gem or metal magic , like `` Amber Magic '' or `` Gold Magic . '' But the music is less predictable
 love portugal the man , they have a great sound , suggest buying it from the used section for a cheap price
 This goes down as one of my all time favorite records . It is much more instrumental than the rest . a few recurring motifs throughout the album make it a great extended listen . The mood set is lovely and slight electronic wizardry and glitching makes it something more unique than most other post rock . Love this record .
 I 'm not sure why the 2nd reviewer confused this EP for more than it is . It includes a 23 minute song followed by said song broken into individual tracks.This is essentially a 23 minute EP , and a quite good one at that . If you liked Waiter
 This cd was alot different than waiter . The first track is the next eight put together . Long ambiant phases between dark synth driven songs , much more digital than the pervious album . his vice is possibly better in this cd , definatly worth the ep price
 The Groove Divinities is what happens when Kenni Ski 's powerful vocals are matched to Jimmy Sloan 's inspired guitar work . These studio veterans did not go for any sort of modern music sheen here . Rather , this disc 's thirteen songs point back to various pivotal moments in classic soul music history.Ski comes off particularly Sam Cooke-like during `` Do n't Leave . '' Then to drive this significant influence home even further , the disc closes with `` Change Gon na Come , '' which was one of Cooke 's signature songs . Not everything here sounds like something you 've heard on R&B ; oldies stations , however . `` Lie To Me , '' for instance , finds Ski sounding like a dead-ringer for Paul Weller of The Jam fame . Furthermore , it 's not all R&B ; , either , as `` Jail '' is a guitar rocker made to order for The Black Crowes , and `` Methodonia '' has a distinctly Stones-y swagger driving it . Sloan 's guitar work , as you might have guessed by now , is all over this disc . Still , `` Playin ' Yer Soul '' is underpinned by some nicely rollicking piano work.Of course , if you 're not old enough to recall soul music 's 60s and 70s heyday , all of these stylistic clues will likely mean nothing to you . Even so , if this CD 's modern take on older musical values makes even a few folks want to dig back into the vintage stuff , it would make this revivalist spirit worth all the effort.Certainly , there was something truly divine about all those great Stax , Motown , and Philadelphia International grooves . This act , unquestionably , digs into these sounds beautifully . -- Dan MacIntosh , Indie-Music . com
 This group is fantastic . They have a fresh , new sound that 's great to hear in today 's music . I would describe it as a mix of rock and soul with a little funk . This album would be a great complement to anyone 's collection . Their live performances are great too .
 Don Lennon is pure genius . Combining the acidic derision of Robyn Hitchcock with the obsessive innocence of Wesley Willis , Don Lennon has graced us with a hilarious half-hour of musings on pop music , cultural artifacts , underground scenes , and , uh ... Dave Matthews . With Dana Colley from Morphine standing in for DMB 's Leroi Moore on sax , Don sings from various perspectives
 I love this album - as well as Don 's first two self-released affairs . If you like the sound of the Smiths or Belle and Sebastian - and enjoy clever , humorous lyrics , you 'll love this album . there are two songs devoted to Dave Matthews - the second is the type of song you have to play over and over becase it is so damn funny ... sample lyric , `` Dave Mattthews Band comes alive / At the Earth Day festival , at a concert in Brazil / Dave Matthew 's Band comes alive on a talk show in New York , or a Chili 's Bar & Grill '' - there 's also an ode to Lenny Kravitz which is similarly dripping in sarcasm , and a rather beautiful track dedicated to the brilliant John Cale . I highly recomend this album - catchy songs , sharp , funny lyrics - Don is the best Lennon to put out an album since John .
 The songs about Dave Matthews make me smile , I cant help it . My face just forms a smile . These songs are so great , I just wish everyone had to listen to this CD . Play this Cd for the people of Iraq and they would agree that the USA is good . I like the way Don addresses today 's relevant social issues with a poison yet sweet pen .
 Everyone thinks that the music they listen to is great - And they 'll tell you so ... over and over until you break down and buy whatever piece of ka-ka it is they 're so excited about . That having been said , make an exception and listen to ME ... This is an original album by a truly exceptional artist . Don is n't `` off the beaten path , '' he 's off it , beyond it and already over on the other side of the forest picking berries . What you 'll hear are short , succinct , deliciously mundane and catchy pop tunes . The subject matter is `` everyday '' in nature but it always rings true because his observations and stories simply ARE true . When I first heard this CD , I was giggling the whole time . He 's a master of subtlety - When he sings about how he pretended to like The Dave Matthews Band to get a girl you want to laugh , but you 're too busy singing the chorus . Lennon is really on to something here , and if you `` get it , '' you 'll have bought all three of his CDs by this time tomorrow .
 I posit no defense for loving this CD both thoroughly & unconditionally !
 The best pop record I have heard since ... ummm ... Lennon 's previous record .
 Remeber those good ` ole days ? This CD brings it all back ...
 Anyone who thinks , America has music figured out , has not lisened to this . This is some of the best music in the metal genre I have ever heard . If you are a true collector of metal , this is where it is at .
 I really hate how it seems that everytime a metalcore band is starting to hit their stride they go ahead and break up . Deadguy , Kiss It Goodbye , Spread the Disease , Botch ... etc. . The list goes on and on . Maharahj is on that list too and its a shame for they are probably the very best of all gone-before-their-time metalcore bands . Their debut album is packed end to end with all of that uber-technical yet strangely listenable chaotic noise that fans of this stuff love and Maharahj do it better then just about everyone with few exceptions . They improved on their second album Repetition to a point of near perfection but this album is still more then worth picking up .
 Wow , who would have thought that this band would one day be available on Amazon.com . These guys are from my area , and it 's incredible to see them reach this level of status . This is a GREAT album , hard hitting , punchy , with sick vocals . Not for the faint of heart , that 's for sure , but if you 're in the mood to get your ass kicked musically , this album will get the job done . Nice job , boys . You make Oakville proud !
 these five raging canadians totally are one of the best hardcore bands out there ... from the opening track of Alchemy & Binary all the way to the last track ... this cd is unrelenting ... vocals from god knows where ... guitars that will make u slap your mother ... bass lines that will leave u trembling ... and drums that are so chaotic u will wonder where he learned to play like that ... this is a great cd ... every hardcore kid should have it ... it all its own ... quit reading this and buy the cd
 Cristian Mandeal conducts Euskadiko Orkestra Sinfonikoa -LRB- Basque National Orchestra -RRB- with soprano Maria Bayo in a recording of works by Jesus Arambarri -LRB- 1902-1960 -RRB- . `` The playing Mandeal draws from the Basque National Orchestra is vital , precise and imaginative - an impression which Claves 's demonstration recording quality , full and detailed , enhances . The composer would surely have approved his conductor colleague 's advocacy ... '' -LRB- Christopher Webber , Zarzuela.net -RRB- On this CD :1 . Gabon Zar Sorgi & ntilde ; ak
 I 'm an Australian , born and bred , biased , yes ! ... but this bitta -LRB- bit of -RRB- Australian musical history is brilliant . . just watching the video right now ! Please , Amazon ... release the video in NTSC format so I can share the experience with my North American and other Wolfish friends in other parts of the world !! Pat Hewett -LRB- Wachita to her friends -RRB- from Western Australia .
 Can you imagine!The three most beautiful voices singing the most beautiful songs , TOGETHER ? Well now it 's reality !! This cd is great!Olivia Newton-John and John Farnham make such a great duo , I really hope they 'll work together again , their live redention of you 're the one that I want is the first one in 20 years to match or even surpass the original one , and Olivia 's live verision of Hoplessly Devoted to you , has nothing to envy to the older version!Her voice is still amazing !
 As an Aussie who lives in the US , I was excited to receive this CD from my brother for my birthday . I have grown up with these musicians and the fun they had while performing the music on this album comes right through for all to enjoy !! My kids are sick of hearing it every time they get in the car . TUFF .
 This is a great collection of songs from Farnham , Newton-John and Warlow , plus covers of other well known songs . A really good mix of vocal talents and I love the version of Granada done by John Farnham and Anthony Warlow . I 'd thoroughly recommend it if you like any of these three artists or just looking for a good concert CD .
 I have just watched the video , and just got the cd ... and i just wish i got to see it . The album is stunning , the three voices just blend so well ... pure entertainment from all . The orchestra is almost magical and outstanding to hear . Somw of Olivia 's songs just are so touching and a few goose pimples often pop up . Anthony Warlows song ... This is the moment is a fantasic piece of music and his voice brings out the best in this show song . John Farnum sings some of his hits as well as joining in with livvy in You 're the one that i want . A must have for musical and stage fans . . Olivia fans , Anthony fans or Farnum fans .
 Just some information to let the readers know a bit about the other people on the CD . John Farnham is Australia 's highest selling artist and Anthony Warlow is a stage musical performer with performances in productions such as Phantom of the Opera -LRB- that kind of thing -RRB- Whilst most of the songs on this CD feature their personal hits They are sung so well by all 3 performers who each have fantastic unique voices of their own . Songs from Livvy in the 70 's and 80 's -LRB- including Grease -RRB- and Farnhams album 's Age of Reason and Whispering Jack are on this . Treat yourself , this is a great CD for the over thirties and one everyone will enjoy .
 I found this album at a used record store , and popped it in to one of the disc players at the listening station . I was struck dumb . This was really cool ! I had to buy it.From what I 've read from All Music Guide about this album , I was expecting awful vocals from Chadbourne . It turns out he can carry a tune quite well . His guitar playing is all over the place , from nice melodies -LRB- his version of `` I 've Got A Crush On You '' -RRB- to mad jumps and skitters -LRB- `` I Talked To Death In Stereo '' , most of the other tracks -RRB- . He also plays all instruments on his own `` Ochre Ringlet '' and `` Do n't Happy , Be Worry '' , and plays dobro on Albert Ayler 's `` Change Has Come '' . -LRB- What is a dobro anyway ? -RRB- The other players take turns leading , following and pushing and pulling him , for they are skilled musicians as well , and the overall sound is nice.I 'm definitely going to lay my hands on some Chadbourne in the near future .
 He has n't mellowed exactly , but this latest batch of musical madness from Eugene Chadbourne and assorted co-conspirators assaults ones senses with just a little more tact and refinement than usual . It 's definitely an acquired taste
 It is hard to believe that this is no longer available new on Amazon . I think this is a great CD with jazz and bluegrass all mixed together . If you want to call it progressive , that works too . Anyway , it is great music . Buy it !!
 One thing INNER LIFE had going for it besides their slick production and infectious hook layden songs was the vocal prowess of JOCEYLN BROWN . The group put out uptempo disco/r & b jams that were in the time but dont sound dated.The undeniable `` PICKED A WINNER '' is a triumphant medium paced disco number about a good choice in love . BROWN 's ability to keep pace and never over sing make the melodies that much more tight . The emotion in which she sings gets you all caught up in the groove . The songs seem to be a continuance from the song before it ! For some groups that would be a problem , but not for INNER LIFE producers . They change the rhythm , melodies , and pace just enough to where u keep the record playing . BROWN does her part and you never tire of her singing . The standout is the joyous `` MOMENT OF MY LIFE '' as well as `` I LIKE IT LIKE THAT '' and `` GOT TO FIND ME SOMEBODY '' . Wheter its love or the celebration of life or just a song about having a good time INNER LIFE II fits the bill . Anyone interested in disco or early 80 's r & b would want to purchase this cd . The downfall is of course you only get 6 tracks ... The thing is you 'll love all of them . A must have !
 While you wo n't find here anything that stretches the boundaries of what you know to be Swearing at Motorists , those of us who dig their previous works will find more to enjoy . The mellow delivery of obtuse and biting lyrics are in play . The `` round '' vocal sound . The sweet , warm guitar tone . All here.The one fun departure is the punkinsh `` Paul Williams '' . This ode to the vertically challenged actor may not be long overdue , but it will turn that frown upside down .
 This is amazing , the drumming , the guitar , the pure talent that makes Cream a greater band than the Beatles , and this is their debut !!!! 1 . I Feel Free -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- -LRB- 2:53 -RRB- 2 . N.S.U. -LRB- 6/5 -RRB- -LRB- 2:47 -RRB- 3 . Sleepy Time Time -LRB- 6/5 -RRB- -LRB- 4:22 -RRB- 4 . Dreaming -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- -LRB- 2:01 -RRB- 5 . Sweet Wine -LRB- 7/5 -RRB- -LRB- 3:20 -RRB- 6 . Spoonful -LRB- 6/5 -RRB- -LRB- 6:33 -RRB- 7 . Cat 's Squirrel -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- -LRB- 3:05 -RRB- 8 . Four Until Late -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- -LRB- 2:10 -RRB- 9 . Rollin ' and Tumblin ' -LRB- 7/5 -RRB- -LRB- 4:43 -RRB- 10 . I 'm So Glad -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- -LRB- 3:59 -RRB- 11 . Toad -LRB- 10/5 -RRB- -LRB- 5:08 -RRB- -LRB- P.S. there is a 3 and a half long drum solo -RRB- Great album even though clapton wrote none of the songs .
 music quality is fantastic , my shipping was combined to save money ... what can I say -- great ! good photos and liner notes .
 I gave this CD 4 stars based on the fact that there is 4/5 of a great album on the disk . Unfortunately some cretinous producer decided to slap on a few `` bonus '' songs that are extremely flat and annoying and un-Creamlike . The original release version of this album was a perfect collection of songs that were high energy without having to be loud energy . Upbeat and joyful toe-tapping songs , not leftover rejected filler tracks.I suspect that most of the fans who like -LRB- at least the good parts of -RRB- this Cream album are the old timers who remember how fresh and innovative it was when it was first released . British rock was largely founded on a foundation of blues , and this album stood out as a blues tribute LP that stretched the genre and appealed to a wider array of music fans than say , John Mayall , with his more traditional bluesy ouevre . Younger fans who are discovering 60s and 70s music for the first time do n't have a frame of reference and will judge it against later works by other artists -- artists who had the benefit of being schooled by their predecessors . Sadder still , they might get one of the newer release versions -LRB- of any band 's work -RRB- that includes crappy bonus tunes which were judged deficient at the time the album was first produced but subsequently added by tasteless producers in the remastering process . Hearing an album like this one with the garbage tracks added would certainly make those unfamiliar with the original release version wonder how a band that could produce such godawful material might be considered a supergroup.I wish I had shopped more carefully . From now on I 'll only be buying the original release versions . Based on bonus track CDs I 've gotten of Bowie , Jeff Beck , and now Cream , it 's clear why those `` bonus '' tracks were edited out of the original releases . Thankfully the trash tracks are usually at the end of the CD . You can tell when they start because it 's like someone suddenly dropped a deuce in the soup .
 Well , I still have n't found this person named Jack -LRB- if that 's who it really is -RRB- who is lecturing under my name in the South . I have heard no mountainside rumblings , no manic mummerings , no foistered fanfare . So , I can only assume all is well and that it is safe again in Metamorpho Land.Now if only someone could tame that dragon in the west quarter of my castle , then I would be a most happy Seer . But , hey , can we ever have everything go perfectly right in our lives ? You answer no ? How negative . Let 's move on.Ahhh ... . here comes Fresh Cream to relax your inner inhabitions . Yes - the beginning of the power trio . And what a fine beginning it is ! Eric Clapton -LRB- you know him ? -RRB- , Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker . Three extraordinary musicians . And this album only portends greater things yet to come.Alot of this album is a hybrid of traditional American blues interpreted by quality British musicians . It is amazing , when you look back , that so many English artists of this era were so taken with the blues . But we are so much better for them putting their own spin , their own staple on this genre.Jack Bruce , in the compostional sense , took the edge off a little with his original songs . But they somehow always had a sort of `` bluesy '' aura about them and some mystical rock thrown in . Listen to `` I Feel Free '' and you 'll know what I mean . In fact , throughout this amazing debut , they expound that freedom and stretch the lines further than many conceived of at that time . Clapton -LRB- who was shy , I suppose , initially -RRB- did not contribute any songs and only arranged a Robert Johnson tune -LRB- Four Until Late -RRB- . This left Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker to fill in the writing chores while relying on standards by the likes of Muddy Waters and Willie Dixon . Quite a combination I would say.The album moves from an uplifting vibration , to slower blues , to sweet harmonic grooves , to harmonica rough realizion . Such a mix . Listen to Jack Bruce 's dreamy `` Dreaming '' and then the bluesy harmonica rave of `` Rollin ' and Tumblin ' '' and you get a firm idea of the diversity of this band . Clapton 's leads are succint but essential . He grows from this point to masterful leads in later albums . Jack Bruce also uses the bass as an essential ingredient in the music . Matches Clapton note for note . And the undeniable talent of Ginger Baker can not be questioned . Just listen to `` Toad '' . Remarkable.To conclude - this is a very respectable first album by giants of the trade . Surely to hear it , you too will be singing `` I 'm So Glad '' as well.I have really given it a 4 and a half rating . I am not exactly thrilled over the clarity - but it is a minor complaint when compared to the accomplishment.Now I must go . You know that you 're all invited over to have some coffee with Metamorpho . Just do n't forget to bring some cream ... From where the cows graze --------- Metamorpho
 What can I say Clapton is God !!!
 Product good , remaster off - throw it out ! I was so looking forward to updating my cream LPs with the new `` Remasters '' The music of Cream is generally really innovative and played live was awesome at times . These new releases are terrible , -LRB- the live ones were better anyway -RRB- there is no dynamic improvement , the drums are still tinny , bass & guitar just OK , subdued , hissy background , NO BETTER THAN THE OLD ALBUMS . This music cries out for a professional re-release . Of the three muscicians , Jack Bruce in particular has forged a fabulous career since the break up with great albums with Gary Moore , Robin Trower and solo material . Check it out , especially BBM - wow ! - this is how the old Cream should sound .
 ` Fresh Cream ' , the first of , I believe , four major albums by the first and most famous ` supergroup ' opened the second act of the great British Invasion of ROCK in the 1960s . I still remember running across the original vinyl album in the Johns Hopkins University bookstore as I was dedicating myself to a mastery of knowledge of the rock universe , at the expense of my studies and various other trappings of middle class American civilization . At the time , I was not familiar with the names of the three principles , Eric Clapton , Jack Bruce , and Ginger Baker . But , I was pulled in by the blurbs on the album jacket proclaiming these lads to be the cream of the crop of English bluesmen.On listening to the opening lines of the very first cut , ` I Feel Free ' , I can recall being a bit unimpressed until Clapton 's guitar kicks in and sends the track to an entirely different world . From that point on , every track of the eleven -LRB- 11 -RRB- on the original American release was scintillating . To my credit , I was convinced that in my limited experience , which included absolutely no skill with any conventional rock instrument , this was an IMPORTANT album.This opinion was reinforced by my religious reading of such IMPORTANT journals as ` Crawdaddy ' and the very new ` Rolling Stone ' magazine . It lead me to search out the principal 's precedents which , for Clapton , was primarily a stint with the Yardbirds and the fondly remembered and little listened to ` John Mayall Blues Band ' . Ginger Baker was an alum of the Graham Bond Organization , a Yardbirds / Spenser Davis Group wannabe which never made a big impression in the states . At least , it made little impression on me compared to other groups of the same period and style . Jack Bruce performed with Manfred Mann , Graham Bond , and John Mayall , although I have yet to find any album done by these groups on which Bruce appears.While the original U.S. release had eleven -LRB- 11 -RRB- tracks , ending with Baker 's ` Toad ' drum solo piece , this CD follows the original U.K. release with two additional tracks . And , both tracks are totally forgetable . Unlike many Beatles and Rolling Stones albums of the same period , the U.S. record distributor -LRB- Atlantic , I believe -RRB- did us a favor by leaving these two tracks off the original vinyl . This album and its ` drum sola ' is probably singlehandedly responsible for Frank Zappa 's parodying long drum solos on his various Mothers of Invention albums.The most amazing thing about this album for me is that , being innocent of Clapton 's reputation for guitar prowess when I bought this album , I was more impressed by the lyrics and the ensemble performance rather than Clapton 's classic electric blues guitar . The quality of the deceptively simple songs , most written by Jack Bruce , made me all the more surprised when Clapton and Baker broke away from Cream and Bruce to form Blind Faith with Steve Winwood , their second ` superstar ' band.This album is always on my list whenever I compile my top ten albums of the 1960 's , and it is never at the bottom of the list .
 This is a seminal album in rock 'n' roll , and while it is perhaps less original than either Disraeli Gears or Wheels of Fire , it is absolutely stunning in terms of sound and musicianship . For those who do not think Clapton is god , or even a particularly interesting musicians -LRB- and less so with each album -RRB- , the Cream albums stand as a display of once-in-a-lifetime inspiration , and this one is possibly the most striking
 Cream is not as well known and thus does not get as much credit as Led Zeppelin , but was every bit as influential , if not more so . Cream has had a profound influence on rock and roll and heavy metal of the past thirty years . Where would guitar rock be today without Clapton 's riffs , Bruce 's bass and Baker 's thunderous drumming ? Cream is like the pre-Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin . Almost everything that Zep did , Cream did several years previous.Having said that , Fresh Cream is probably the best album by the band . It 's definitely their bluesiest , most raw album . Those of you who think that John Bonham was rock 's best drummer , just give a listen to the album 's final track , Toad . Believe it or not , Bonham was not the first to have an extended drum solo.Wonderful , timeless album . Deserves more than five stars .
 The sound of this recording is the best in Cream 's catalog . I think they had a different producer and recording engineer for this first album , Robert Stigwood & John Timperly before Felix Pappalardi & Tom Dowd came into the picture . The other recordings from Disraeli Gears and Wheels of Fire for example seem to have a constant hiss in the background and it seems recording and/or mixing levels were not fully turned up or managed correctly . You can hear this too on Layla , produced by Dowd . Furthermore , it sounded like clapton played many of his solos while being plugged directly into the mixing board - not a great sound . On Fresh Cream , it is all Marshall Stack ! Sweet Gibson Les Paul tone with sustain and feedback , big sounding too . It is my understanding Clapton borrowed a '59 or '60 Les Paul Burst for this 1966 recording . It was right after the one he used with John Mayall was stolen during Cream 's initial rehearsals in London . By the time studio sessions for Disraeli Gears were underway in 1967 , he had already purchased the now famous 1964 Gibson SG Standard which he had painted by the art group known collectively as The Fool . In my opinion , they never sounded better in the studio than on this first album . I still love all three albums of course but I just wanted to make a point about the sound .
 Cream was a blues band first , and a pretty durned good one at that . I Feel Free and N.S.U do n't really demonstrate the band 's blues side , but they are rightful psychadelic Cream classics . The blues kicks in with Sleepy Time Time , a pretty good original that pales in comparison to some blues covers -LRB- more on those later -RRB- . Dreaming never ceases to annoy me , so I skip it all the time . But Sweet Wine is n't only Ginger Baker 's finest Cream composition by a mile , but also one of Cream 's better tracks.Spoonful ... All I can say about this one is , `` Whoa . '' A six-and-a-half minute voodoo blues -- Jack Bruce sounds positively creepy , even laughing evily at one point -- with some great harpwork and firey guitar playing in the midsection . If this is n't Cream 's best tune , I do n't know what is . Rollin ' And Tumblin ' has excellent harp playing but annoying singing , Cat 's Squirrel is dull , and Four Till Late is forgettable . These are the other three bad tracks.I 'm So Glad is totally mindless , but benefits from Ginger Baker 's madman drumming . Closing the album out would be Toad , a favorite of mine . It 's pretty much a drum showcase , with Baker pounding on his drums like he 's a caveman or something.Necassary for all Cream fans , or blues fans in general .
 On `` Fresh Cream '' Clapton makes his prior work with the Yardbirds sound almost infant-like in sound compared to this album . Did he buy a new amp ? Anyway , this is THE defining blues-rock album of all time . `` Cat Squirrel '' is a wicked old blues tune . Jive on ole ' Robert Johnson 's `` Four Until Late '' for a while . Willie Dixon 's `` Spoonful '' is done immaculately here . Almost better than The Wolf 's version . This is Cream at their bluesiest . I like that .
 Cream / Fresh Cream -LRB- DCC Gold Disk - 13 tracks -RRB-
 I had the vinyl album back in the 60s and loaned it out to a friend who never gave it back . The CD sounds as good as I remember the vinyl sounding and sounds as fresh -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- as it did then . I believe that Clapton did his best work ever on this release . I am extremely happy to have it back in my collection and did not take it off the player in my car for months .
 Cream was one of the first bands I saw live when they were playing on the Murray the K show -LRB- two songs , five times a day -RRB- with The Who , The Blues Project , Mitch Ryder , Wilson Pickett , and special guest stars The Blues Magoos . I do n't have to tell you which two bands shook the roof , but Cream was one of them . The band came out and played NSU and I 'm So Glad with Eric taking his solos with his back to the audience.The recording is not clean -- does n't matter that there 's a claim of remastering -- but that 's what made it work . Sure there is some primitive overdubbing , but even with that , it captures pretty well the excitement of the power trio -- something that was new in ' 67 . Cream was a perfect equalaterial triangle
 It 's a shame this band could n't put their egos aside and stay together . Can you imagine a catalogue of 10 or even 15 Cream albums ? At least we would have been spared some of Clapton 's solo albums.Even though it 's a debut album , the band sounds like a polished , veteran band here . `` Spoonful '' and `` I 'm So Glad '' are standouts . Everything else is solid , too .
 Cream was formed in june of 1966 . The group consisted of 3 musicans
 Here is the rumble that started it all ... Definitely sounds better remastered ... Here the studio original versions of some cream songs that would soon stretch out into jamming madness in there American live shows ... but that was still a year off . This is an interesting look ... cream has not fully developed there sound here ... I feel free is the hint of the pyschedelic to come ... the only clunker -LRB- sorry Clapper -RRB- is from Four until Late ... Claptons new version is much much better than this ... Eric 's vocals were not developed yet ... so his singing is a bit thin ... minor complaint . this is a minor classic and a most own for any Cream or Clapton fan .
 I was talking with someone recently and had mentioned seeing Cream back in the day -LRB- I have photos from that concert dating back to the late 60 's -RRB- . That 's when I decided to search out some of the old albums on CD . Needless to say , I pleased to have found it .
 I will not say that Clapton , Bruce & Baker were the best band ever because there is no such thing . Fresh Cream in my opinion is Cream at their best . Another great album is Super Session with the late great Mike Bloomfield -LRB- RIP -RRB- , Al Kooper and too many more to list here . Bloomfield was up there with Clapton . In any case Fresh Cream is a definite necessary addition to anyone 's music collection ...
 Because of their later legend , people sometimes tend to forget Cream got together as a blues group first . Refugees from the British blues scene of the mid-1960s -LRB- Eric Clapton
 Originally released in December,1966-this is Cream 's very first effort.I , personally believe that this lp had more than proved that a band can successfully fuse blues rock with well-written psychedelic songs.Tunes here that many of us -LRB- I 'm sure -RRB- never get tired of hearing are `` I Feel Free '' , `` N.S.U. '' , `` Dreaming '' , their Muddy Water 's cover `` Rollin ' And Tumblin ' '' , `` I 'm So Glad '' -LRB- on of my Cream favorites -RRB- and `` Toad '' . A true British ' 60 's rock classic , in virtually every sense of the word.Highly recommended .
 Cream was formed in june of 1966 . The group consisted of 3 musicans
 Cream 's debut album , Fresh Cream may or may not be the band 's best album depending on your own judgement . One thing is for sure it is definetly the super group 's bluesiest outing on record and also one of their finest records . The album showcases the groups individual talents on their instruments whether it be Clapton 's howling guitar work , or Bruce 's rhythmic bass lines or Baker 's killer drumming , thealbum showcases guitar , drum and bass solos.The album opens with their commercial hit single I FEEL FREE -LRB- which appeared only on the US . Version -RRB- other hits here are the bluesy SPOONFUL -LRB- which only appeared on the UK.version -RRB- N.S.U which brings out the bands awesome use of instruments . SWEET WINE is another classic Cream tune and I 'M SO GLAD is an excellent rocker.Although the hits are really what make the album the other songs are still quite good . SLEEPY TIME TIME and ROLLIN ' AND TUMBLIN ' are good blues rock tunes . CAT 'S SQUIRREL showcases the bands instrumental talents and FOUR UNTIL LATE is an entertaining tune . DREAMING is basically filler and Ginger Baker 's TOAD is an impressive drum solo.Overall Fresh Cream is a very good album it 's not their best album but it is certainly worth getting . If you like their blues rock more than their later psychadelic recordings this may be your favourite Cream album but you really have to check it out for yourself do n't worry though you will not regret getting this cd ! Highly recommended !
 This is one great debut album !!! Cream 's first , and one of thier best !!! Contains lots of great tracks including : I Feel Free , NSU , Toad , I 'm So Glad , Sweet Wine , Dreaming , Cats Squirrel , and Spoonful !!! Great Guitar -LRB- Eric Clapton -RRB- , Bass -LRB- Jack Bruce -RRB- and Drums -LRB- Ginger Baker -RRB- !!! A treat from start to finish !!! Two thumbs up !!! Five stars !!! A +
 The debut from blues/rock 's greatest trio is nothing short of stunning . I mean , Cream are n't called rock 's first ` super group ' for nothing . Clapton was already a quasi-legend , and the ferocious rhythm section of Bruce and Baker already had quite a bit of experience as well.The two songs on this album that I ca n't believe nobody ever mentions are `` Sleepy Time Time '' and `` Rollin ' And Tumblin ' '' . The former is a glorious blues tune with some of the most emotional , exquisite leads that Clapton ever came up with . This is the difference between Eric and guys like , say , Johnny Winter . People like Winter mainly focus on flamboyance on flexibility . But one simple phrase from Eric 's solo in `` Sleepy Time Time '' is enough to make my heart ache with pain and tears drip from my eyes . The sound of that Les Paul is just divine.And then there 's `` Rollin ' And Tumblin ' '' , which is almost impossible to describe in words . The sheer amount of balls and energy completely blows away ANY other blues/rock band of the time . Can you picture the Beatles jamming like this ? No way ! And as for the Stones , well , they were pretty vicious , but even THEY seem timid when compared to this monster of a song . It 's played at a lightning-fast speed , complete with Bruce 's frantic , hoe-down style harmonica solo , which is breath-taking to say the least . But the greatest moment is the final verse of the song , after the harmonica solo , in which Baker pounds away on his drums with such ferocity that it practically sounds like a freight train crushing everything in it 's path . It becomes a breathless frenzy , with all three of the musicians competing at once , each one trying to be the victor . You almost begin to wonder if they passed out from exhaustion when the song was over.The other tunes are all good too , but nowhere near as amazing as those two masterpieces . `` Spoonful '' is horrendously overrated and it 's not that great -LRB- listen to the mammoth 17-minute live version from WHEELS OF FIRE and prepare to be mesmerized -RRB- . `` I Feel Free '' is also overrated , but I much enjoy `` N.S.U. '' -LRB- whatever that stands for -RRB- . `` Dreaming '' is a splendid little love song that shows Cream 's versatility , and `` Sweet Wine '' is rather catchy , with an excellent melody and some great licks from Clapton . The fascinating instrumental `` Cat 's Squirrel '' is another highlight , with tremendous interplay between guitar and harmonica . And what a riff , too ! `` Four Until Late '' is pretty much a bore , and I 've never been a fan of Clapton 's voice at all . `` I 'm So Glad '' is decent , but it becomes very monotonous after a while . And finally , the band end the album with `` Toad '' , an awesome showcase for Baker 's drumming talents . He really manages to hypnotize you with that solo . Is he the greatest drummer of all time ? Difficult to say . He may very well be.So go out and buy this album . It is the essence of blues and rock .
 This is a very good album . It was received as described , and I find the content to be very entertaining . It was , overall , a very good purchase .
 I love creams first album it jams i like every song on the album.Also i love eric claptons bluesy solos they are raw coming straight from the heart blues with a feeling.Jack bruce is a great bass player and ginger baker tears the drums up.What a great trio you cant go wrong with this album.There is some cover songs like robert johnsons 4 till late and muddy waters rollin and tumblin other than that this album is pretty original . Buy this album trust me.Oh yeah we cant forget that they also covered skip james im so glad on this album.Just buy it !!! Oh yeah how could i forget they also cover howlin wolfs spoonful and i love the solo on this song .
 If you want the biggest `` pop '' hits of Cream , do n't buy this album . However , for me , I 've heard `` Strange Brew '' and `` White Room '' too many times on classic rock stations , and frankly , those tunes are a bit dated in terms of sounding like '60s psychedelia . BUT - where Cream rises to the top in my mind are their blues covers , which dominate this album more than on the others . This is how I , a white suburban kid , learned about Robert Johnson -LRB- Four Until Late -RRB- and Muddy Waters -LRB- Rolling and Tumbling -RRB- -LRB- took me until recently to realize the brilliance of Skip James - `` I 'm So Glad '' -RRB- . These covers retain their vitality and sounds as good as they ever did . And the pop tunes on the album are good too - `` I Feel Free '' is great .
 of the late sixties along with `` Disraeli Gears '' and in my top 10 of all time ! Great Gibson thru a Marshall sound on `` Sleepy Time Time '' , and who wishes that they could scream as well as Jack Bruce on the ending of `` Spoonful '' -LRB- YEEEAAAUUUUEEEEEEEUUUEEEEUUUUEEEE !!!!!! -RRB- And who can get more nastier than `` Rollin ' and Tumblin ' '' ? The whole album is a gas ! Do n't be without it !
 All of the raw material that would make Cream one of the finest bands of their era is present here on this , their debut release . Fresh Cream contains the band 's signature mixture of psychedelic pop songs and blues-rock improvisations . All in all , Fresh Cream is a fine first album , but Baker , Bruce , and Clapton would all go on to bigger and better things , both together with Cream and separately with other projects .
 When you set out to be `` the best '' , as Cream did , you 'd better be sure you deliver . And , after a very odd start with their first single `` Wrapping Paper '' - that left those who had n't seen them live wondering what all the fuss was about - deliver they did with an album that remains one of the most inventive and powerful debuts of all time . Still exciting forty years on -LRB- and helped by the inclusion of `` I Feel Free '' which inexplicably was only released as a single in the UK despite being recorded in the same sessions -RRB- its combination of driving blues and Eric Clapton 's incredible `` barrier bending '' guitar playing - evidenced to perfection in their stunning interpretation of Skip James ' `` I 'm So Glad '' - took the British R&B ; scene by storm and set a precedent that raised expectations of what was to come beyond all reasonable levels.There was indeed more to come , but while much of `` Disraeli Gears '' and parts of `` Wheels of Fire '' were as good , if not better , `` Fresh Cream '' is infused with the sheer enthusiasm of a group getting it right for the first time . And , like all similarly brilliant debut albums , that 's what shines through and makes it timeless .
 I disagree with those who believe this to be Cream 's best work . However , it is the band 's bluesiest album and demonstrates each member 's mastery of his instrument . Also , it contains great covers along with some fine original songs . This is an album that captures three legendary muscians coming together before the indulgences of the psychadelic era . This was a very influential album . It is a must for fans of late sixties rock , blues rock , and great playing . Highly recommended .
 That was the first thing that drew fire from the critics . They were the first of rock 's `` supergroups '' , a term which later became a vulgarism . Who the hell did they think they were , calling themselves `` the cream '' , just because they 'd all excelled in previous efforts ? Rock 's answer to Muhammad Ali -- `` The Greatest '' ? This gave rise to another generic epithet by the rock press ; `` ego tripping '' . Based on Cream 's musicianship -- everybody knows that rock stars are supposed to be sexy and / or badass . Now along comes this trio who concentrates on playing so well that , although neither Jack Bruce nor Eric Clapton could hear each other over their own loud amps onstage , what WE heard out in the house was brilliant . What 's that but ego tripping ? Today 's music critic -LRB- who mainly operates by focusing on something he does n't personally like and saying that it is n't right and should n't exist -RRB- either got his start trashing Cream or uses as a role model someone else who did . Nope , Genesis were not rock 's first `` jounalistic outcasts '' -- Cream were . Compared to what the band would later do , this album is the classic freshman effort -- they had n't quite found their `` voice '' yet . But this is where one of the founding acts of blues metal got their start . Just think -- out of 35 minutes of music was born two institutions which still survive today -- those of heavy music and the know-it-all music press . A mixed legacy , to be sure .
 Fresh Cream was Cream 's debut and the first of their three consecutive fantastic albums made while they were together . Although this is clearly their best blues statement with covers of Willie Dixon 's `` Spoonful '' and the oft-covered Muddy Waters classic `` Rollin ' And Tumblin ' '' , the album also points to the excellent songwriting of Disraeli Gears and the extensive jamming featured on Wheels Of Fire.While there 's no instant classic like `` White Room '' or `` Sunshine Of Your Love '' present here , Jack Bruce 's collection of originals here are among the best he 'd pen for the band whether it was the blues of `` Sleepy Time Time '' , the excellent pop of `` I Feel Free '' and `` Dreaming '' or the short jamming `` N.S.U. '' , which would lead to the improvisation of their live shows exhibited on Wheels Of Fire and their live albums . Bruce 's bass playing is also very innovative throughout the album and he plays a mean harmonica on `` A Cat 's Squirrel '' and `` Rollin ' And Tumblin . '' Ginger Baker 's drumming is very powerful and innovative throughout , particularly on his compositions `` Toad '' and the excellent `` Sweet Wine . '' While Eric Clapton did n't write any tracks here , his playing is outstanding , particularly on `` Spoonful '' and the Skip James tune `` I 'm So Glad . '' The band 's performances of the cover tunes are very powerful with Jack Bruce truly making `` Spoonful '' his own with his excellent vocal performance . Simply a stunning debut from one of the best bands from the '60s . Highly recommended .
 Fresh Cream is , in my opinion , the best Cream album . Not a single mediocre song here . This is probably one of the finest blues-rock albums ever recorded . Fresh Cream features none of the extravagance or psychedelia of their following albums . Just raw rocking blues . Is this album a classic ? Maybe , maybe not . Either way , it 's damn good music .
 Just recently Cream was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , amazing when they came out with only four albums . Fresh Cream was the first . The power trio of Eric Clapton , guitar god , Jack Bruce , great blues bassist , and Ginger Baker , best blues drummer ever , made an awesome team . Fresh Cream was the album to decide if they clicked musically . It was a great triumph . `` I Feel Free '' the opening track is a personal favorite as well as one of Cream greatest hits along with another track on the album Spoonful . A great blues-rock album is as such great songs as Cats Squirrel and the Muddy Waters classic Rollin ' and Tumblin . Truly one of the greatest blues-rock albums of all time .
 This is great music , do n't get me wrong . But listening to this on stereo headphones , I ca n't help but complain how terrible this mix is . On pretty much all of the songs , the bass and drums are muddled together on one channel , while the vocals and the guitar -LRB- sometimes -RRB- and other random instruments such as tambourines and harmonica are split on the other channel at a much higher volume than the rhythm section . It 's a travesty to Bruce and Baker . I would hope that someday this will be re-released in the same type of quality remaster that Columbia did with Dylan 's catalogue . Once again , this is a great album . Probably the most concise and the one that front to back , holds together the best out of all the Cream albums . If you can put up with a bad mix , you will have no complaints .
 Eager fans could be forgiven for being slightly disappointed with this debut act from the -LRB- for the day and genre -RRB- much hyped trio of Jack Bruce , Ginger Baker , and Eric Clapton . The idea that the three musicians , titans on the British blues and jazz scenes , would unite seemed mind-numbingly miraculous at the time , and the record did n't seem to be quite as miraculous as perhaps they had expected . They need n't have worried , this is a solid , if not spectacular , record , and there was much more to come . Still working out their style , Cream started off with the rather off-color single of `` Wrapping Paper '' and `` The Coffee Song '' and soon moved into more intriguing and innovative versions of blues standards with `` Four Until Late , '' `` Cat 's Squirrel , '' `` Rollin ' and Tumblin ' , '' and the fantastic reinterpretation of Willie Dixon 's `` Spoonful . '' Stylish original compositions are also highlights , `` Sweet Wine '' standing out as a bluesy psychedelic treat that would foreshadow things to come . Then , there 's the mellow sweetness of `` I Feel Free , '' `` Sleepy Time Time , '' and `` Dreaming , '' as well as the upbeat blues of `` N.S.U. '' and `` I 'm So Glad . '' Ginger Baker also adds his signature drum solo , `` Toad . '' The main problem with Fresh Cream is that it 's a little incoherent , the songs do n't have much unity . Plus , the writing talent of Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker had yet to really kick in , and the signature unified guitar/bass riffs had yet to evolve , but there 's still much here to enjoy .
 Fresh Cream is the first album by the legandary Cream.Cream at this time knew they were a blues band but were in the process of figuring out which direction to go . Ginger Baken had drummed for the Graham Bond Organization and had been primarily a jazz drummer . Jack Bruce was more of a jazz bass player as well . To this day Baker and Bruce think Clapton is actaully a jazz player . Clapton is adamant that he is infact a blues player.This CD is probably the only legitimate blues album in their catalog . There are two songs on this collection that stand out.The first would be Spoonful by Willie Dixon . Spoonful only appeared on the British import in the 60 's and now appears on the CD . Spoonful is one of the finest songs in their catalog.Rollin and Tumblin is a shortened version of the Robert Johnson song `` If I had possession over judgement Day . From Four Until Late is another Robert Johnson song from this CD that stands out . Sweet Wine is another solid performance and is sung by Eric Clapton in one of his rare singing performances with Cream.The slide guitar on this recording is exquisite.Toad gives Ginger Baker a chance to show off on the drums.Toad provides the finest drum solo ever , at a time when every band did a drum solo.Creams ' biggest problem was their vocals and Jack Bruce took on the lions share . Clapton at this time lacked the confidence he needed . Clapton does do the vocals on Sweet Wine and Four until late.If you are a Cream fan this is a must .
 Highly recommended for the unbelievable `` creamy '' guitar tone on these 4 tracks Sleepy Time Time - Spoonful - Cat 's Squirrel - I 'm So Glad.This album and the `` beano '' Bluesbreakers album are the reason was people still use the Gibson Les Paul in rock 40 years after these recordings , period .
 When the album Fresh Cream was released , I was attending Dundalk High School in the suburbs of Baltimore , Maryland . All through high school , I mowed lawns and shoveled snow to make money for buying record albums.One day during ' 67 , I was merrily enjoying spending profits of my hard and -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- happy labors , whilst on one of my frequent album buying trips to the Two Guys Department Store on Merritt Boulevard in Dundalk , Md. ; Two Guys had one helluvan outstandingly hip and happening huge record department , especially for a middle class , mid-East Coast USA , boxy looking department store . On that day in ' 67 , when I walked into Two Guys ' Record Department , the first thing that commands my attention is the dark colored front cover of Fresh Cream with its really cool photograph of three very hip looking dudes ; it was down a store isle that runs between two waist level , horizontal wooden counters of very well stocked record racks and on the back wall at around solar plexus level sets 7 or 8 Fresh Cream LPs in a metal wire record rack that was hanging on the wall . There were hundreds of albums neatly displayed and easily searched through to my right and the same to the left and the multitudes of colors , cover art and designs of dozens of different album covers visually beckoned to me to attract my interest , but I headed straight to Fresh Cream . Good instincts , ` ay?My former neighbor - and one of the best friends of my lifetime - Austin `` Buck '' O'Baker - the drummer of the long gone great old '60s era Baltimore band The Psychedelic Propeller - was with me there , and he was happily shopping too . We were both 16-yrs-old at the time . His mother , Betty -LRB- Mrs. O'Baker to me -RRB- , had driven us to Two Guys in her sweet runnin ' , Cordova Brown , '64 Chevy Impala ; which is still one of my all time favorite motor vehicles . Love the re-curving lines of that '64 Chevy side trim , and the feel of a ride in a '64 Impala is solid , comfortably ` righteous ' . Anyways , I looks at that freshly stocked rack of brand new - unknown nearly anywheres yet - Fresh Cream album , and I ponders , `` WHOO da what 's dis ? A three man group ? I do n't know ; they are either gon na be really good or they sound like crap . Let me see who 's on it . Eric Clapton - he 's pretty good on the Yardbird 's first LP , and I really dig John Mayall 's Blues Breakers with Eric Clapton , but I do n't know who these other two are , at all . Ginger Baker on Drums , Jack Bruce on bass guitar - they sure look like cool cats on that album cover . They 're definitely ` deep ' . It 's Clapton , man , it 's Clapton , hey !! But only three musicians ? Never know though , it might be great . Ok , I 'll buy it . `` In them times , most long-playing-33-and-a-third-rpm vinyl record albums were issued in stereo and mono versions , with mono costing a dollar less than new-fangled stereo ones . I decided on the mono version of Fresh Cream . And have been mighty pleased with that decision ever since . I love the stereo CD version , but I believe that there should be a mono CD of Fresh Cream available . Like the banana cover Velvet Underground and Nico album , Fresh Cream 's mono mix possesses solid rockin sound values that its stereo counterparts do n't . I purchased that mono Cream album and took it home , pulled out my pocket comb -LCB- a personal tradition never ignored - to this day -RCB- to slit the brand new album 's shrink wrap covering , slit it , then I gently slides the disc out of the album cover and respectfully removes the new disc from it 's paper inner sleeve , then I carefully - no fingerprints or other marks - puts it on the turntable in the big ol' wide , and well polished wood , middle class American Magnavox Stereo in my family 's mid-East Coast American living room , the needle on the record player 's arm hits the groove , BWannggg , bumph bumph buh buh bumph bumph `` I feel free '' bumph bumph bah dah bumph bumph `` I feel free '' AND I YELLED `` WOW ! '' THEN JUMPED UP IN THE AIR OFF THAT LIVING ROOM FLOOR CAME DOWN IN FRONT OF THE RECORD PLAYER SCREAMIN-THINKIN `` THAT 'S SOME OF THE MOST RIGHT ON ROCKIN BLUES LICKS I `` VE EVER HEARD BUCK 'S GOT TA HEAR THIS RIGHT NOW !!!!!!! '' So I deftly removed that record player 's arm up off that fantastic mind-blowing new album , ran hard and fast out through the 1950 's style wooden screen doored front portal of our family love filled American Home across the lawn to the O'Baker 's side carport and up to their 1950 's style wooden screen door on their family love filled American Home . I yelled in through Buck 's open carport door and into the kitchen there - where Austin was making himself a sandwich - and I excitedly tells him that he absolutely do n't wan na miss the very first time I play that new group Cream 's album because I only had to hear the first half-minute of it to know it has a great new sound . I instantly knew it was going to be some of the most important music of the '67 era generation of Rock and Roll.Back on that day , in ' 67 , at Buck O'Baker 's house - just after Fresh Cream had become available on the mid-East Coast of the USA , Buck - saying he wanted to eat his sandwich - growled at me like a hungry wolf cub , whilst scowling ridiculously at me for what he incorrectly perceived as to be me acting uncool for us hip teenagers by me being so delightedly thrilled over that music . Later , after he listened to the album he admitted it was an exciting addition to the rapidly advancing talents and skills of dedicated Rock and Roll musicians.We all know that the album has indeed survived as some of the most important music in Rock and Roll history . Its sound ` fits ' me to this day.URSUSDAVE 'S MUSIC PLAYLISTS -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Many think that this album is inferior compared to other Cream albums . This is my favorite Cream album , Clapton 's guitar work is beyond compare . `` Spoonful '' , `` I Feel Free '' and `` Sweet Wine '' show Clapton 's talent as a top guitarist as well as his talent as a blues musician on blues songs `` Sleepy Time Time '' , `` I 'm So Glad '' and `` Cats Squirrel '' as well as his lead vocal on `` Four until Late . '' Gingers drumming is also at its peak on his showpiece `` Toad '' as well as doing more than keeping time on `` Sweet Wine '' and others . Jack Bruce 's range as a vocalist combined with his talent as a bass and harmonica player are shown on this album more than on any other Cream Album . Though many of the songs are n't original , they sound like no other band when coming from Cream . I would take this album over any other made by Cream , or any other band !
 Cream was formed in june of 1966 . The group consisted of 3 musicans
 . . this cd is sheer brilliance ... my only question is ... what happened to tracks # 12 & 13 -LRB- after TOAD -RRB- . . i think they were titled `` Coffee Blues '' -LRB- ? -RRB- ... and `` Wrapping Paper '' , respectively ... does anybody have any idea ?
 This ` record ' , was made widely available in the US at the same time as the earlier-recorded John Mayall `` Bluesbreakers '' lp , so Clapton wound up quickly dominating the interest of guitar freaks . Even now , the last few notes of his solo on `` I Feel Free '' are better than 99 % of his later work .
 Cream was one of those cornerstone bands that influenced a great deal of musicians and continue to influence musicians today . This album -LRB- their debut , might I add -RRB- proves just that . Clapton , who was already gaining popularity as the next great blues guitarist , performs marvelously ... Ginger Baker has to be one of the most skillful drummers of all time , and as Alex Van Halen once said about him , `` he taught me that the drums are a musical instrument . '' Ginger produces a noisy yet colorful soundscape with his kit on this album , especially on `` Toad '' -LRB- where his drum solo could go up to 15 minutes live , as heard on the album Wheels of Fire -RRB- . Meanwhile , this album has a good balance of the feel-good upbeat songs -LRB- NSU , I Feel Free , Dreaming -RRB- and the incredible blues covers of Robert Johnson 's Four Until Late , Muddy Waters ' Rollin ' and Tumblin ' , Skip James ' I 'm So Glad -LRB- thats more feel-good than bluesy -RRB- , and of course the classic Willie Dixon tune Spoonful . Also included are some wild cards , like Sweet Wine , which I ca n't really classify , but I like it nonetheless.Lastly , there is my favorite song of the lot , Cat 's Squirrel , which is a rearrangement of another song -LRB- I do n't remember what -RRB- . It 's a really swinging blues song with Jack Bruce on simple but effective harmonica . This song , I believe , demonstrates the band just having a good time.All in all , this is a great album and if you like a balance of Blues and good ol' classic rock , you must start here .
 Fresh Cream supone el debut de Cream , cuya enorme influencia en la Historia -LRB- con may&uacute;sculas -RRB- de la m&uacute;sica pop en general , y del rock y el blues en particular , est&aacute; muy por encima de lo que realmente ofrecieron . La nostalgia y la mitificaci&oacute;n son libres , pero eso es lo que honestamente debe aceptarse.Formados en el 66 por iniciativa de Ginger Baker y lanzados a bombo y platillo - por obra y gracia de Robert Stigwood - , crearon una expectaci&oacute;n que bien pronto se vi&oacute; defraudada
 A significant piece of rock history . Raw , hard early British rock for the aficianado . Clapton is as good as expected , but give a listen to Ginger Baker 's fine work on drums . Album is a fine ` blast from the past . '
 This is one of the best top 10 all time albums period . Talk about an album you 'd want on a desert island . The jazzy rock is just phenomenal .
 Rock 's first supergroup debuted in December of 1966 with their first record , ` Fresh Cream ' . Even at relatively young ages , Ginger Baker , Jack Bruce and Eric Clapton had all established European reputations as three of the most accomplished musicians around . In forming the ` ultimate band ' , each member would bring his certain creative talents to the fore as Cream made an impact almost immediately . ` Fresh Cream ' shows ample evidence of why Cream received such initial hype and long lasting fame as such tunes as `` Spoonful '' , `` I Feel Free '' , `` I 'm So Glad '' and Baker 's showcase `` Toad '' literally wrote the rules for what would become hard rock . Clapton 's impressive lead guitar , especially on `` Spoonful '' would set the template for not only other blues rock contemporaries but also the heavy metal explosion of the seventies . `` N.S.U '' also foreshadows some of the psychedelic sounds that Cream would pursue over the next two records . Much of the album features the blues without some of the improvisation that would make the band legendary in concert and along with the Jimi Hendrix Experience -LRB- their main power trio rivals -RRB- become top concert draws in both Europe and the US . It is hard to believe that this record came out in 1966 because of the power and volume that are so prominently displayed on ` Fresh Cream ' . Students of rock history , lovers of the blues and even metal heads who want to know how where they got their head banging DNA from need to check out the monster debut from messieurs Baker , Bruce and Clapton .
 A note about Fresh Cream 's release date -LRB- s -RRB- . I read in a Cream bio that the US release date of Fresh Cream was March 1967 . The UK release date being December 1966 . The US record was under a different record label than the UK label . If these dates are true people in the US did not hear this excellent album until a couple months into 1967 .
 How can you miss with the tunes `` I Feel Free '' , `` NSU '' , and `` I 'm So glad '' . These three songs are among the finest , fastest , most whimsical , and breathtaking recordings of all time ! Playing `` I Feel Free '' recently , a `` Greatest Generation Vet '' friend at first thought it was some super high spirited jazz , and the sound is a fine mix of high - octane jazz , and jet age rock ! `` I 'm So Glad '' just about the same . Most of these cuts are -LRB- were , in my case , about 39 years ago ! -RRB- also great guitar intro courses , with some rifts that practically jolt you through the ceiling ! But even better , these guys could actually sing as well , with some really nifty harmonies ! So for some real supercharged fun , this is a tough album to beat , and it does stand the test of almost 40 years ! A few simplistic rockers , mainly filler , make this album a high 4-stars , instead of five , but definitely among the best of its type ever !
 Cream was formed in june of 1966 . The group consisted of 3 musicans
 Left Unsaid 's Album , 3 Degrees Lost , is one of the best new punk albums I have heard in a long time . Left Unsaid has an original sound , like no other band I have ever heard . I would compare them to a more well known band ... But there isnt a band out there that would compare with Left Unsaid . They are by far one of my favorite bands . This CD is highly recomended . Five Stars .
 All I have to say is , that 's my kid on the drums ! No matter what ; I love you Jeremy . This CD is fun listening for all punkers , and I suggest getting it before it 's no longer available , like Left Unsaid 's last CD , which is a gem ! They should have been HUGE !!! Rock on ...
 left unsaid . great band . cant find the album ? get it off itunes . They also have a new album called The Curse which is also really good . I recently heard this band is breaking up so hopefully isnt true . Either way , check out both of the albums . awesome band . enough said . enjoy .
 left unsaid was a great band . yes , was . They just did their last concert , and its too bad that they are gone , grab this cd asap .
 These guys really are great . Too bad they broke up before they could really big . they 're big but i mean REALLY big . I 'm planning on buying this album once i 'm not broke . I 've litened to thier free mp3s on mp3.com and they are really good . I look forward to the purchasing of this album .
 If your into good ol fast , poppy , catchy punk rock buy this cd !! I 've seen Left Unsaid play many times before & everytime it gets better and better !! This cd is pretty old & they really do n't play all the songs off this cd that much anymore . I think they play about 3 or 4 of them . I must say all their new stuff is the best I 've heard from them yet ! but , until their next cd comes out buy this one . You wo n't be dissapointed . If you like stuff like strung out , blink 182 , get up kids , unwritten law , face to face & and more you 'll love this cd !
 Left Unsaid is an amazing band with a lot of talent and the singing is great ! PDA and Bottle Rocket are great songs to sing along with . I hope they tour the east coast soon , I would love to see their show . Any punk fan should get this CD !
 This has to be one of the best albums that i have ever bought . Its got a mix of so many sounds that its great to listen to in any mood . The lyrics are catchy and the music only makes it better . definetely an album i would buy if you like the ataris , new found glory or unsung zeros .
 I 'd have to say this is one of the best cds ive heard in quite a while . Not only are the lyrics catchy , the music gives them a beat that makes you want to listen for hours . It grabs you , its more of a up beat punk sound . Not hardcore , but not slow . If you like The Atairs , Unsung Zeros , or Get Up Kids , you are guranteed to like this cd , its one of the best cds that i have bought . . If you arent sure , listen to PDA and Bottle Rocket , you 'll understand what im talking about . Enjoy Punk , liste much .
 this is one of my favorite cd 's hes like nobody ive ever heared before and thats what i like about him and not alot of people no abot him . like jarule evrybody knoes about him and he sucks a # @ . so if you like to be different and like good music i recomened you buy this cd its the shiznit jk
 Taboo is a great single , the better version being on track 3 . If you like this , you should hear more of the band and go to their website www.sophisticatedsavage.com
 This disc is a fine sampling of works for solo flute and flute and piano . Laurel Ann Maurer is one of the finest flautists today specializing in new music.Of special note on this recording is Augusta Read Thomas 's wonderfully evocative `` Angel Shadows '' and Lowell Liebermann 's energetic and very popular `` Sonata for Flute and Piano . '' The disc is beautifully played and contains some works well worth having in every music library .
 Initially released in March 99 , `` The Launch '' went on to be a huge crossover hit in many parts of the world . The lyrics are simply `` Get ready for the launch '' and `` 5,4,3,2,1,0 , ignition '' , but was produced to perfection . Its not what I 'd call trance so do n't assume I 'm basing it on that . Its similar to Klubbheads ' style , so if you like them , I 'm sure you will like this . The Original Mix is great , while the Yomanda mix on the UK CD is pretty good too . An interesting release , and I 'm glad it finally reached North American shores , where it could be a big tune .
 This is a classic trance song that always gets the party bumpin . Hold on tight 'cause you might lose yourself in this mindblowin ' countdown to ignition . you wont be able to stop yourself from movin ' .
 This is a great song ! When this song comes on at the clubs I hurry out to the dancefloor .
 I live in Ecuador , South America . . and have partyed at the most awesome places all over the country , even HERE the song is a HIT !!! when this song comes on it blows EVERYONE away ! This song WILL give you the chills and you wont stop movin ' !!!
 This track always makes the floor blow up when I spin it . Everyweek that I DJ , someone comes to the booth and asks what it is . Plus there are many remixes , which make it great .
 There 's something in the water in Boston and this year The Red Chord have proved it by following up last year 's Boston hardcore/metal masterpieces -LRB- Converge 's Jane Doe and American Nightmare 's Background Music -RRB- with a tech metal album that is both accessible and fun yet still innovative . Combining the best aspects of death metal , grind , and hardcore , The Red Chord deliver a disemboweling nine song , thirty minute time signature juggling expose . Incomprehensibly fast and original drumming , technical riffing , and some of the best Godzilla impressions in years are all present . The Red Chord have raised the bar for technical metal on their first release , an astounding feat to say the least . Metalheads , expect to hear much more from this little known band in the future .
 This is one of the fastest most insane pieces of grindcore fury I have ever heard . The thing that seperates this band from all the other grind bands is this band 's songs are a little bit longer and they incorporate brutal death vocals -LRB- this band is not goregrind though -RRB- . Also they throw in a few hardcore elements , and this band is really popular in the hardcore scene . Do n't be fooled though this is n't tough guy hardcore , screamo , or anything like that , this is more like grind-metal played by hardcore kids . There is n't that many breakdowns on this CD but when they do break down it sounds unbelievable due to the overall fast intense pace of the rest of the cd . I look forward to future releases by this band , and their future looks good , as they just got signed to Metal Blade records . This is highly recommended for fans of Pig Destroyer , Agoraphobic Nosebleed , Converge , Premonitions of War , On Broken Wings , or anyone who loves fast intense music that makes you want to punch people in the face .
 Ok , far too many people dish out 5 star ratings to everything they 've ever seen , this is stupid , and annoying , and does n't allow people reading the reviews to get any idea of the rating system .4 stars is the most i 've ever given in a review before ... 4 stars = superior to others in it 's Genre.This Cd is n't just something you put on because you like a specific song , this cd is a musical experience , like sitting down to watch a movie , you do n't select your favourite scene before you 've experience the whole show.It explodes into riff chaos , drummers arms flailing around , vocal chords get smashed against a wall and dragged along a grater . This is brutal , after the initial explosion , rythm takes control , and pushes forward into the first song . Each song explodes and cascades across a jagged metal landscape , but they indulge into real diversity within and inbetween each song , calming down for ambient brakes and tense build ups , un-predictable , with no hooks , just good , honest , metal.Words are rubbish , they 're someone elses opinion , i recommend the cd , support smaller bands .
 The Red Chord can be described as Grindcore/Metal . Although usually mostly grindcore influenced . Also have some Jazz influenced parts , like The Dillinger Escape Plan.To an untrained ear , It may sound like just noise with spastic drumming , and guitar all over the place , but that is in a sense what Grindcore is . This album is extremely technical , and you will find yourself amazed at their brilliance in their songwriting.This album -LRB- To me -RRB- is better than the follow-up , Clients . It contains more memorable moments , and variety , where as Clients is bland compared to `` Fused Together ... `` Any , some of the people who reviewed this album , are not very educated when it comes to bands such as The Red Chord . They are NOT Hardcore , or Death Metal . IF you are into stuff like that , Forget buying this album.Nihilist : Begins with a straightforward grindcore passage , progresses into a more `` hardcore '' sounding chord progression . -LRB- Thats for the red chord , and is by no means `` hardcore '' -RRB- Anyway , pretty fast technical song . This Re-release also contains a Live version of this song , which I highly recommend , just because the way they start it out . `` Hi , were the Red Chord , this next songs called ... '' Immediately starts the song.Ends with an awesome Jazz chord progression.That Certain Special Ugly : Kind of minor sounding guitar harmonies begin the song following a sample of a spinning top . Progresses into more `` red chord '' style grindcore . Pretty metal influenced song.Catalepsy : One of my favorites of this album . Very metal influenced with alot of pinch harmonics . Guy , the vocalist does alot of Low vocals , which is his specialty . The ending is amazing , if any point this album gets close to death metal , its the end of this song . Contains a BREAKDOWN , amazingly . The Red Chord is the only band that can manage to play a `` breakdown '' and not bore you to death with a simple ass monotonus formula.Like A Train Through A Pidgeon : Probably one of my favorite song titles of all time . Once again , this song is genre defying , and can not be labeled as one specific genre . Contains one of the high points of the album where Guy growls the line `` Am I dying or just waking up . `` He Was Stretching , And Then He Climbed Up There : This song is , for the most part an interlude/transition to the next song , clocking around 2 minutes . Contains hardly any drums , mostly creepy sounding guitars , and vocal effects , Guy uses the effect `` bitcrusher '' I believe . Provides a good transition into the next song.Breed The Cancer : Continues where `` he was stretching . . '' leaves off , slowly begins a transition into more grindcore and blastbeats . Then transitions into a metal sounding riff . Has great lyrics.L Formation : Probably the albums most technical song . Guitar riffs/drumbeats change every few seconds . At around 30 seconds it goes into one of the only melodic pieces on the albums . No singing however , but the guitar is clean and melodic , its a very nice change from the rest of the album . The guitar then does something very cool , A prog Jazz transition into the next riff , while still clean , and a blastbeat . You just have to hear it to see how brilliant it is.Dreaming In Dog Years : Ahh , probably the most `` popular '' song from this record ... thats not saying much however . Very metal influenced in some parts , and very grindcore in some other parts . This is one of the Red Chord 's most famous live songs , where the end turns into a huge dogpile , `` It 's not gon na be alright , It 's not gon na be okay . `` This song is amazing when seen live.Sixteen Bit Fingerprint : I never got into this song , but It 's a good song nonetheless . Serves as a good ending to the record , although I wished that it would 've ended more dramatically , In my opinion , Dreaming In Dog Years would 've ended it better . This song does it well though , with some clean Jazz parts Almost like `` L Formation '' Ends with more `` bitcrusher '' sounding effects , most likely made with vocals.Overall , If your into technical metal influenced grindcore , this album is for you . One of the best of its kind , and probably hard to top by even The Red Chord themselves , `` Clients '' was n't as good .
 The Red Chord is the best band on earth . This album is brutal as hell , you ca n't go wrong with this one . Fused Together In Revolving Doors , get it !
 I bought The Red Chord 's debut album `` Fused Together in Revolving Doors '' at Best Buy for $ 11.99 when I was down in Eau Claire , and I really like it alot . Personally I find this album alot better than their follow up `` Clients '' . FTIRD is a pure ferocious blistering technical grindcore/death metal assault that will just beat you to a bloody pulp . They also have hardcore influences as well , but they are far from being hardcore or metalcore . This album is chock full of deadly vocals , ferocious technical grinding guitar riffs , vicious breakdowns , and sick intense drumming . Guy Kozowyk 's growling vocals are just brutal and deadly as hell . Guitarists Mike McKenzie -LRB- who does backing vocals -RRB- and Kevin Rampelberg lay down a barrage of monster grinding riffs that slice and dice through your skin like a razorblade . Adam Wentworth 's bass lines are good and very deep . Mike Justian 's drumming is absolutely sick and intense . Plenty of vicious piledriving blast beats and nasty double bass throughout.The first song `` Nihilist '' opens the album with a barrage of grinding guitars , jackhammering blast beats , and Guy 's sick growling vocals come into play without warning . This song is very heavy and intense throughout , and it 's my favorite song on the album . The second track `` That Certain Special Ugly '' is more mid tempo with more hypnotic riffs , while the next two tracks `` Catalepsy '' and `` Like a Train Through a Pigeon '' come back at you fast with more rampaging drums and speeding guitars . Other standouts including `` L Formation '' and `` Dreaming in Dog Years '' -LRB- which is one of the band 's most popular songs -RRB- keep the sheer ferocious aggression going.The songs and the ratings :1 . Nihilist - 5/5 -LRB- Favorite song -RRB- 2 . That Certain Special Ugly - 5/53 . Catalepsy - 5/54 . Like a Train Through a Pigeon - 5/55 . He Was Stretching , And Then He Climbed Up There - 4/56 . Breed The Cancer - 5/57 . L Formation - 5/58 . Dreaming in Dog Years - 5/59 . Sixteen Bit Fingerprint - 5/510 . Jar Full of Bunny Parts -LRB- Bonus demo -RRB- - 5/511 . Better Judgement -LRB- Bonus demo -RRB- - 5/5Overall this album is an absolute must have for any fan of The Red Chord , metal , grindcore , death metal , or just extreme heavy music in general . If you 're new to this band , I suggest you start off with this album first . Anyways I hope you 'll all enjoy it just like I ` am right now . STAY EXTREME !! STAY HEAVY !! STAY METAL !! LONG LIVE THE RED CHORD !!
 I have n't been into grindcore for that long and the first grind or grind-sounding band I ever listened to was The Red Chord . I heard `` Dreaming in Dog Years '' on a friends cd and immedietly grew an attraction to this strange , yet appealing sound of almost ` spastic ' metal , fused with elements of hardcore -LRB- yes they have hardcore INFLUENCES ; does not mean they are a hardcore band because they are far from it -RRB- , and of course , grindcore . This album is plain brutal . Mix insanely fast guitaring with precise drumming and deathly-low vocals and you 've got one hell of a record , sure to blow the ears off Atreyu or Avenged Sevenfold fans.It 's a pity Clients was n't as good as this . Do n't get me wrong , I love it and still listen to it on a regular basis but it seems alot more formulated , and at some stages even run-of-the-mill . If you want to hear The Red Chord at their best , buy this album . You 're in for one hell of a listen .
 Yes the more emoish metalcore is becoming so `` trendy '' but that 's cool , just as long as they 're good , but for AMAZING metalcore , Red Chord is where it is at . This nine-song masterpiece ends in just under half hour and delivers some of the most intelligent compositions heavy music has heard . Sometimes so backwards that you ca n't even tell what 's going and other times so bone-crushing that you have to step away from the speakers for fear of your life , but no matter what the riffs work together perfectly through each song . The guitarist is incredible . The drumming is superb as well , with lots of quick time changes and riffs that are played once , the man on the throne keeps it together and flowing . All in all this is great for fans of truly talented music and should be in your CD collection . BUY IT !
 from the moment the first track begins this record promises to keep you entertained . every song has its own personality , though this is a metal/grind/hardcore hybrid in its truest form . though there is n't much variation in terms of jumping from genre to genre , there is quite a bit of range jumping from sub-genre to sub-genre . there is no formula to any of the tracks on this record , and to be honest it 's a breath of fresh air . each track goes through several different phases ranging from pummeling blast beats to insanely heavy beatdowns all the way to the occasional clean guitar melodic interlude . dont get me wrong , there is n't any `` Singing '' or anything on this record , its just pure intensity for the most part . i also enjoy the fact that there is an amazing amount of technicality but nothing is too forced , the drumming is almost perfect . he can use polyrhythms quite well , but can quickly go back to tight syncopation with crunching guitars . the highlight of the album to me is the vocals , everything from high pitched screams to some of the most solid deep growls i have heard in a while . and Guy 's lyrics also offer something a little different than everything else out there , discussing everything from video games and our superficial culture to `` guys playing the sensitivity card to get some '' discussed in `` L Formation . '' there are also the typical bloody and death lyrics , but they are n't over the top , in fact they are placed almost perfectly and remain quite coherent throughout the record . this record is a great alternative to much of the boring , overrated music found in the grindcore , hardcore , and death metal genres . get this record if you are interested in listening to something that offers a more intelligent approach to heavy music .
 This cd is definitely one of the heaviest , most brutal in my collection . Im not exactly sure what these guys are classified as , but I would say they are closer to death metal than hardcore . the vocalist constantly switches between a deep , low growl and a throaty , hardcore style scream . the music itself is blazingly fast and punishing , with blast beats and breakdowns galore . they also put on an amazing live show . my only problem with this album is the filler track -LRB- i think its # 5 -RRB- . its slow and kind of kills the albums momentum . its the only reason i couldnt give the album 5 stars . but FTiRD is still more than worth picking up
 Great great grindcore slash metalcore slash hardcore or what have you . Starts off with a bang and never lets up . Theres not a single bad track on it.Think of Dillinger Escape Plan meets Cannibal Corpse meets Eighteen Visions meets a ton of other cool ass bands.There are some nice throaty belches and some melodic guitar riffs too.Highly Recommended
 Okay im going to keeep this short & simple okay ? Buy it now ! Awsome brutal songs & original lirycs ! Dont think twice just buy it now !
 I ca n't stand all that hardcore and metalcore and emocore etc. . . I personally , hate how its trendy to listing to metalcore now such bands ? avenged sevenfols , bleedingthrought , atreyu so and so forth and now you see those bands with slipknot and korn even slayer too . I hope and wish that the mainstream will burn in hell and die very slowly because it is ruining the whole purpose of bands that should be kept underground . I quess , thats why i like my bands to be unknown and kept underground ! Now , red chord is nothing close to those stupid bands because well they have what we call talent ? Yes ! In this generic time with all the bands trying to sound the same and all alike `` trendy '' it is freshing to hear and see a band like red chord that stands on their own . Fused together in revolving doors is a showcase of pure brutal as well technical and thrashy sound and for some one who dispese hardcore music and hardcore vocals and metalcore i 'll say this ... Red chord , deserves your support ! Stay underground !
 Okay if you are wondering if you should get this album this is what you will hear in this one a heavier red chord that you could called them being more gindcore than in clients and prey for eyes.I tought i heard it all from the red chord but this album was awesome it 's heavier than their other two albums.Many people called them grindcore but if you want grindcore you will find it in this album their other albums are more deathcore.What will make you get this album well like i said before you will expect a heavier red chord that you can called them more grincore this is the best they have put out so get it it 's frickin great !
 Oh , how I enjoy the music of The Red Chord . Everything this band has released has left an impression in my mind , but the album that stands out the most by them is their debut album , `` Fused Together In Revolving Doors '' . The songwriting skills are just mindblowing , with spastic changes of interludes and chaotic grindcore blasts . Guy Kozowyk , man , you ca n't match that guy to any other vocalist . Guitars are outstanding , along with the drumming . If there is any song this band should win an award for , it 's `` Dreaming In Dog Years '' . Listening to that song will change your life like it did for me.Technical metal/grind fans , you need this . No album will match up to `` Fused Together '' . Not even `` Clients '' , which is an awesome album as well .
 The Red Chord is one of the few Grindcore bands with actual TALENT . Well , at least they were on this album . Their new sound isnt exactly Grindcore -LRB- listen to the album `` Clients '' -RRB- . This album is like a piece of artwork ; hard to understand , makes you think , you can identify with it and if the colors are right for you 're mood , then its hard for you to remove yourself from its entrancing aura . In my opinion that is the perfect way to discribe this album . The lyrical themes on this album are very unique . Ive never really seen a band work childhood themes into their lyrics . The album has a good combination of nihilism based lyrics and childhood themed ones . The vocals are also very ... odd . But not in a bad way . I 've never heard anything like them before , and its pleasent to hear something new happening with a band . This is just a great album.With that being said , I would like to state that if you do NOT like Grindcore , or bands like Pig Destroyer , Cirlce of Dead Children and Brutal Truth then DONT waste your time with this album and DONT bother listening to it .
 The first time i heard these guys was a `` Dreaming in Dog Years '' sample on the frontpage of Metalblade.com , the last break-down looped a few times . Instantly i was like HOLY F * CK , this is brutal ! Guy Kozowyk -LSB- vocals -RSB- writes about his memories working in a convienance store which just so happened to be next to a mental hospital , he does this more on there latest release `` Clients . '' Needless to say an anti-prescription drug advocate not only makes this revolutionary and unique Metalcore act but it also makes for some disturbing , brutal , grind lyrics . Anyway , Guy Kozowyk -LSB- vocals -RSB- recently launched his own record label called `` Black Market Activities '' and has release music from popular Grind and Metalcore acts such as Animosity , Ed Gein , and From a Second Story Window . If you like these bands or any kind of Grind , Thrash , Metalcore you will probably love if not obsess over this band . At any rate this is definetly what i 'd consider a Timeless Grindcore Classic you can can bring home and share with the wife and kids !
 I downloaded Dreaming in Dog Years about a week ago now , just to get a sample of these guys . It starts with a little drum beat , very soft , quite innocent . Just before the fastest vocals I 've heard explode from my speakers . It 's no exaggeration to say that I actually jumped . It was just what I 'd been looking for . These guys have some of the heaviests songs ever written , but still keep an intelligence about them that is welcome . They even manage to be catchy . Just see if your not singing `` It 's not gon na be allright , and it 's not gon na be OK '' to your local corner shop owner as you buy your morning mag . Highlights are
 Yes i feel strong about calling , red-chord 's `` fused together in revolving doors '' a masterpiece because its without a doubt exectly that and it will not dissapoint you , at all . I 've listing to all the songs and it has everything from thrash to death vocal styles and hardcore mix in just one album . Worth the purchase !
 The guys from red chord are realy talented and has the most original and unigue sound , yet . After seeing red chord live with a life once lost , and far before the march of flames ... I was quite blown away . Every thing from thrash to hardcore , and deathmetal/hardcore like vocals . I recommend .
 One of the best albums i 've ever purchased . Hopefully their follow up -LRB- comin out in jan 05 -RRB- is just as good . Heavy , not to mention catchy as all hell . You will find yourself singing `` dreaming in dog years '' over and over again in your head till it explodes in a giant ball of flame . Buy it . Go see them live , great live too . You wo n't be dissappointed . If you are , go jump off of a bridge .
 I heard this band for the first time on Xtreme Metal Radio at live365.com . This is pure metal aggression for the ears . There is not a bad song on the entire album . As the metal fan from the UK stated . `` words are rubbish '' that is so true . Experience this band for yourself . Pick up this album !
 ... If you love extremy music strictly , with a beyond mediocre or average sound -- red-chord 's `` fused together in revolving doors '' is your pick . Here , you 've every thing from deathmetal to grind and a lil thrash and melodis that rimends you of that first metallica albums which makes this a masterpiece . I truly love guy 's vocals from screaming to deep grow and darn right insane at times . Well , my favorite track here is `` dreaming in dog years '' kinda has a jazzy feeling then the chaos begins making this brilliant with the insane vocals of Guy kozowyk -- quite a refreshing sound . For any one into music that has every espect of sounds almost ambient with alot of chaotic moments .
 Wow ! What a noisy CD ! And I love it . These guys are so heavy and technical . I heard of these guys through my band 's singer . So i decided to pick it up . Ever since then , I 've become a fan of these guys.Anyways , these guys draw comparsions to Cephalic Carnage or Dillinger Escape Plan . However , while not nearly as technical as those two , are a lot more heavier than them . The first track `` Nilihst '' -LRB- however you spell it -RRB- , begins with a bang with blast beats , insane guitars , gutteral vocals that remind me of Cannibal Corpse . This album is filled with massive breakdowns , and just straight up heavy mosh music . `` That Certain Special Ugly '' begins with some weird computer typing noise . Then it gets into weird riffs and slow drums . Then ten minutes after , full on death metal . Think Dillinger gone death metal . Pure intense music.My fav . is `` Dreaming in Dog Years '' . It goes in and out from slow to super fast . The last 30 seconds of the song will make anyone go crazy as the singer is growling `` It 's not gon na be alright , it 's not gon na be okay . '' Definitely will incite a huge circle pit.Anyways fans of Cephalic Carnage , Dillinger Escape Plan , Converge , maybe even Cannibal Corpse will love this . With the Boston hardcore scene getting big -LRB- Unearth just signed to Metal Blade , etc. -RRB- I see big things for The Red Chord . If you 're into fast , technical heavy music , pick up this cd .
 This cd is to your ears , like a meat cleaver is to hamburger meat . They take you in , mess you up , and leave you beaten half to death . Blending the destructive chaos of grind and the mosh of hardcore , they are a band to be noticed . There is so much energy in this cd that its unstable , it feels like at any moment you may explode into pieces . The vocals deep and abrasive , relentless with crushing your ear drums . The percussion is of reasonable technicality , hard hitting and off-beat rhythyms . The guitars are blasting with innovation , tearing streams of chords coming at you with the force of a thousand trains . This cd is not to be missed ...
 This is one of the best cds ive heard in a long time . Although techically metalcore , this band could pass as a very good death metal band very easily . Very talented band that is worth checking out if your into metalcore or death metal either one . It will please fans of both genres .
 just a few words you need to hear about this album - `` brutal and amazing metal ''
 The Red Chord , who combine elements of grindcore , hardcore , and technical metal , are probably one of the new millennium 's finest death metal bands . They 're so heavy , it 's doubtful that they will ever be a commercially accessible band , even though heavy metal 's popularity boom in 2004 -LRB- their debut was conveniently re-released that year -RRB- helped make The Red Chord much better known . `` Fused Together in Revolving Doors , '' the group 's first album was originally released in 2002 , and re-released two years later . The second voclalist , Mike McKenzie , releases some high pitched yells and shrieks which bring to mind The Dillinger Escape Plan , but -LRB- lead vocalist -RRB- Guy Kozowyk 's bellows are so deep and gruff , he most of the time echoes Chris Barnes -LRB- from Six Feet Under -RRB- . Occasionally , as in track six -LRB- `` Breed the Cancer '' -RRB- the two vocalists trade off verses , and make the song sound like it was lifted from a Black Dahlia Murder demo . But the vocals are n't the only thing that make `` Fused Together '' heavy . The guitarists play one dominating , blowtorch riff after another , and the drummer -LRB- Brad Fickeisen -RRB- drives the rhythms , with jackhammer drums -LRB- i.e. `` Nihilist '' -RRB- , pounding , cascading blast beats -LRB- `` Catalepsy '' and `` Dreaming In Dog Years '' -RRB- , and thunderous , rapid-fire double bass work -LRB- `` Like A Train Through A Pigeon '' -RRB- . The explosive `` L Formation '' is another standout track , with more great , lightning fast drumming and scorching guitars . The two demos at the end have a lot worse sound quality than the nine tracks that came before them , but these two songs -LRB- `` Jar Full Of Bunny Parts '' and `` Better Judgement '' -RRB- are very hardcore and have monstrous vocals . Track five , `` He Was Stretching , And Then He Climbed Up There '' -LRB- a song that 's as weird as its title -RRB- offers the only relief of the whole album -LRB- it has light , dwindling guitar strings and non-threattening hand percussion -RRB- . But most of `` Fused Together in Revolving Doors '' is brutal and relentless , but even more satisfying . By album 's end , the listener feels clobbered -- yet very pleased .
 i dont care what they list this band , this band is a straight Death/Grind Metal Bandhyper ass blast beats accompanied by major head banging break downsi reccomend this cd for any fan of death metal or any metal fan who just wants to listen to some brutal sounding musicThis band is NOT HARDCORE , this is some straight technical Death Metal . and i loove it
 Pretty much anything by The Red Chord is worth buying . I recently saw them live and they put on an amazing show and sound unbelievable . This and all albums to come are amazing .
 Along with genious like btbam i highly recommend every to check out the chord and their album `` fused together in revolving doors '' because the whole album is full of songs that are original and very intense as well . If you like hardcore , thrash , speed metal & hardcore vocals switching to deep growling death vocals ? Then you need the redchord . Highly recommended .
 Red chord is from my hometown boston and i seen them live once before any one knew about them with burnt by the sun but no body belives me ... Anyways , when i first heard fused together in revolving doors it blew me away and made me stop listining to bands like between the buried & me along with burnt by the sun & dillinger escape plan not that i dont listing to them still but nvm . . Just , buy it ok ? its an amazing album with an extra disc that has other bands from difirent record lebals ... Well , if you want something that has an revolutionary sound ... Just buy it !!
 This is one of those groups that makes you want to buy ALL their stuff halfway through the disc . When you listen , it makes you say `` Damn ! '' I saw them live and each track sounds just as complex and intense . Danny P does n't overdub , and he 's also the guitarist for Phunk Junkeez now . I ca n't believe how he can do all of those one-handed solos without missing a note.I know it can be hard to find their stuff , so grab it now - before you have to be hunting all over ebay to track it down .
 I am so glad i found this band . They are cutting edge underground music . Definately not the normal stuff i hear on radio and not another poor independent band . I like this cd better than their first one -LRB- i had to buy both -RRB- ... a great find !
 I remember these guy 's back in 1991 as Young Guns then in 1994 as Scarcuscuput , and now as Surf Ballistics with each band they evolve into something better . A must have for anyone that enjoy 's band with real talent .
 This is one of those groups that makes you want to buy ALL their stuff halfway through the disc . When you listen , it makes you say `` Damn ! '' I saw them live and each track sounds just as complex and intense . Danny P does n't overdub , and he 's also the guitarist for Phunk Junkeez now . I ca n't believe how he can do all of those one-handed solos without missing a note.I know it can be hard to find their stuff , so grab it now - before you have to be hunting all over ebay to track it down .
 i enjoy listening to this band . they have a great sound ... i put them on right before i have to go to work it pumps me up and makes me forget who i am ! not to mention the lead singer looks like leonardo dicaprio on crack ... . yummy
 i have to admit i was a bit skeptical at first , but a friend told me i just had to buy this c.d. . . i did and i just love it ! i especially like the guitarist , he 's so good , wish i could see him live just thrusting that guitar of his all over his body ... and his fingers have just got to amazing ... wonder if he 's bi ?
 Normally I 'm not a Blues listener , but when I heard this CD , I immediately bought it . Also , I 'm giving one to each of my sons in their stocking this Christmas . It made me want to buy more of Terry Evans ' music . In fact , I might purchase a few more to give as gifts .
 I 'm a blues fan and thoroughly enjoyed this album , particularly the cut `` Get Your Lies Straight '' . Powerful .
 This album is the BOMB ! For those of you who love the group `` Slave '' , you 'll want to get this . Aurra is a spin-off from the group with the same expected funk-groove . I 'd been looking for this album for years . BIG PROPS TO AMAZON.COM !!!
 A worn stylus ruined my first aurra album , I 'm so glad to get it again on CD before it becomes no longer available.These songs are truly a classic .
 `` Are You Single '' has the best base line I 've yet to hear today , and I 'm 44 . That track alone is worth whatever amount you pay for the project . My cassette melted in 1980 and I have just now found my replacement in 2004 ! THANK YOU
 My friend back in England bought the album way back then , and this group was certainly one of the hard soul bands of the 80 `` s. I just love it . I dedicate this album to all the soul heads in London .
 A worn stylus ruined my first aurra album , I 'm so glad to get it again on CD before it becomes no longer available.These songs are truly a classic .
 Guitarist supreme Hiram Bullock , bassist Will Lee , keyboardist Clifford Carter and drummer Steve Jordan , all incredible New York session players in the 1970 's , joined together to record original what was then called `` fusion '' - a combination of rock and jazz . They were big in Japan and so the CDs are Japanese . The cover gives away their true location , 24th Street in New York , as it is an old NY subway token . -LRB- I think the rides were around 25-50 cents then . -RRB- The whole band wrote and sang . You can hear one of the songs , `` Full Time Love '' on youtube at http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw1XJ62CWGE . The rhythm section of the band went on to join with keyboardist Paul Shaffer when David Letterman needed a band for his new late night show in 1982 . Bassist Will Lee is still with the Letterman show . Sadly , Hiram Bullock died in 2008 . This album is a collector 's item of the highest magnitude .
 Amazon 's tracklisting for this CD is wrong , although the product description is correct . This is the CD2 of the set , not the 2 track CD1.This single has one of the best covers of any GA single - the girls look fabulous and the idea is really cool.Here is the correct tracklisting and rundown :01 . Long Hot Summer -LSB- Radio Edit -RSB- `` Long Hot Summer '' is generally considered one of GA 's weaker singles . In my opinion , it 's one of their best . I love it ! It 's funky , fun , upbeat and very smummery . It was released in August , so it came out at the right time . Nadine and Cheryl lead this track with some vocals from Nicola . A very catchy chorus is also included . I ca n't see why this song is panned , it 's great ! -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 02 . Long Hot Summer -LSB- Benitez Beats Mix -RSB- Benitez do not do good remixes . Their remixes are terrible . They 're so boring and do not add to the song at all . It 's no different in the remix for LHS . The song is way better in it 's original form . Skip this remix , it 's boring . -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- 03 . Real Life -LSB- Live at the Hammersmith Apollo -RSB- I was almost going to give this single 3 stars but I remembered how great `` Real Life '' was on the 2005 tour , so I kept it at 4 . This is indeed a great live track from the girls ' first tour . The original song is more poppy , but they made it into a Latin infused track for the tour . It 's very good too , the song is a lot catchier -LRB- and it 's pretty catchy to begin with -RRB- in this version . Great . -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 04 . Long Hot Summer -LSB- Video -RSB- The video is one of the things that did keep this single at 4 stars . This is GA 's hottest video in terms of how the girls look - they are smoking ! This video is set in a garage where the girls are working on cars . It gets hot , so they take a break and strip off to tiny outfits . Then they do a sexy dance routine . It 's a hot video and one of GA 's best . -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- The video is backed up with a karaoke version of it and a game.Overall , this single was kept from a lower rating because of the live song and the video . I would have liked a b-side though . 4 stars .
 An excellent new album from Fela 's legendary drummer ! Tony Allen 's still swinging hard , in a heavy afro funk groove that sounds a lot like his 70s work -- with great electric keyboards , tight guitars , and some very nice flanged-out vocals . The drumming is nice and tight -- but with a freer edge that mixes elements from the older work with a dubby spacey approach that recalls rhythms of groups like Can or Cymande ! Titles include `` Asiko '' , `` Get Together '' , `` Black Voices '' , `` The Same Blood '' , and remixes of `` Asiko '' and `` Black Voices '' .
 and he puts so much of himself into his music . very very skilled ... though I remember when he would sing some ... I 'd like to see that dimension added again .
 Dominic Duval 's CT String Quartet pulls off another off the cuff , but more thematic work that finds a new space between 12 tone and free jazz . The four musicians deliver highly inspired solos and the result is a modern string quartet classic .
 Provided that Pyramid is heard , then it will be a modern string quartet classic . Duval and company lay out different and ever shifting layers of music that terrify and bewilder the listener to the point of how do they do this ? The reward is a punishing thematic piece that lays out new territory between modern classicism and jazz , where some terrifying solos result .
 Duval and company knock out something special on this recording . An improvised theme runs throughout the cd the leads the musicians into fascinating and terrifying solos . Pyramid finds some new and interesting territory that fills a space between improvisation and modern 12 tone classicism . Under the Pyramid should be destined to be a modern string quartet classic .
 Passion Street is a cracking single from former Dr Hook vocalist Dennis Locorriere . The close harmony backing vocals & Dennis 's spoken intro instantly remind you of the `` old band '' while retaining a fresh , crisp sound . Well wort checking out -LRB- as is the album -RRB- .
 I thought this one of Azalia Snails better albums . Not as good as deep motif , but it is very well worth listening to . Many people would be baffled by her music , but I find it enchanting and very nice to listen to .
 I first had the U.S. edition with the bonus remix of `` Body Language '' not on any EMI versions . Domestic ones always have too many reviews , so I put this one here . The remixes are unavailable outside North America officially , so it 's paydirt for bootleggers , so we have an advantage over the other countries , even the UK.Their last Elektra release in the U.S. , Canada -LRB- I have this LP -RRB- , Japan , Australia , and New Zealand .
 Granted , for anyone even slightly familiar with Queen 's music , `` Hot Space '' would probably not be a wise first purchase for a fan just starting their collection but it is a great c.d. It 's a bit eclectic with jazzy tunes like `` Staying Power '' and `` Cool Cat '' , new wave sounds -LRB- `` Calling All Girls '' -RRB- , and typical Queen rockers such as `` Put Out The Fire '' and `` Action This Day '' . `` Las Palabras De Amor '' and `` Under Pressure '' -LRB- with David Bowie -RRB- are probably the strongest pieces . The only song I really do n't care for is `` Body Language '' . The tune itself is forgettable and the lyrics are not that clever . I realize `` Hot Space '' is n't for everyone but give it a listen and decide for yourself .
 This was the last album in the U.S. , Canada -LRB- I have the LP -RRB- , Australia , New Zealand , and Japan to be released by Elektra/wea . This album is quite a curveball from the usual . Most people wished they 'd go back to their old `` no synthesisers '' policy and do straight rock again . There was no turning back now .
 For a long time , I did n't listen to this album at all , because I had a bad first impression . Then I took on a rather ambitious , if not exactly productive , project and forced myself to listen to the whole thing . That was when I realized what a jewel I was missing . It 's still not my favorite album , -LRB- I have no idea which album holds that title , but it 's definatly a Queen album -RRB- but it is more than worthwhile . Highlights of the album are the first three tracks , -LRB- Staying Power , Dancer , and Backchat -RRB- , Calling All Girls , Las Palabras De Amor
 First of all , I have to say that I do n't like disco music . Well , I 've bought this album and I do n't think I 've made a mistake . I must admit that there is some I do n't agree with -LRB- Body language - Freddie , what were you thinking about ! -RRB- but , besides Under pressure , Put out the fire and Las palabras de amor , some songs are real good stuff , such as Back chat and Life is real . Moreover , everybody has to admit that the songs are not skunky disco stuff , because in them there is a lot of hidden good ole rock .
 Amazon forgive me for this P.S. ! Bear in mind the R&B flavor of this album , plus the bias toward Deacon 's songs came from the HUGE success of `` Another One Bites the Dust '' from their previous album . This song went to number one on the Pop and R&B charts , and silent Mr. D had the honors . Mercury obviously saw it as a front-running trend -LRB- which truly it was ! think about it , what rocker in '82 was doing funk besides Prince ? -RRB- , and went with it in a major way . What a phenominal slice of Mercurial youth , vigor and passion ! Clean , crisp and quick - much like Jazz . Jazz , The Game and Hot Space , were virtually one LP , much as were Sheer Heart Attack , Night at the Opera and Day at the Races . Mercury had periods , just as other great writers.Man , I wish he had n't died .
 This album documents Queen 's last album as a confident band . After this , everything changes , and they start doing stuff to please others rather than themselves . They would never , for instance , produce a pop classic like `` Calling All Girls . '' The muddied production that scars the rest of their albums , as well as quoting their own songs , is not present on Hot Space . Sure , there 's wimpy electronic drums , but there is on Prince albums , too . It 's the songs that are strong , and they 're not afraid to do funky stuff , following thier bliss . I abhore the revisionist Brian May , going on about how he hated doing the funky stuff . Listen to his solo on `` Back Chat . '' I really think this album is a document of a band at a crossroads . Fans who have listed to Greatest Hits and likes it should by this album well before Innuendo , The Miracle , and Made in Heaven .
 QUEEN HAVE THEIR OWN STYLE OF MUSIC AND THATS WHAT GOT THEM TO THE TOP IN THE FIRST PLACE . SO PEOPLE WHO CA N'T SING , CA N'T WRITE SONGS , PLAY AN INSTRUMENT AND PERFORM LIVE HAD BETTER SHUT THIER MOUTHE BECAUSE QUEEN GAVE IT THEIR ALL AND THATS WHAT WE ALL GOT AND PEOPLE SHOULD APPRECIATE IT ! KEEP IN MIND FREDDIE WAS DYING OF AIDS . SO STOP BEING SO DAMN CRITICAL.THIS IS A FIVE + + + + +
 This might be a very surprising album to those who know Queen as a rock band , though capable of some ballads and a bit of pop . Weel , in this album they dared to show a completely different face of their magnificent repertory , which eventually was a complete failure , mainly in the US.The tracks in this album show , mainly , a disco-funky sound that is unique in Queen 's discography -LRB- in the 90 's they released the dance-floor hit `` You Do n't Fool Me '' , which was , in fact , made to be present in this `` Hot Space '' album , but they thought it would be too `` disco '' to those times when there was an anti-disco mood -RRB- . However , songs like `` Under Pressure '' or `` Las Palabras de Amor '' were great hits worldwide -LRB- the first one was surely one of Queen 's top hits of all time ! -RRB- `` Stayin ' Power '' is a funky song , which I found rather fine . The funky style continues with `` Dancer '' , a weaker track , and `` Back Chat '' , one of the best tracks of the album , also with a funky sound . One thing that most people do n't know and is quite interesting is that Michael Jackson used the funky-rock in `` Hot Space '' to make , one year after , his huge sucess album , `` Thriller '' . He once said that `` Hot Space '' , which was a failure to Queen , was one of the albums that most influenced `` Thriller '' , which is , yet today , the most-selled album of all times ! Ironic , is n't it?But this album has more surprises ... There is a beautiful music in tribute to John Lennon -LRB- Beatle fans should like it , as it talks about their most charismatic element -RRB- , `` Life Is Real '' ; `` Put out the fire '' is a warning about the belic power of guns and rage ; `` Cool cat '' is a moving ballad sung in a falsetto voice -LRB- well , everyone knows that Freddie Mercury had one of the most strong voices the world has ever heard -RRB- ... `` Under Pressure '' , of course , does n't need to be introduced ... As it was an unforgettable duet with David Bowie , with a great videoclip supporting it.So , please , STOP saying bad things about this album , as it contains great musics , shows Queen in its greatness and variety of styles -LRB- Queen was the most ecletic band of all times , maybe -RRB- and was a complete breakthru in musical style , proving that Queen was , and still is , one of the biggest bands of all time
 Please , for your own safety , dont listen to this album without listening to Queen or QueenII . That might ruin your impression of the gretest band in the world . This album is so exceptionally bad it turns right around and becomes good . These songs are so horribly un-Queenlike , i was rolling around on the floor laughing . Now if you 'll excuse me , im going to dance around the room to staying power ...
 I had this on LP back when it was released in the USA . And back then , I did n't really like it . I thought it was too much a departure from Queen 's `` trademark '' sound . But some of the stuff really got to me . Especially on side 2 -LRB- tracks 6-11 -RRB- . But , since I bought this CD , it has grown on me more and more and I found in retrospect Hot Space is n't a bad album . I think you have to think of it in terms of what another reviewer had pointed out -- Queen was probably looking at what `` hip '' on the music scene ... which was funky , dancable tunes with electronic rhythms and synths.Most of the least desirable songs from this album is on the first half of this disc -LRB- tracks 1-5 -RRB- . The worst one being `` Back Chat '' . Staying Power -LRB- w / special acknowledgement to Arif Madrin -RRB- , displays this funky feeling with artificial horns as well as real ones . The next track , `` Dancin '' is the second of the `` heavy '' tracks on the album with a dance beat and wailing guitars . Back Chat - as mentioned before , is one of the weak tracks off the album -LRB- or the weakest one of Side 1 -RRB- . Written by Deacon , the song just does n't come off as powerful as it could be . The second worst track , and probably Mercury 's worst writing effort -LRB- surprised this was on Greatest Hits -RRB- , is Body Language . Many like this song , but the lyrics just are n't the best . Action This Day , basically a duet between Mercury and Taylor is ok , but it 's Mercury 's soaring lead during the chorus is what basically saves this song.Side 2 is where the better of the 2 sides are , where songs like Calling All Girls , Las Palabras De Amore , and the Queen/David Bowie collaboration Under Pressure , sound like outtakes from The Game . Put Out the Fire is the heaviest track on the album , and the most natural for the Queen sound at this point in their career . The remaining track , Cool Cat , is sort of a light sounding reggae like song written by Mercury and Deacon . Mix reggae and r & b and you got Cool Cat.Although this is not Queen 's best album by any means , it 's certainly entertaining and sort of experimental in what styles Queen has to offer other than rock , and campy , opera like music of the early 70 's .
 A lot of people consider this Queen 's worst album , but in my opinion , it is far from it . They took a completely different approach with this one , more of a funk sound -- I have to wonder if the success of `` Another One Bites The Dust '' prompted them to try and release an album of similarly styled tunes . I like this a lot more than `` Jazz '' , `` The Game '' , and `` The Works '' , for example . They did n't continue in this direction , but it 's a nice addition to the Queen library .
 Back then Freedie Mercury and company sure knew how to create a musical stir-the reason most of us like Queen so much inthe first place.But the great thing about `` Hot Space ' is thatoutside the phenomenal David Bowie collaberation on `` Under Pressure '' , none of the rockers here hold up at all.It 's on horn and synth-driven dance-funk like `` Staying Power '' , `` Dancer '' , `` BlackChat '' , the Princ-ly `` Body Language '' and the pure R&B ; balladry of `` Cool Cat '' that could have spelled a new beginning for the bandas a white electro-funk ensamble.And that woulda ' been nice sinceMercury certainly had the pipes and Brain May could cook up a mean funky rhythm guitar when the song asked for it.But in another decade a hitless Queen broke up , Freddie Mercury died andwell ... at least the last DECADE could 've been a little more fun .
 This is a decent album . Granted , it does n't rank with `` The Game '' , `` A Night at the Opera '' or `` Innuendo '' but it 's a good album that ranks with `` Jazz '' and `` The Works '' . With this album , Queen continued the experimentation with funk rhythms that it began with `` Another One Bites The Dust '' . I believe hardcore fans felt cheated about having the better part of an album dedicated to this style of music . Items of note
 In fact , in my opinion , it 's really quite a good album . It took me several listens many years ago to appreciate it , but now it 's one of my favorite CD 's to blow my eardrums out with . The first half is out-and-out disco , but with Queen flair and musicianship . `` Dancer '' is a smug little number , with Freddy hamming it up tongue firmly in cheek , while `` Action This Day '' is vintage Roger Taylor . From `` Put Out the Fire '' to the rest of the album , it 's hard to distinguish `` Hot Space '' from any other Queen album . From exquisite guitar and piano work to breathtaking harmonies , `` Hot Space '' gave me more than my share of goosebumps . It goes without saying that `` Under Pressure '' is a high point on the album , and anyone that can listen to Freddy 's fading `` Give love , give love , give love '' at the end of it without getting a lump in their throat has no heart . Do n't listen to what your friends say . Buy `` Hot Space '' , listen to it once , and again , and again , and pretty soon it will become a fixture in your multi-CD changer .
 Hot Space is an incredible album , full of that groove and jive feel , great to dance 'till you drop ! Have you ever listened to `` Staying Power '' live ? It literally kicks ! From the first song to the last , this album shows a different side of Queen , which you can add to their variety of styles , and that 's what makes it so unique . Even the cover is one of my favourites ! Bring back those memories of the early 80 's disco with songs like `` Back Chat '' , `` Body Language '' , `` Staying Power '' , rock your way to the top with `` Put Out The Fire '' and speed up on `` Action This Day '' . Then relax and get in the mood of `` The Words Of Love '' and `` Life Is Real '' . Finally , tear the place apart with `` Under Pressure '' and experience the best 45 minutes of your day . Do yourself a favour and enjoy this record . Forget about the synths and the `` artificial '' drums
 It 's quite funny , this album took me by surprise . I got this album and `` The Works '' a week ago to add to my collection . I had heard a lot of negative stuff about this album , but my ears proved me wrong . I loved it ! -LRB- Not my favorite Queen CD by any means , just good -RRB- . `` Staying Power '' is totally cool and catchy , very funky , as is `` Dancer , '' which features some vintage Brian May guitar work . These are two of my favorites off the album . `` Back Chat '' is also quite good , the chord progression is kinda reminicent of `` House of the Rising Sun . '' `` Body Language , '' could be the worst song on the album , not necessarily bad , but not as good as the others . `` Action This Day '' is a great , upbeat song with a nice beat . `` Put Out The Fire '' is vintage Brian May . Another great song on the album is the amazing tribute to my musical idol , John Lennon , `` Life Is Real . '' It 's a very Lennon-esque tune , which makes it all the more a better tribute . `` Calling All Girls '' sends a nice positive message , `` Las Palabras de Amor '' is a great ballad . Then Freddie Mercury delivers an amazing vocal performance with the reggae `` Cool Cat . '' Then comes the big finish , the classic off this album , `` Under Pressure '' with David Bowie dueting with Freddie.So now , take my advice , go and give this album another listen . This album is not for new Queen fans , do not make this your first album . However , it is perfect for all the staunch Queen fans out there , like myself . After all , how bad can it be , it 's Queen , all the elements that make Queen Queen are all in there . So please , diehard fans , go and give this album another listen , you will not be disappointed .
 I did n't care for it when I first picked it up several years ago . But I 've come to appreciate it as a unique part of Queen 's catalogue and a fun album of cool funk & dance with signature Queen flavors . `` Cool Cat '' puts me in a great mood and is probably my favorite track , other than the amazing duet with Bowie , `` Under Pressure . '' Other highlights are the cheesy but enjoyable `` Back Chat '' `` Put Out The Fire , '' and the beautiful `` Las Palabras de Amor . '' Regardless of what critics might say , this is hardly the low point of Queen 's career . It 's not The Game Part 2 or Night At The Opera Part 2 , because that 's not what Queen set out to do . It 's just a good 80s dance/pop record .
 Queen 's eleventh album -LRB- twelfth overall -RRB- entitled Hot Space was released in May of 1982 . After the success of the 1980 chart-topper The Game , Queen took some time following their 1980/81 tour to record a new album.Lead singer Freddie Mercury , bass player John Deacon , guitarist Brian May and drummer Roger Taylor along with Game co-producer and engineer Mack went into the studio at the end of 1981 and recorded The Game 's proper follow-up not counting the Flash Gordon soundtrack and Greatest Hits album.When fans first put on Hot Space , they were expecting a typical Queen album but a good portion -LRB- the first side of the original vinyl and cassette issues at least -RRB- was dance music pure and simple.The opening track `` Staying Power '' is a funky Mercury composition which may be seen as bad stale disco as disco was two years out of date by then but when performed live , the song was transformed into a rocker . Next is Brian 's rocker `` Dancer '' which combined synth and regular drums and a synth-bass skin to Foreigner 's Juke Box Hero and a killer May riff and superb May solos . Next was John 's funk number `` Back Chat '' which is my favorite song on the album 's first half and would be a concert staple which was transformed into a rocker live . Next was the Mercury composition `` Body Language '' which was the album 's biggest hit in the US hitting # 11 and had its video banned from MTV for being too risque -LRB- I think it was a great clip and was tame compared to lousy , filth-drenched videos that hacks like Madonna , Britney , Christina , Beyonce , The Pussycat Dolls and Rihanna and such made -RRB- . Roger 's New Wave sounding rocker `` Action This Day '' ended the first half and was a great song but would be better live.The album 's second half was typical Queen tracks starting with Brian 's rocker `` Put Out the Fire '' which is a great number . Freddie 's ballad written for John Lennon , the Beatlesque `` Life is Real '' follows and is a great song . Roger follows with the minor US hit `` Calling All Girls '' which is a great song though many hate it . We follow with Brian 's UK Top 30 ballad `` Las Palabras De Amor -LRB- The Words of Love -RRB- '' which is a beautiful song and my favorite on the album 's second side . Next is the Mercury/Deacon ballad `` Cool Cat '' which Freddie sang entirely in falsetto . We end with the classic duet with David Bowie called `` Under Pressure '' which hit # 27 in the US and # 1 in the UK and was a great song which first appeared on the band 's US and Canadian versions of Queen 's Greatest Hits album in November of 1981 . However , many fans -LRB- or poseur fans I call them -RRB- hated Hot Space 's sound change and Hot Space peaked at a dismal # 27 in the US and stalled at Gold which was a MAJOR FLOP compared to The Game 's four million in US sales and # 1 US peak.Sales notwithstanding , this album is a great album and the band had a right to change its sound and experiment -LRB- that is why bands like Pink Floyd , Rush , Genesis and Iron Maiden succeeded with changing styles and sounds over the years -RRB- . If they stuck with AC/DC formula -LRB- not there is anything wrong with AC/DC -RRB- , they would have become stale!Recommended !
 Unlike most people , I do n't think this was Queen 's poorest effort at music . They , like other musicians , were influenced by the culture and other music of the time . Those of you who do n't like disco will not like this album , for a good portion of the songs are disco , e.g. `` Staying Power , '' `` Cool Cat , '' `` Dancer , '' and so on . This album is Queen work at its finest , even for the 1980s . For anyone who has enjoyed other albums , this album is definitely one to try -LRB- unless you do n't like disco ... then stay away -RRB- .
 Hot Space may sound different from the other Queen albums . But listening to it without any prejudice it will give you a good deal of disco-funk-dance music . I love it although I 'm a deep Queen fan , what makes me suspicious , I know . Very good soul -LRB- cool cat -RRB- , rock -LRB- put out the fire -RRB- etc. . Listen to it and make up your OWN mind .
 When Hot Space was released in 1982 , the disco/dance/funk should n't have shocked everybody . Their previous two albums flirted with a dance groove , with `` Fun It '' on 1978 's Jazz , and `` Another One Bites The Dust '' and `` Dragon Attack '' on 1980 's The Game . I do n't understand people who say they do n't like this album , deriding it by calling it `` Queen 's disco album . '' Dance music emphasizes rhythm over melody . What Queen were attempting with Hot Space , and succeed to a degree , is to combine their perchant for interesting melodies with a nice dancable beat . The interesting bands will always evolve in one way or another . When they do n't , they lose relevance and are not at all interesting . The fact is , Queen were one of the most interesting bands in their time . Hot Space fits the transition into the 80 's perfectly . The common understanding with Queen fans is that these songs sounded much better live -LRB- and they were definitely heavier , judging from the surviving tapes from the Hot Space tour -RRB- . I would like to say that these songs stand on their own on this album . I ca n't wait to see the videos in the upcoming dvd release.This is the Japanese import and it sounds very nice .
 THE MUSIC CONTAINED IN IT MATCH THE AWESOME COVER GRAPHICS AND TITLE PERFECTLY ! JUST HAVING STAYING POWER ON THIS ALBUM IS ENOUGH TO GIVE IT 5 STARS ! STAYING POWER IS ONE OF THE BEST SONGS QUEEN HAD EVER DONE ! BUY IT AND LET 'S GET DOWN AND GO-GO !
 This is one of my all-time favorites with many songs that just have the groove that you need . There are also classics such as UNder Pressure and Life is Real , two of my favorites . If you are just starting out on on Queen or are a huge fan , this is a must-buy -LRB- and is hard to find -RRB- .
 I will start by saying that I really enjoy listening to this album just as much as the rest of the Queen catalog . What I think is odd is the number of Queen `` fans '' who complain that this was too `` different '' and too much of a `` departure '' from their 70 's material . Well , duh ! Musicians are artists and most talented artists like to try different things . Would you want to eat the same food your entire life because it was good in the 70 's and never try anything new ? So yes , it 's different but I give them credit for having the guts to stray from norm and explore different sounds and styles . If you listen to all of their albums that span their decades of recording it naturally evolves with their lives and times in which they were writing and recording .
 Firstly let me say I am only a moderate queen fan , I do know all the songs from their greatest hits album and mostly enjoy them but my knowledge does n't go beyond those compilations . I just picked up Hot Space based on a few videos I saw on youtube . I have listened to it twice now and love it already . It is more upbeat then you might expect from queen , it 's just a fun album ! Even if this album was not popular with the queen regulars I think it 's a real treat to hear a great band try something new.Standout tracks for me are Body Language , Back Chat , Dancer , Staying Power , Calling all Girls and Under Pressure ! Thats a lot ! It is a great album , you can tell Queen put a lot of effort in to the album and it does pay off even if it was not a commercial success . In my opinion the weakest song is Action this day . The album sound is very early 80s but certainly not dated.If you enjoy this album I would reccoment Freddie Mercury 's solo album Mr. Bad Guy , it continues the more pop/funk feel of this album !
 News of the World was my first Queen record . This was my second and I liked it even better . To this day , as much as I enjoy all of Queen 's catalog ... this still may be my favorite . I am mystified when people bash it . It 's fun , jazzy , chill and groovy . You can drive and dance to it - what 's wrong with that ? So it 's not bombastic arena rock , so what ? It 's catchy and fun and not a bad song on it .
 This is what really gripes me with music fans . Everyone should own copies of Queen albums from the 70 's . Sheer Heart Attack , Queen -LRB- the debut album -RRB- , Queen II , Jazz , or the amazing classic A Night at the Opera , but most people blow off Queen Material from the 80 's immediately . Some of the best music was recorded by the 80 's era of Queen . While its not the blistering rock out of the 70 's material , its just as powerfull . Especially with Mercury 's vocals . Brian May 's guitar work is just as powerfull , just less flashy on some songs . I think people forget that Queen was part of the amazing live aid performance in 1984 . The best part of it , maybe . Who knows . This album is a staple of that time period . I hate to see all these bad reviews . Queen had always been cheesy and dancey . I think `` News of the World '' with `` We Will Rock You '' and `` We Are the Champions '' is where the band was the most cheesy , but thats my opinion . If you think `` Bicycle Race '' was n't a little dainty , then you 're jusy lying to yourself . Anytime an artist takes a new direction the most hardcore fans are the ones who write it off right away . This album is an overall fun album . What 's wrong with rock and roll becoming fun ? I thought that was the entire creedo of rock music . Emotional and Fun at least . This album features some of the best material by Queen . Especially the opening track `` Staying Power , `` Dancer , '' and `` Put Out this Fire '' which is similiar to the glam rock and metal the band was famous for in the 70 's . My favorite track is the smooth , funky song `` Cool Cat '' which shows Mercury 's vocals at an insane falsetto . `` Calling all Girls '' and the melancholy ballad `` Las Palabras De Amor '' Translated to `` The Words of Love '' of course . Yes , I 'm a dork too . They are all great and you 'll know it by the time you get to Under Pressure ... the best track on the album . This features David Bowie on vocals too . For any avid rock fan , this is a dream collaboration . Arguably the two best rock singers of the past 4 decades singing together . What 's not to love . Buy it and you 'll understand .
 Over the many years , I have heard that Queen 's `` Hot Space '' album , released in 1982 , was one of Queen 's worst efforts . I soon realized that , in retrospect , it is -LRB- only 2 top 10 singles in the US -RRB- , but not if you look at it through a Queen fan perspective like I have.One thing people say is `` It does n't fit Queen 's style , Queen 's overall genre '' . Let me point out that Queen incorporates a `` universal '' genre of music that adapts to many people 's tastes . From rock to pop , from punk to disco , from funk to ballad , Queen covers many territories , and this album proves just that.Of course , in the late 1970 's , disco music was over , which coined the slogan , `` Disco Sucks ! '' , but although you can say that Queen got the memo a little too late -LRB- this was the early 80 's -RRB- , they made a valiant effort to strike big with a dance hit . Coming off of the heels of 1980 's synth-flavored `` The Game '' and their # 1 US cross-over hit , `` Another One Bites The Dust '' , Queen continued to dabble in the synthesized world of `` alternative music '' . This is the result.I will not say that `` Hot Space '' is one of Queen 's worst albums ; instead , I will say it is one of their finest . With spunky , tripped-out dance club songs -LRB- Calling All Girls , Action This Day , Back Chat , Body Language -RRB- , along with soft yet strong ballads -LRB- Life Is Real , Las Palabras De Amor -RRB- , and all-around influental works -LRB- Under Pressure , Staying Power -RRB- , Queen swings for the fences , but unfortunately comes up short with this album.This album was a slight hit in the US , with 2 Top 10 singles -LRB- Body Language and Under Pressure -RRB- . Though frowned upon by numerous biased reviewers -LRB- professional reviewers , mind you -RRB- , Hot Space is an eclectic dance mix that certainly captured the feel of the 1980 's . Freddie , Brian , John , and Roger know how to lay it down for even the most absent-minded of people . I recommend this album if you are a die-hard Queen fan . If not , well ... get it either way -LRB- lol -RRB- !
 Okay , this cd has one very interesting history behind it . One this was released at the height of the anti-disco movement . Which did n't help sales . That and the video for the song `` Body Language '' getting banded by MTV , did n't help much either . But , this cd does have some strongs . Of course , there is very famous `` Under Pressure '' , which was a huge hit for the group . That and `` Action This Day '' was great song at live shows . So , for what it 's worth . Hot Space is n't all that bad .
 Hot Space - 1982Hot Space , while a very good album , stands out as an experiment in disco/funk/techno -LRB- does such a category exist ? -RRB- which Queen were n't really suited to , and which they did not repeat . The results , however , are still quite good , but I get the feeling from the album that their heart just was n't in it for another similar one . This album , of course , followed `` The Game '' , which was itself an enormous departure for Queen , and so , I suppose , they just wanted to continue to experiment.The sound of Hot Space is quite clean , almost antiseptic . There 's quite a bit of echo on the vocals and drums , as if they were recording in a large empty room . The drums sound quite brash , and the guitars lack the warmth of earlier albums . Similarly , the bass lines are quite stark , the notes standing out on their own , not merging into the background and filling out the sound . No doubt the group were trying to reproduce the modern sound of the time , which was into drum machines , synthesisers , and definitely no super-duper guitar solos full of effects ! -LRB- I understand that Brian May was n't too happy with the album , since I guess he could see the writing on the wall for a guitar hero like him if the band continued along these lines -RRB- . Even the cover reflects the contents - clean , sharp lines , bright colours , reminiscent of a disco dance floor.That said , however , I quite like this album . The clean , almost harsh , sound can be quite refreshing , where every instrument , every vocal stands out and can be clearly heard . The songs too are very catchy , and are played very well -LRB- every member of the band , it must be said , was technically superb at their instruments -RRB- . Some of the songs are quite familiar in sound -LRB- Under Pressure , especially , would n't have been out of place on The Game -RRB- , but the others are quite different , being mostly fairly fast , lots of guitars , drums and bass , but in a disco , funk , techno style , while one or two songs are slow -LRB- e.g. Cool Cat - very funky , great bass line -RRB- . When I was at school quite a few of us were into Queen , but this was the `` forgotten '' album - mainly since most of us were into the `` heavy '' albums which had the more familiar Queen sound . Anything , even allegedly , to do with disco was taboo ! Taboo , I tells ya ! Secretly , though , I listened and enjoyed , since this was still quite clearly Queen playing -LRB- Freddie 's voice is instantly recognisable , not to mention May 's guitar playing - even if it was desperately trying to fit into a musical style that it was n't designed for ! -RRB- . Overall , this is a good album , and a whole new side to Queen that you ca n't hear anywhere else !
 This is in no way a bad funk album , in general , and `` not the worst '' album by Queen , in particular -LRB- come to think of it , Queen never had a bad album , may be some are better than the others , depending on listeners ' personal preferences in musical styles , but there was never a bad album ! -RRB- . HOT SPACE DESERVES TO BE HEARD , LISTENED TO , AND BOUGHT FOR SEVERAL REASONS . Firstly , just because Queen , FM in particular , tried something new here , does not mean it is worse than their usual style -LRB- operatic , over-the-top rock -RRB- . It is just different ... Please , keep in mind that it was 82 , times were changing and so was Queen . In fact , Queen was never known to stop experimeting in their music throughout almost 20 years of acitve recording , touring , and huge success . Secondly , may be Hot Space is not the best funk album in the history of funk , but it is certainly one of the very good ones . Yes , some tracks have sort of plastic and sometimes unpolished sound , but funk is supposed to be this way , to a degree . Funk is fun , humorous , and even grotesque music -LRB- think George Clinton here -RRB- and that is good ... that is why people liked it and still do and that is why we say `` Funky music '' . Thirdly , every single track is good for its own reasons . `` Under Pressure '' is a masterpiece of collaboration , of course . FM and Bowie are so good that even they were surpised at first at how good they sounded together . `` Life is Real '' achieves the effect FM was striving for
 OK so Hot Space may not be Queen 's best album , but it is a good little album if you give it a good listen . One thing I have to praise Queen for with this album was that they was n't afraid to try something new here , ultimately it proved to be somewhat of a flop for them at the time but nearly 20 years on it 's not actually that bad an album.There are still a few great tracks here that a more `` traditional '' Queen -LRB- Under Pressure , Put Out The Fire , Life Is Real , Las Palabras De Amor -RRB- but even the more `` funky disco '' tracks are rather good -LRB- Back Chat , Dancer , Staying Power , Action This Day , Calling All Girls , Cool Cat -RRB- To be honest the only track that does n't really work for me on this one is Body Language , just find that one a bit flat myself . However the album is an interesting little listen , if anything it showed how diverse Queen could be.If you 're looking for your first Queen album go for A Night At The Opera , A Day At The Races , News Of The World , The Game , The Works , A Kind Of Magic , The Miracle or Innuendo , however do n't turn your nose up at this one , you may just find it surprises you .
 Hot space is probably queen 's weakest album , it 's a shame because they were on such a roll putting out great albums and singles . Even saying that , there 's only 2 songs i do n't like `` body language '' and `` dancer '' the rest are pretty good and even a few great ones . I like `` staying power '' and `` back chat '' also songs like `` under pressure '' and `` the words of love '' are great , A nice vocal performce from freddie on `` coolcat '' so yes this is probably queens weakest album , but i also think it 's not nearly as bad as say metallica 's `` st anger '' or judas priest 's `` turbo '' you get my drift , it 's really not that bad .
 hot space is n't as bad as people say . It was the weakest queen album to that point but it does n't desearve the bashing it got . staying power and backchat are quite good . On the second side the good songs are action this day , life is real , coolcat , and words of love , and the classic under pressure . I feel body language is ok , but it was the worst single and mistake Queen ever put out . I do n't think Queen ever recovered from that mistake in america . radio stations did n't want anything to do with queen after that single , despite alot of great 80 's music from Queen . If your a new queen fan this is n't a place to start , save this album for later , but if you have an open mind to music you 'll realize there 's lots of interesting and fun music to be heard here .
 Since when did people come to think that Queen could possibly be catagorized . The main driving force of the band was their willingness to venture into new territory . They never stayed in a heavy gothic rock guise like Led Zeppelin , who did n't have the guts to try something new . This album was a terrific creative idea and some of the most orignal music Queen ever wrote . Anyone who thinks they sold out is obviously a moron . Only bands like Aerosmith sold out . This is the music that makes Queen original and in fact is the exact opposite of selling out . Rock on Queen !
 Queen played in 1982 with new sounds ; The result was an entertaining record , however much called die hard fans criticized it .
 Even when I first heard this album , I was well aware it was Queen 's most controversial release . And it was n't for it 's lyrical but musical content . For one , this was released smack in the middle of what I often called the `` anti disco freeze out '' , in which in the US more over any record that seemed to have a groove , electronics and/or a strong dance beat was subjected by and large to an unspoken airplay ban . Now in Queen 's country England , that was not the case . But if you were one of the new wave bands who embraced a funky sound such as Duran Duran ... well you 'd better have either a lot of good promotion , one or two full on rock guitar songs on the album and/or on your hits . This was the source of the controversy . At the same time Queen had always been highly experimental and embraced new ideas . Even if the public was n't always willing to except them . Hey it worked for the Beatles , why not them ? Critically again , this album was more than a little disappointing . Creatively ? Well that is actually a whole other story.Honestly , for my ears this ranks among the finest albums Queen ever made . And they made many good ones too . `` Staying Power '' is an amazing `` naked funk '' type opening , with some heavy bass synth , horn accents and Brian May playing a heavy rhythm guitar lick rather than soloing . Very clean production . `` Dancer '' slows the tempo down for a thicker funk jam . `` Back Chat '' actually returns to the clean sophistifunk style of the opening . Of course there 's the shuffling bassy groove of the `` hit '' `` Body Language '' . As well as the excellent , almost Charles Stepney/Ramsey Lewis/EWF type midtempo jazz/funk number `` Cool Cat '' . These are some of my favorite numbers here . Honestly that 's pretty much it for the funky stuff though if that does n't do it for you.The Devo inflected new wave of `` Action This Day '' as well as `` Put Out The Fire '' and `` Calling All Girls '' actually rock out more than anything onThe Game . `` Las Palabras De Amor '' has more of an elegant sort of theater feel to it , though more tame than their earlier sound by far . The piano ballad `` Life Is Real '' is a very poignant and poetic tribute to John Lennon , a song worthy of the man himself actually.Of course for the bonuses there 's `` Under Pressure '' , opening up with one of the great bass lines in rock that a lot of people might now as the central loop for ... wellIce Ice Baby . Also there 's a somewhat fuller remix of `` Body Language '' that really does n't do anything to alter the original but just revs up the power of the song a bit . From what I read of other reviews here I really have to agree with the positive ones just a bit more . Accept for some ... I 'll say it flat out musical bigotry in a certain place and time I can not really see how this is at all a bad album . It 's got strong production , strong songwriting , amazing vocals and some NASTY grooves that are both funky and rock out . Like the rainbow square imagery of the front cover art , this album is defined by a lot of color and high energy levels . No body , especially Freddie and Brian May were caught napping or being musically lazy throughout this album . Even if their sound took on a little different form , it 's still got that Queen flavor all over it . What more could one want ?
 Freddie Mercury 's powerful vocals , Brian May 's baroque guitar , Taylor and Deacon 's bone rattling beats ; they 're all there . It 's just another step forward for Queen . It shows the contrast and intelligence that Queen are famous for ... rock , ballads , disco ; its all here . I had my doubts about this album , but I fell in love with it as soon as I got it.Highlights :1 . Life Is Real -LRB- Song For Lennon -RRB- 2 . Under Pressure3 . Dancer
 Being a diehard fan of Queen 's 1973-1978 work , it is always difficult for me to assess 1980 's Queen albums.The fact is that 80 's and beyond albums such as The Game -LRB- 1980 -RRB- Flash -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , , The Works -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and A Kind of Magic -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , do have some really great songs on them , but they also have a lot of mediocre and flat stuff , unlike the 70 's albums which where absolute works of art complete in themselves.Hot Space is the best Queen album of the 1980 's but a far cry from the glorious rock opera/hard rock of the 1970-1976 period.There was the transitional period of News of the World -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , Jazz -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and The Game -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , before the launch into disco music with Hot Space.If you are a fan of 70 's Queen thi9s takes some getting used to , but I have changed my mind about the album after a few more listens and decides it really rocks.In this album , there are some really good songs : Life Is Real
 I had this on LP back when it was released in the USA . And back then , I did n't really like it . I thought it was too much a departure from Queen 's `` trademark '' sound . But some of the stuff really got to me . Especially on side 2 -LRB- tracks 6-11 -RRB- . But , since I bought this CD , it has grown on me more and more and I found in retrospect Hot Space is n't a bad album . I think you have to think of it in terms of what another reviewer had pointed out -- Queen was probably looking at what `` hip '' on the music scene ... which was funky , dancable tunes with electronic rhythms and synths.Most of the least desirable songs from this album is on the first half of this disc -LRB- tracks 1-5 -RRB- . The worst one being `` Back Chat '' . Staying Power -LRB- w / special acknowledgement to Arif Madrin -RRB- , displays this funky feeling with artificial horns as well as real ones . The next track , `` Dancin '' is the second of the `` heavy '' tracks on the album with a dance beat and wailing guitars . Back Chat - as mentioned before , is one of the weak tracks off the album -LRB- or the weakest one of Side 1 -RRB- . Written by Deacon , the song just does n't come off as powerful as it could be . The second worst track , and probably Mercury 's worst writing effort -LRB- surprised this was on Greatest Hits -RRB- , is Body Language . Many like this song , but the lyrics just are n't the best . Action This Day , basically a duet between Mercury and Taylor is ok , but it 's Mercury 's soaring lead during the chorus is what basically saves this song.Side 2 is where the better of the 2 sides are , where songs like Calling All Girls , Las Palabras De Amore , and the Queen/David Bowie collaboration Under Pressure , sound like outtakes from The Game . Put Out the Fire is the heaviest track on the album , and the most natural for the Queen sound at this point in their career . Life Is Real -LRB- Song For Lennon -RRB- is a nice tribute to Lennon , even nodding to Lennon 's `` Starting Over '' with it 's opening one note piano -LRB- mimicking the opening of the Lennon track of the triangle -RRB- . The remaining track , Cool Cat , is sort of a light sounding reggae like song written by Mercury and Deacon . Mix reggae and r & b and you got Cool Cat.Although this is not Queen 's best album by any means , it 's certainly entertaining and sort of experimental in what styles Queen has to offer other than rock , and campy , opera like music of the early 70 's .
 i think people kill this album because they think they suppose to . i ca n't give this album 1 star when i like most of the songs , it 's more like a 3.5 , my favorites are staying power , back chat , life is real , words of love and the hit under pressure . the worst are ` dancer ' and ` body language , ' -LRB- their biggest mistake -RRB- , but as a whole it 's not horrible by any means , it 's weak by queen 's standards , but still pretty good .
 This album is excellent . I like these songs very much . This album is one of my favorite Queen albums . I recommend it . Buy it .
 It 's so hard for me to belive that this album got as much heat as it did . I loved it !!!! The first time I listened to it , I thought `` What the hell is this ? '' and threw it aside . Then a few days later I gave it another try and loved it . I definitly recommend this album !!!!
 Although this is not one of the well known , highly praised Queen CDs , I consider it one of the best . In this CD Queen continue to practise their ability to express a crystal clear feeling , to find the exact pure pain , sensuality , caring , apathy , despare , loneliness , thankfulness . Not all songs are that tenss , some are just fun , but other really hit the spot . Highly recomended.note to amazon people - a -RRB- keep up the good work . b -RRB- my spelling in english is rather bad , feel free to corect ...
 Queen upset a lot of their fan 's when they put out `` Hot Space '' . At this point , their music headed in the direction of dance.The album only has one hard rock song , which is Brian May 's `` Put Out The Fire '' . `` Las Palabras De Amor `` is a nicely written ballad.The collabaration `` Under Pressure `` w/David Bowie is on this album as well.The guitar lead 's on these upbeat dance song 's are cool as well.Queen would not be Queen unless they explored and did album 's like this . This album is just more variety added to the rollercoaster record catalogue that they have made over the year 's . No one could ever put there finger on Queen , or what their new music would sound like . NEW TERRITORY AS ALWAY 's - HOT SPACE !!!
 Queen moves forward into the dance rave scene of the times of the 80 's . It 's not that bad considering . Just do n't expect the heavy rock of early Queen here . It 's all enjoyable , Freddie 's `` Song for Lennon '' , `` Put out the Fire '' , `` Calling All Girls '' and `` Under Pressure '' are among their best . Remember , a mediocre Queen album is still better than no Queen album and even a mediocre Queen album is better than most bands could dream of producing .
 I know , I read all the reviews of this album as well and thought to myself that this album was probably going to be an embarracement to Queen and that I would also feel embarraced listening to it . However , after purchasing the `` Queen Live at the Bowl '' DVD , upon hearing `` Action This Day '' , `` Back Chat '' and `` Staying Power '' my mind changed rapidly . I went out to buy Hot Space and have never looked back . It 's now one of my favourite Queen albums . If you love Queen , you 'll love this album just as much as the others . Sure , Queen experimented with a few new sounds , but in my opinion that was not a bad thing to do at all . Do n't just think that because certain people do n't like it because it 's slightly different , that you should n't consider getting it !
 I pulled this CD out today after not having listened to it for several years . I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it . All of the songs are at least decent , and some of them are excellent . My favorites are `` Staying Power '' , `` Body Language '' and of course `` Under Pressure '' . One thing I have to add is that the remixed version of `` Body Language '' is fairly useless . The same thing goes for most of the remixes on the other Queen CDs .
 In all of Queen 's long and varied -LRB- yet uncommonly consistent in terms of quality -RRB- discography , '' Hot Space '' -LRB- 1982 -RRB- is definitely the weirdest member . But those who sneer that this is no Queen , or that it was a wrong experiment , or other words to that effect , are missing the point completely . The most important ingredients of Queen 's greatness have always been variety and experiment . '' A Night at the Opera '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- and '' A Kind of Magic '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- do n't have much in common , do they ? Yet both are tremendous albums . The peculiar thing about '' Hot Space '' is that the change is rather more abrupt . Even though in their previous album -LRB- '' The Game '' , 1980 -RRB- there were some hints of funky inclinations -LRB- e.g. '' Another One Bites the Dust '' -RRB- , I do n't think anybody back in 1980 could have predicted that '' Hot Space '' would turn out as it did.Whatever its place in Queen 's discography , '' Hot Space '' must stand or fall as music . For my part , it stands monumentally well . Certainly it is hardly rock , let alone hard rock , but to describe as a rock band is a gross oversimplification . '' Staying Power '' and '' Action This Day '' have a strong beat and compelling drive that might just compel you to dance . So do '' Cool Cat '' and '' Back Chat '' , both of them as charmingly and electronically funky as Queen never were . '' Dancer '' is among Freddie 's strongest vocal performances . '' Las Palabras del Amor '' among Queen 's finest ballads . And '' Life is Real '' is certainly among their best songs ever - a wonderful tribute to John Lennon indeed . In fact , my only qualm with the album is '' Body Language '' . Despite its extremely erotic video clip -LRB- surely inspired by some of the hottest scenes in '' All of That Jazz '' -RRB- , the song is a little monotonous . Yet to say it 's bad or unlistenable would both foolish and untrue.To be sure , listening to '' Hot Space '' does require a special mood . Then again , all great music does . The only preparation to do is to free yourselves of prejudices against unusual experiments by great bands . If you are a real fan of Queen , I do n't think you will have any problem with that . By no means are you obliged to like the album , but you may just find it entertaining .
 No , there is no `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' equivalent in Hot Space . There is n't a similar `` Somebody to love '' or `` Love of my life '' and there definitely is n't a `` Keep yourself alive '' on this track list but there are songs that will keep you alert and alive and eagerly blasting your CD stereo in your car on the freeway ! The first track `` Staying Power '' makes good use of Deacon 's bass and Freddie 's vocal ! `` Dancer '' showcases the powerful song writing of May ! I 'll never forget walking thru my campus in the rain with this song thumping in my MP3 ! `` Back Chat '' does show its 80s age but still an original . `` Body Language '' is another song which extends the boundaries of your imagination . `` Action this day '' is catchy but LISTEN ... LISTEN to `` PUT OUT THE FIRE '' and you 'll realize how great this album is !! I also loved `` Cool Cat '' which was totally surprising and really soulful which proves that QUEEN was more than just CLASSIC ROCK , they could record anything !! I love Queen ! I just saw them in concert at the San Jose HP Pavilion Flr 1 , row 6 . It was amazing and this album is amazing too ! You 'll love it !
 Controversial but seriously underrated.Actually this album is a fascinating documentary to what happened tohighly talented music writing in 80 's . For me it 's the last great Queen album.As most of you know the sound of the album seemed offensive at the time andtrying to be competition to Prince was not successful ... Which is a shame ; - -RRB- For today 's listener sheer energy and fascination heard on this album speaks for itself . All later work , perhaps except `` Innuendo '' is like a parody . On albums like `` Works '' and `` Kind of magic '' May 's and Mercury 's work is much weaker and those are really Queen `` pop '' albums . `` Hot space '' is truly a breaking point for the band .
 I bought this on cassette tape when it first came out . Yes , it is a very different sound from the `` Classic '' Queen everyone was use to but the lyrics and music are very good . I like how Queen re-invents themselves with this album . It was led by other songs like , Another One Bites the Dust , & Dragon Attack , these songs showed a preview of what was to come , Hot Space ! The songs on this album are all catchy and sound great . I find myself sometimes singing several of these songs in my head . I know that I wore the tape out when I had it then and will do the same with the CD .1 Staying Power - Great song . It is so dirty and kind of sexy at the same time . I love the horn arrangement .2 Dancer3 Back Chat4 Body Language - I like how this song is laid out . Especially , the band break that just has the snapping of fingers . I can just picture `` West Side Story . `` 5 Action This Day6 Put Out the Fire - Chalk one up for Queen . This is a very blatant anti-gun song . I sure not one of the NRA 's favs .7 Life Is Real -LRB- Song for Lennon -RRB- - A very nice and lyrical tribute to my favorite Beatle .8 Calling All Girls9 Las Palabras de Amor -LRB- The Words of Love -RRB- 10 Cool Cat11 Under Pressure - What can be said about this song that has n't already been said ! This is great song that is always being played on the local Classic Rock stations . It is also on the David Bowie CD - Best of Bowie.I also like the cover art . It stands out and I know that is not something that one takes in account when buying a CD but I think is does look great.Overall , I love this album . I consider it one of my `` Classic Rock '' albums to go along with my other Queen albums . It is a great buy and I think you will find yourself listening to it over and over again . If you like great 80s rock/dance music this is the album to get .
 Hot Space is not the same style as the other queen albums , but they just tried an other style , to see it 's success . Not as succesful as they thought , but it is a good album . Songs like Staying Power , Action This Day , Put Out The Fire and others just may not be called worthless . Cause they are n't . Let 's see how I rate the songs : Staying Power
 It 's funny to see all the different opinions on this CD . Everywhere from 1 star to 5 - well here is the story
 Hot Space was a change in direction for the changing musical scene . It was n't a welcome change as Hot Space was one of Queen 's weakest offerings . It was more funk , less rock but the style did n't suit Queen .1 . Staying Power is a good opener . Lots of horns which was a change . The song sounds better done live with more rock .2 . Dancer is a weaker track . Feel like Queen going through the motions .3 . Backchat is a good track . Was released as a single and would be considered one of their weaker efforts single-wise , but taken as an album track , it 's OK .4 . Body Language is one of a handful of Queen tracks that I have no time for . It 's a bad song and if it was n't Queen , I would hate it .5 . Action This Day is a highlight from the album . Roger 's two songs are great on this album and this is the first one and one of his best .6 . Put Out The Fire is only just better than Body Language . The lyric 's bad and the music does n't fit in with the rest of the album .7 . Life Is Real is a nice song from Freddie about John Lennon . A highlight from the album .8 . Calling All Girls is the other Roger song and it 's also one of his best . Was a single in some countries .9 . Las Palabras De Amore is one of Queen 's best . Written by Brian and sung beautifully by Freddie , it should have been a bigger hit than what it was .10 . Cool Cat is an OK song . Slow and groovy . Freddie showing off vocally - and why should n't he .11 . Under Pressure slots in at the end . Without the addition of this song this album could have been a complete flop . The song itself is good , though not a huge favorite of mine . It was popular enough though to ensure the album got exposure.Hot Space is another solid effort but mostly unmemorable.Ranking wise it 's quite low , near the bottom under News Of The World , above The Miracle .
 Hot Space is a great album . It is an especially good album to get for any Queen fan .
 I absolutely love this album ! -LSB- we 'll forget about `` Cool Cat '' :--RRB- -RSB- . This was the first Queen disc I bought upon release -LRB- I mooched `` The Game '' from a friend -RRB- . I had seen them at Cobo -LRB- Detroit -RRB- in '80 and absolutely became enamoured . After the release of Hot Space , I was spoiled by seeing them again in '82 with Billy Squire . Needless to say , I was disappointed they never returned to the States.The Works was a fine album , but it seemed to represent the end of the impromptu , fresh spirit that their previous 3 LP 's -LRB- Jazz , The Game and Hot Space -RRB- seemed to have . A Kind of Magic blew -LRB- big time -RRB- , with the towering exception of One Vision , their best single in the ' 80 's , and The Miracle was fun but trite overall . Innuendo was very artistic , but somehow very depressing , with the fact that Mercury was falling apart as he recorded it . Made in Heaven does even qualify , since Mercury had no hand in the final production . It reflected the indecision of May , and the lack of direction of Taylor . Do n't get me wrong , I enjoy them both , but w/o Mercury at the helm , it just is not Queen.In my two-decade 's worth of devout following , I feel that Hot Space was the last really fun Queen album . Enjoy !
 I got to see this talented duo perform live twice last year , and was thrilled when they released their first recording . I love their program - quite varied and different from what any other duos out there are playing . The performance is pristine , and the recording quality is great , with nice stereo separation between them -LRB- I believe Risa in on the left channel ? -RRB- . My only gripe is that the recording level is a bit low , so you 've got to crank the volume quite a bit -LRB- still sounds great though , especially w / headphones -RRB- . The Prelude , Fugue and Variation by Franck alone to me is worth the price of the disc , I ca n't get enough of that haunting theme . This is my favorite CD purchase of the past 6 months .
 I had enough of a balance on a gift card for one CD . After listening to samples of selections from Liona Boyd , Ana Vidovic , Susan Isbin and Martha Masters , I came across this one . I listed to the samples over and over and finally ordered it , largely because I liked the sounds of the duet . Once I received the CD and played the selections all the way through , I think I made the right choice . This is a superb collection . These two ladies brilliantly blend melodies and harmonies , with a little dissonance thrown in here and there.I 've had it for a few months now and it 's still as fresh as when I first listened to it . You know sometimes when you get a new CD , you 're hyped up on it and listen to it over and over , but then after a while it takes its place amongst the rest of your collection ? Not this one for me . Whenever I need to wind down , this is the one I listen to and I have n't grown tired of it yet .
 They must have grown up together , the music and timing is so precise . I only wish I knew who was playing what parts of the music . Beautiful selections .
 The signature sound of Garza and Hilton resurfaces with more cool beats , jazzy riffs , Eastern-lounge and tripped out dub . By now Thievery Corporation has a fan base , including myself that loves their remixes . This disc , like many of their others traverses the globe to give the listener an aural experience that can not be pidgeonholed ; it is a mixture of layered sounds that delights the senses . On this excellent CD you will find a diversity of artsts that includes remixes of the Doors , Sarah McLaughlan , Bebel and Astrud Gilberto , Norah Jones Transglobal Underground , Herb Albert and others for an eclectic assembly that ultimately works because of Theievery Corporations technical expertise with the electronic groove . When putting out something of their own like on `` Originality '' which features Sister Nancy , the result is a mesmerizing reggae back beat and mashing vocals that sound like they come straight from Kingston . Another TC credit goes to `` Revolution Solution '' that is a cool mixture of Jamaican electro-vocal stylings with a strong fast paced upbeat clashing with a crashing back beat for a remarkable synthesis . Sister Nancy rapid fires her Jamaican-style-rap , backed by nice laid back horns while maintaining the lazy groove . When TC lends their own version or remixed version it is not all Jamaican reggae or dub as is evident on `` Shiva '' which has tripped out spacey beats blending with dreamy vocals for a otherworldly musical experience . Speaking of spaced out songs , check out '' Angels '' which features Norah Jones coming in and out on vocals as the electronic voodoo shimmers and wobbles through it 's musical progression . One of the oddest remixed songs is the classic Doors song `` Strange Days '' that comes off like a reincarnated Morrison playing the dance circuit in a strange new world . The mix is haunting -LRB- the voice especially -RRB- and comes across like Morrison risen from the dead at the after hours club . If you liked the album `` Bebel Remixed '' than you wil probably like the Bebel Gilberto remixed `` Cada Beijo '' -LRB- Each Kiss -RRB- that features the seductive vocals of Bebel in a electro-samba groove . Probably my own personal favorite song -LRB- I hate faves really -RRB- is `` Who Needs Forever '' the Astrud Gilberto composition that is given the TC treatment with loungy-jazzy beats over the original vocals that are revamped with echoes of the original song . I 've heard this song on other discs and am so familiar with it that that probably accounts for my fondness of the song . Anyway it is way cool . I love this disc , it is another in a fine line of recording by Hilton and Garza , aka Thievery Corporation that pleases the soul . It is kick back grooves for your summer days to start enjoying now . Get it , you wo n't be dissappointed if you like TC ; if you 've never heard their remixes start now .
 Most of these remixes have been available in various places for a while , especially on Perfect Remixes 4 , but it 's good to have them gathered on one CD . Fans -LRB- and detractors -RRB- , will know the formula by now ; dubbed-up , loungey and/or eastern-tinged beats . All good stuff and the album flows very smoothly . A common criticism of Thievery Corp. is that that their original compositions , mix CDs and remixes are all a bit samey but I think that 's why many people like them . They provide a cool , unobtrusive soundtrack to people 's everyday lives.What do reviewers usually write in such a situation ; will please existing fans but wo n't win many new converts ? That 's spot on
 Thievery Corporation are very good ... they can mix a song and , as most of these remixes show , almost any song , into something breathtakingly different and , when they 're in the mood , they can produce their own stunningly innovative tracks . But above all , they know how to appeal to a market ... which is , in this case , high quality `` downbeat '' music.And , as with their `` The Mirror Conspiracy '' album , they know exactly where they 're going here
 `` Versions '' is an album of remixes and reworking of existing songs by one of my favorite groups , Thievery Corporation . Thievery is one of the most consistent groups around . You know you 're always going to get really cool beats.This album , `` Versions '' , does n't disappoint when it comes to good , cool , head-nod-able beats . This is vintage Thievery even though some of the original songs are 40 years old.The album features a nice mix of vocals -LRB- male & female -RRB- and instrumentals . The vocalists actually sound like they could be current guests who just recorded the vocals . Thievery has done a great job mixing in these sometimes-dated vocals into their blend of beats.It 's another cool album , one that is highly recommended to all fans of their previous albums . Unlike the albums where they just sequenced a bunch of old abstract jazz songs , this one is way better . This album `` Versions '' does not feel like a compilation at all ; it really feels like and sounds like an actual album . Good stuff as always .
 It 's nice to finally have many of these remixes in one place , including many I had not heard before . Despite these songs being from many different genres and times , they flow together like liquid butter ! The new Thievery song `` Originality '' is a slamming reggae jam that will liven up your party in the coming months . Imagine today 's young people getting down to The Doors , courtesy of Thievery 's `` Strange Days '' remix . Elsewhere , there are plenty of songs to spin , no matter your mood . This is not just some knockoff package till Thievery can deliver another studio album - this is a full fledged musical work!On another note , it 's nice to know that Thievery is embracing the beauty of album packaging , with another first rate package here to go along with `` The Cosmic Game '' and `` Richest Man in Babylon . '' Even though CD sales are going the way of the passenger pigeon , it 's nice to browse through such an elaborate package , which can then enhance the entire listening experience .
 Spectacular musical journey . When you hear Jim Morrison laying down the voice track from Strange Days to Thievery Corporation music you will flip ! Sarah McLaughlan in `` dirty little secrets '' is bone chilling . It 's a ride through style , panache and many , many `` wows '' . Sit down and enjoy !
 Awesome CD . Great music to work to , party to , be creative to . just about anything
 Wow ! I never heard of this group until I was listening to Yahoo! Music Radio and switched to the Dance genre . Actually , the group I heard and was looking for was Kira , or Akira - and I found Thievery . I listened to the samples on Amazon and thought it was interesting enough to purchase their music.All I can say is , I like what I hear .
 I bought this because I am a musician and composer in a small way and wanted to study the bass , drums an loops . This was helpful for this but I also found it was very entertaining and satisfying listening as long as you are happy will loops . It was an excellent sound and very well produced .
 Thievery Corp is awesome . The amount of layers of sound that fill your ears is overwhelming at times . Almost every time your here this album again you will find something new . They hit so MANY genres of music yet combine them on a single track ; thats what makes them amazing . You will not find another sound like them out there , very unique !
 Thoroughly enjoy this cd , which I can play during a variety of moods , events , or tasks . I especially enjoy placing individual songs in my playlists related to specific moods . Love Thievery and ESL !
 This collection showcases some of Thievery 's remixes of back catalogue material like the Doors and Astrud Gilberto.Thievery makes great original tracks and a nice fusion of funk and jazz electronica . These remixes are reflective of their general vibe.Paris and SF Under a Groove showcase a new breed of electronica artists who are making incredible new funk , soul and deep house.I play all these albums when I entertain and people love the sound and always ask about the music . Passing on the good word .
 I really like the cd , the music is very downtempo , the song `` shiva '' on the track I like and another song was bebel gilberto remix cada bejio , if you like down tempo music this is the cd for you !
 This is the best CD they 've done ! I 'm a die hard Thievery Corporation fan & this CD blows away anyting they 've done thus far!One of the best Cd 's I 've ever heard PERIOD .
 Another knockout release from the corporation . The boys have done it again . If you do not own this album , you have no excuse to not have it . Every song is a 10 . But my favorite track is the new release from TC called ` Originality ' featuring Sister Nancy . This song has all of the right elements to make a perfect jam . Buy this album !
 Not the best , but some great tracks are there . A biy too ethnic.Good easy listening
 I am very pleased with how quickly my c.d. arrived . It was well packaged and in excellent condition . I would definitely order from this vendor in the future .
 In all honesty , I must admit to being a little biased by being a proud Mountaineer who is pleased to see another West Virginian find success in a very fickle industry . That said , there is no doubt that Staats ' rocket propelled fingers and astonishingly clean sound deserve to be heard . It 's a shame that Bluegrass is a rather limited market , but I 'm certain that nearly every person who hears this CD will give the genre a second look . It you have ears and listen to John 's jaw-dropping instrumental `` Escape from Taiwan '' a brand new Blugrass fan will be born . Music does not have to be top 40 pop to be culturally significant . `` Wires and Wood '' is proof of that .
 This is a CD you can listen to time and time again and enjoy it like its the first time hearing it . Alot of heart is in the music and you hear it with every note . Thanks Johnny !
 Johnny Staats is a real talent . . I ca n't get enough of his music . Those of us in WV are lucky to be close enough to him to see him live , but it 's only a matter of time before he goes &#34; big time . &#34;
 This CD by Johnny Staats exceeded my expectations . It represents some of the finest mandolin music I have ever heard . I will admit that I have not listened to a lot of mandolin music so I say this as someone who likes country music and contemporary music . I particularly liked that many of the selections were original , especially Jessica 's Lullaby . My favorite selection on the CD was the Bonus selection which I refer to as the &#34; Thank You , stick a fork in my big butt &#34; song ... you will only understand this if you listen to the song :-RRB- . The Bonus selection does not appear to be originally done as a recording for the CD . The mandolin playing in it is awesome and it is a lot of fun to listen to the bantor at the end of the song . I really enjoyed this CD and if it is representative of Johnny Staats music , I will be looking for other CDs by him .
 I bought this CD when it was first published , and have been listening to it over and over and over , especially while driving . The instrumental tracks are really good , and so are the vocal tracks . Over the years I have purchased other Johnny Staats CDs , including `` Wound for Sound , '' which is another amazing album . Keep up the excellent playing Mr. Staats and other musicians on your albums !
 Saw them at an outdoor concert and they were great . This is a good cd even if you do not care that much for bluegrass you will like this .
 I agree with everything said by everyone else , but the piece that really really grabs me is `` Jessica 's Lullaby '' . It 's a masterpiece composition and performance , absolutely beautiful !!! I 've worn my CD out and I just ordered a replacement .
 This is simply the most amazing new CD I have heard in a long time .
 Got this CD as a birthday present a few weeks ago , and I have n't stopped listening to it yet . The first ` bluegrass ' CD I 've owned , but it 's a doozy ! Lots of great songs and wonderful instrumentals . I especially liked the songs , `` Coal Tatoo '' and `` Legend of the Ghost Coon '' -- oh , and `` Escape from Taiwan '' was amazing ! His music is very lyrical and expressive -- and incredibly fast!All in all , a great CD ; I hope Johnny Staats makes another one , because I plan to buy it .
 I 'm not usually a bluegrass fan , but I ca n't get enough of this album ! Whether Johnny is playing slow or lightning fast , it 's ear candy all the way . I 'm always waiting to hear what he 'll do next ! The vocal songs feature rich harmonies that have you singing along in no time , and the melodies are beautiful . A ` must have ' CD !
 These are the words I find myself and others are saying about this CD . Not only is Johnny quick , -LRB- which he is -RRB- , but the FEELING he puts into this project is what struck me.Living as I do in East TN ... a hot bed of Bluegrass ... I have been exposed to some of the finest musicians that ever laid a pick to a string . Johnny Staats is among the best of them ! This truly comes out on `` Wire & Wood '' . I have a fairly extensive collection of Bluegrass , Folk , and Americana CDs . This disc has been # 1 on my `` playlist '' for weeks . It is well written , performed , and produced . Add to the `` Staats Magic '' , all the great pickers and vocalists heard here and this has the makings of a CLASSIC . No matter if you are a first time Bluegrass buyer or if you remember when Lester and Earl played with Bill Monroe ... This CD is a MUST HAVE !
 On this Debut CD Johnny Staats offers some of the most thrilling mandolin playing in years . Nimble fingered , precise , and fun - if every UPS driver could play like this we would have packages flying in all directions ! Staats is backed by the likes of Sam Bush and Jerry Douglas - both are two of the most respected musicians playing in Country/Bluegrass today -LRB- Bush and Douglas contributed to Dolly Parton 's 1999 release `` The Grass is Blue '' -RRB- . Back up vocals are provided by folks such as Kathy Mattea and Tim O'Brien . CD standouts are the Jazz inspired `` Mandolin Meltdown '' and the Celtic influence of pieces like `` The Legend of the Ghost Coon '' , and `` Shafer 's Reel '' . Other standouts , such as the CD 's title track `` Wires and Wood '' , and `` Timbuktu are played with a gentle Country/Folk styling . There just is n't a bad piece on this CD -LRB- most were composed by Staats -RRB- . My favorite is `` Jessica 's Lullaby '' - a graceful tribute to Staats Daughter . Buy this and enjoy .
 Virtuoso is inadequate to describe the ability of Johnny Staats . He does things on the mandolin I thought were humanly impossible . His vocal sound is pure and simple , yet passionate . Even if you have never listened to bluegrass or envisioned the mandolin as a lead instrument , give this CD a try . I firmly believe you will never hear better or more interesting mandolin playing in your life unless one of his children is taught by him .
 Johnny Staats can just flat out PICK ! His style owes a bit of debt to Sam Bush ; in fact , there are several selections from this CD that remind one of the early , pre-Bela Newgrass Revival -LRB- Bush appears on track one , Scott Vestal 's chromatic style picking is reminicent pf that employed by original Revival banjoist Courtney Johnson , and John Cowan is featured on most of the other tracks -RRB- . But the combination of technique -LRB- Johnny loves to use pull-offs , which add snap and synchopation to the max -RRB- , soul , and speed -LRB- `` Escape from Taiwan '' will blow you away -RRB- make Staats a true original in the bluegrass/newgrass arena . And while Johnny 's singing may seem a bit rough-hewn , it is authentic and heartfelt.This is the best debut bluegrass effort that I 've heard in a long time - in its own way as fresh and exciting as the initial efforts of Hot Rize , Alison Krauss , and The Seldom Scene . Look out for Johnny Staats !!!
 I bought this album 2 months ago . It has not stopped playing since.NOT 1 ONE BAD TRACK !! I played it for my group of high school students while they were taking a test on Saturday ... Remember , they are High School students . THEY LOVED IT , and you know what kind of music they listen to.It lifted the entire class ! -LRB- did n't do much for their comprehension/retention levels -RRB- -LRB- however , it did enhance the rest of their day , and mine -RRB- Ca n't wait for the next album ! In the meantime I will just listen to this one over , and over , and over , again .
 ... Everyone from the artists to producer to the engineers did a great job . This CD has a tremendous aural depth and richness . Every time I listen to it -LRB- which is over a dozen times in a week -RRB- , I find a new nuance or riff I did n't hear before.If this album is n't nominated for a Grammy , it 's a crime . I know Bluegrass does n't sell like Pop , but Johnny Staats is easily the best new artist to come along in years .
 Never been much for bluegrass/country music but this CD is wonderful . Each song is well crafted and the mandolin playing is absolutely amazing . Put my order in for his next CD !
 This album joins the slim ranks of inspired music creations . Many artists produce one or two inspired performances on replayable media ... the group working this album did it with the first public media release and hit the mark on almost every piece . I play the set loud ... and often . Hope they get together for another media release .
 I mostly listen to classical music , but this is the album I listen to most often . Johnny Staats 's technical skill and great improvisations put him in a class with any of the great improvisers of music in any tradition , from Classical to Jazz .
 In addition to all of the positive feedback I 'd like to add that the musicians and vocalists on this project are amazing . The songs are chosen for a listening audience and listening is what I have been doing for the past months since receiving this CD . This is a delightful project and I can hardly wait for the next .
 Wow ! I consider myself a rock fan at heart , but I heard Johnny Staats at an NPR show in town and was very impressed , so I thought I would give his CD , Wires and Wood , a try . I was blown away ! Great musicians , great songs , superb talent ! I am a proud West Virginian , and this fills me with even more pride ! No matter what kind of music you enjoy , give this CD a listen and I think you will agree that Johnny Staats and his band have put together some incredible music .
 If long after you have played the CD , the tune echos in your mind ! It true Jonny can pick a mean mandolin - an instrument rarely used in old style bluegrass - but he also shares the spotlight with others in his group . Sam Bush and Jim Hurst can be heard taking a lead , and round out the sound nicely . Listen to `` Catch Me If You Can '' for a good lesson on harmony , and balance . And Jonny Staats drives a UPS truck by day ! With music of this caliber , hopefully not for long .
 It would be a scream if UPS would use Johhny and his music in one of those `` I want to race the Truck '' ads with Dale Jarrett - that would be such a hoot!I think that the veteran artists who really make a contribution to this project are definitely John Cowan and Tim O'Brien . Their support was insturmental -LRB- and vocal ! -RRB- to this project . And that says a lot right there . `` Coal Tattoo '' should be the West Virginia state anthem , no matter what the encyclopedia says , and this version -LRB- with Kathy Mattea and Cowan on harmonies -RRB- is a heart stopper.My people are Scotch-Irish hillbillies from around Parkersburg , so naturally this album connects for me at an almost cellular level . I was really hacked off that the IBMA did n't honor this guy as emerging new artist . It is `` mountain music . '' It transcends the narrow -LRB- and sometimes hackneyed -RRB- confines of `` bluegrass . `` But you 've got to remember , this guy is an `` amateur . '' But keep in mind , an amateur built the Ark , the world 's top professionals built the Titanic .
 This disc could appeal to just about any musical taste - he is that talented . The songs are as high caliber as his talent . A must buy for anyone who likes bluegrass or country for that matter . I have been giving loads of copies to friends .
 Two words for this album
 I bought this album 2 months ago . It has not stopped playing since.NOT 1 ONE BAD TRACK !! I played it for my group of high school students while they were taking a test on Saturday ... Remember , they are High School students . THEY LOVED IT , and you know what kind of music they listen to.It lifted the entire class ! -LRB- did n't do much for their comprehension/retention levels -RRB- -LRB- however , it did enhance the rest of their day , and mine -RRB- Ca n't wait for the next album ! In the meantime I will just listen to this one over , and over , and over , again .
 Wheni first heard Johnny 's music , i could hardly believe my ears . the incredible fingerwork and clarity is unbelievable , the variety of songs should have something for every taste too , i think they are all fantastic , and am eagerly awaiting Johnny 's next effort
 This is one of the best CD 's that I have heard in a long time . I listen to it almost everyday with my two year old daughter who just loves it . Johnny has a amazing talent and he is a great musician .
 About a year ago , while in Parkersburg , West virginia , Iwas given a copy of `` Escape from Taiwan `` Which was a copy made of Johnny `` s live performanance during the competion He won at Charleston , W.Va . Since then I had searched for an album by this incredably versitile and richly talented musician , singer , song writer . Johnny , I 'm glad you went all the way to Taiwan to to have that `` Old McDonald '' tour experience ! Out of that bad exreience came an album I ca n't help sharing with others . Do it again Johnny ! You 've definately have my attention . Thanks also , to every one of the many fine and talented artists who conspired to help Johnny produce this treasure . It was WELL worth the wait !
 Make no mistake
 This musicainship on album is so good it will enthrall even non bluegrass fans.The crisp , clean , taught string artistry wound by jim hurst and johnny staats will draw you in . Music and compostion this good transcend genre.Escape from Taiwan resembles Steely Dan . Blow some old New York hippies mind turn them on to bluegrass . This is the album to do it .
 I 'm still listening to this cd about once a month even after owning it for 2 years . All I have to say is that it 's time for another one . I 've been ready for 2 years !
 I had the wonderful opportunity to meet and work putting together a concert for Johnny Staats a few years ago . What a wonderful person ! I admit , I 'm not much of a fan of this type of music for the most part . I 'm in college , and I love to listen to rap and pop , but when I heard this CD , I immediately fell in love with it ! If you appreciate talented artists , you will love this CD !
 I 've listened to a lot of mandolin , from classical Italian to US bluegrass , and Johnny Staats is the most amazing musician I 've ever heard . He wears my ears out trying to listen , sometimes to the point that I do n't even know what instrument I 'm listening to . Some of this music simply defies stereotypical description . It came to me from a recommendation of a friend of mine , and it 's the most pleasant surprise I 've had in years !!!
 Johnny Staats must play the mandolin with a fire extinguisher handy . After listening to his debut album , I have a mental image of smoke rolling off his fingers as he plays.The music here certainly is n't classical bluegrass , but has it 's roots there , along with other Celtic influences . His choice of material is varied , ranging from slow lulabys to frantic virtuoso intrumentals . I enjoyed the variety.Although Sam Bush , Tony Rice and others have been producing music in this vein for a while , Staats proves he 's their equal in all regards . His technique is flawless and clean . He never resorts to tired , patented licks . He wrote almost all the material on this album and it 's fresh , compelling , and entertaining . In fact , some of the songs are amazing in their complexity , like `` Catch Me if You Can '' . Main and sub themes are interwoven like a tapestry , playing off each other while building to the final conclusion . The other band members are veteran players who contribute flawless performances.I personally feel this album is a classic of it 's type . I ca n't imagine it being done much better .
 Have you ever heard a song on the radio that made you stop what you were doing ? That 's what happened to me when I heard an amazing mandolin player on NPR . Imagine my delight when I learned this talented musician was West Virginia native , Johnny Statts . The reputation of being a `` lighting fingered mandolin player '' is well earned ... and even more amazing when you are able to see him perform in person . His band , `` The Delivery Boys '' , -LRB- aptly named since Johnny still works his day job as a UPS driver -RRB- deserve equal credit for their contributions . I have a feeling -LRB- and hope -RRB- that his `` Wires and Wood '' album is only the start ! My favorite tracks include Mandolin Meltdown , Escape from Taiwan , and Coal Tatoo . If you like bluegrass/newgrass/country ... or simply respect amazing talent and traditional instruments ... then this album is a treat .
 I love this CD . The vocal tracks are interesting , but the instrumental numbers are in a class by themselves . I 'm not even sure this work should be characterized as bluegrass . Staats is clearly influenced by a wide variety of musical styles and he is a master musician . I would highly recommend this cd to anyone who 's interested in an alternative to Top-40 pop or country .
 This CD has fast become my favorite and is enjoyed by all who hear it . Here 's hoping this venture will help make bluegrass more mainstream . How long do we have to wait for the nest one ?
 I have been looking for this CD for a long time . I 'd seen this band with Cheap Trick back in 1989 and was very impressed with their stage presence and musicianship . This CD made it to me in a very short time and I jammed it many times in my car . Thank you so much !
 This is the debut album by American melodic hard rock/AOR band `` House of Lords '' originally released in 1989 . `` House of Lords '' , arguably the archetypal AOR super-group of the lat e 80s , were actually a re-formed version of the band `` Giuffria '' . Under Gene Simmon 's management , AOR hero Greg Giuffria reunited with former `` Giuffira '' members guitarist Lanny Cordola and bassist Chuck Wright -LRB- who played on the debut album -RRB- . The line up also featured `` Fifth Angel '' / Alice Cooper drummer Ken Mary and last but not least , singer James Christian who would led the band through the decades . `` House of Lords '' arguably set to combine the most appealing elements of 80s rock drawing from such subgenres as melodic hard rock , AOR and glam metal . Perhaps the album 's greatest achievement comes down to the fact that all musicians are given room to shine on `` House of Lords '' each of the five a protagonist in their own right.Songs commonly open on Giuffria 's imaginative keyboard harmonies which also kick in during the choruses . Lanny 's guitar is just as much in the spotlight delivering thick opening riffs and flamboyant melodic shredding . Ken Mary 's drum attack is up front in the mix while the stickman holds nothing back delivering big toms and the occasional double bass attack . The latter is perfectly complemented by Wright 's bass lines handling everything from pomp AOR , to hair metal to melodic hard rock , delivering the appropriate tone on each occasion . Finally there is Chrisitan 's monumental performance making instant classics out of `` Pleasure Palace '' , `` Edge of your life '' , `` Hearts of the world '' and `` I wan na be loved '' . `` House of lords '' would go through various line-up changes in the following years , break up and re-form with only consistency provided by James Christian who went on to lead the group in the new millennium effectively releasing a string of superior melodic hard rock albums . Still the `` House of Lords '' debut still stands as the very definition of a super-group at work !
 Desperate for a measure of real success that had so far eluded them , the members of melodic rock band Giuffria turned to KISS mastermind Gene Simmons for guidance . Simmons 's solution was to change the band 's name to House of Lords -LRB- good call -RRB- and sack vocalist David Glen Eisley in favor of James Christian -LRB- another good call , and I say that as a big DGE fan -RRB- . The band released their self-titled debut in 1988 on Simmons 's own label.The initial House of Lords release contained several songs that were originally intended for a third Giuffria album , so it 's not surprising that the album has a strong Giufrria resemblance . It 's a bit harder-hitting though , owing more to the era 's popular hair metal scene than the AOR scene that Giuffria emerged from . I do n't think you could call this a hair metal album though . Greg Giuffria 's majestic keyboards give the music a more epic feel , and even with the standard love song lyrics the album never comes across as juvenile as the average Poison or Warrant release . The musicianship is high caliber as well , and James Christian does a great job filling Eisley 's shoes . Lanny Cordolla 's melodic guitar hooks are a highlight , as is the impressive use of backing vocals.House of Lords ranks alongside King Kobra and Hurricane as one of the decade 's most impressive -LRB- and most overlooked -RRB- melodic rock artists . Anyone interested in 80 's rock and metal really should check out what House of Lords was all about , and this album is a good place to start . It 's also one of the only early HoL albums that can still be found for a reasonable price.NOTE
 This is one of those albums that you may not have picked up in its first release back in the very late 1980 's , and if you did n't , now is your chance . What you have here is a combination of all the parts that made the 80 's metal mixture complete
 The debut by House Of Lords is a great album of thoughtful progressive hard rock . The opener , `` Pleasure Palace '' , reminds me of when I went to Las Vegas and Atlantic City , while `` Under Blue Skies '' discusses how G-d has the ultimate power over what happens to us . There is some filler here , but the great songs are enough to make this a five-star album .
 From the keyboard intro to Pleasure Palace all the way to the end of Jealous Heart , this album never fails to deliver . There are no filler tracks , every song is a 110 % example of what a classic rock song should sound like . Where are they now ...
 This band rocks , smooth vocals by Greg Giuferia and production by Gene Simmons ... a solid combination that merits your attention if you 're a serious rock fan .
 Simply a great album ; worth buying . `` I just want to be loved '' is clearly the commercial hit of the album .
 No matter what anyone has said SARAHA is the best by this group . I just wish I could find it again . I have looked all over for an old copy for about 4 years now and ca n't find one if anyone know how to get one please email me .
 I agree with everyone else but I too am looking for Sahara -- everywhere I look they tell me it is not pressed anymore . If anyone knows where to get it please email me with details .
 Este es sin duda una gran album fruto de la uni&oacute;n de grandes m&uacute;sicos de la epoca !! Si bien es cierto que es producido por Gene Simmons , el estilo de esta banda es &uacute;nico y solido . A mi manera de ver las cosas , este album se puede considerar como un Obra Maestra -LRB- MasterPiece -RRB- del Heavy Metal !!!!! Excelente !!!
 I HAVE LISTENED TO THESE GUYS FOR YEARS AND WORN TAPES OUT IN THE PAST AND TRYING TO FIND CD 'S TO REPLACE THEM . I FOUND `` HOUSE OF LORDS '' AND `` DEMONS DOWN '' BUT I 'M HAVING TROUBLE FINDING `` SAHARA '' . THESE GUYS ARE FANTASTIC IN SO MANY WAYS THEY PLAY IT IN MANY PERSPECTIVE 'S . I 'M SURPRISED THEY DID N'T LAST LONGER THAN THEY ACTUALLY DID . ESPECIALLY WITH TOMMY ALDRIDGE JOINING ON `` DEMONS DOWN '' . GOT TA COMPLETE MY SET , ... STILL LOOKING FOR `` SAHARA '' .
 Love the band , love the album but ... I have an album with songs like Sahara and Chains . Where are they on this album ? A must have if you love a perfect mixture of Guitar , great vocals , and a keyboard . Great stuff !
 France 's Axe Killer labels latest re-issue is the House of Lords first album -LRB- CD -RRB- . This has always been one of my favorite albums , and I was eager to hear the `` new and improved '' version . A bit of background , House Of Lords was formed out of the group `` Giuffria '' -LRB- who released 2 albums , the 1984 self-titled , and the 1986 Silk + Steel -RRB- . Greg Giuffria -LRB- keyboards -RRB- , Lanny Cordola -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Chuck Wright -LRB- bass - who played on the first G. album -RRB- and new members , drummer Ken Mary , and vocalist James Christian -LRB- who exec producer and label owner Gene Simmons had recommended -RRB- . The two later releases from this group featured various band members -LRB- between the two Giuffria albums , and the three HOL albums , there was never the same line-up twice -RRB- ! A few songs on this album -LRB- Pleasure Palace , Slip of the Tongue , Under Blue Skies , and Jealous Heart -RRB- were written during the Giuffria time period , with then vocalist David Glen Isley sharing the writing credit . If you have always had this album , as I have -LRB- which originally came out on CD , Cassette , * and * vinyl in 1988 on now-defunct Simmons label -RRB- there are no surprises . If not , you missed a classic and now is your chance . The album is a heavy keyboard driven -LRB- with a great extended keyboard based intro . to the first track , Pleasure Palace -RRB- , yet with the guitar parts blending and countering perfectly . The songs range from the heavier side -LRB- Pleasure Palace , Slip of the Tongue , Hearts of the World -RRB- to upbeat melodic rockers -LRB- I Wan na Be Loved , Lookin ' for Strange , Under Blue Skies , Call My Name -RRB- to a heavy/power-ballad style where the band really achieves their own sound -LRB- Edge Of Your Life , Love Do n't Lie , Jealous Heart -RRB- . A bonus is the 1 minute acoustic guitar piece by Lanny Cordola prior to the last track , Jealous Heart . This album seems to continue in the direction that the band Giuffria was going in , although overall it 's heavier than Silk + Steel , yet the instrument arrangements are similar . It is also similar to the two other HOL releases , Sahara -LRB- also recently re-issued by Axe Killer -RRB- and the hard to find Demon 's Down , as well as James Christian 's solo album , Rude Awakening . Regarding the `` re-packaged '' version , I have to give high marks . The original packaging was a black and white booklet with lyrics and credits . -LRB- The vinyl version had a clear plastic insert , no lyrics , credits on the back cover . -RRB- The Axe Killer version has a full color booklet , with lyrics , credits , individual member photos and a group photo , and a brief one page liner note mainly on the background of Greg and his previous bands . The back insert has the serial number listed out of the 3000 copies being made , and the jewel case comes in a cardboard outer sleeve , with a larger front cover emblem , and the song listing on the back . The `` bonus track '' ... well , it 's actually a remix of Love Do n't Lie , which appears to be the `` radio edit '' -LRB- read
 One of the best pop-metal albums of the late Eighties , this offering was largely overlooked by both fans and critics alike . Heavily influenced by keyboard rhythms and classical/metal style solos , this album offers a more progressive type of pop-metal . Cuts such as `` Jealous Heart , `` Edge Of Your Life '' , `` Under Blue Skies '' , and `` Pleasure Palace '' set the overall mood of this debut CD from House Of Lords . This disc actually offers a higher quality of musicianship than many of the other more well known `` where are they now '' bands offered in the late Eighties . `` House Of Lords '' is an album containing a little more substance than just `` T & A tunes '' -LRB- although `` Slip Of The Tongue '' is an exception -RRB- , and tries a little harder to refine its artistic edge . Definitely worth a listen if you enjoyed the style that the Eighties offered , yet do n't want just radio metal , this disc displays a more refined and coordinated style of writing than many of the other albums released around the same time . Produced by Kiss ' Gene Simmons .
 Whew !! This CD simply grabs you and wo n't let go ! I had purchased this CD several years back on the RCA label . I was pleased to learn that AxeKiller had recently re-mastered this epic of late 80s Pomp . Axekiller has improved the quality of this recording considerably . Also , the CD slip cover scores points as well - nicely done packaging!From `` Pleasure Palace '' through to `` Jealous Heart '' this release is strong and will not disappoint.The opener , `` Pleasure Palace '' , showcases the keyboard mastery of Gregg Giuffria - one of the most creative players in the rock business . The entire band executes this number perfectly.James Christian and Lanny Cordola deliver scorching performances on `` Jealous Heart '' , a track co-written by Giuffria/Eisley . This track is high on emotion and really hits hard . After a few listens you may well concede it to be the finest song on this release.Yes , this is truly what rock was meant to be . Just think how great rock music would be today if 80s metal was not `` intentionally killed '' by record companies and disgusting -LRB- can you say `` baggy '' ? -RRB- 90s fashion and mentality.A
 House of Lords was a terrific band back then in the hair metal era . This first album from the band is surely very consistent from its beginning to its end . Extremely high quality music ! I can say that the three albums the band recorded in those years are the pinnacle of Gregg Giuffria music and some of the best music of that decade . Greg was Angel 's keyboard player in the past and after that he tried another time with a band called Giuffria to reach another huge commercial success and high level of music quality . But he had to wait until House Of Lords were born to obtain another time what he deserved . This music is epic , melodic , powerful hair metal , some of the best music of the period for sure . The sound of the band had great impact . The fusion between nice keyboard sounds and heavy distorted sounds generated an extraordinary powerful amalgama in the hands of these men . James Christian voice was superlative in the category and the songwriting consitently high on all the original three albums -LRB- this one , Sahara and Demons down -RRB- . I treasure the three albums fron the band I was fortunate enough to have bought them at that time . Now they are unavailable unfortunatly . If you find them and you like fantastic energetic , high quality hair metal , buy them immediatly .
 I never thought this album would come out remastered . I 'm glad I was wrong . This is a good sounding remaster . The base might be just a bit overdone though . I 'm always for great base but it seems to overwhelm this disc just a bit . I think overall it does sound better than the old CD , but I have kept the old one just the same until I can compare them a bit more . The music of course is fantastic . Great guitar work , great keys , James Christian 's vocals are great as well . My favorite tracks are definately `` Lookin ' for Strange '' , and `` Slip of the Tongue '' , although there are no bad ones on this album .
 i love this album , pure pomp rock style only done with muscianship . every song on here is a masterpiece no denying it . it has 3 awesome factors
 I do n't know if everyone is aware , but this is a re-release CD . This originally came out in 1988 , when I bought it on tape . All the songs are the same and in the same order . This is there second best CD . The first tape , w / four songs came out in the summer of 1987 . Three songs are on this CD , but there is a song that you will only find on that original tape called `` waiting on love . '' That is their best song EVER . If you can find that tape , buy it just for that song , it 's worth it !!! Anyway , Sahara , by far as everyone else has said , was there best CD and I 'm sure it will be re-released in the future , just as this CD was . My favorite song off Sahara would have to be `` Ca n't find my way home , '' but all 10 songs are AWESOME . Demon Down is my least favorite CD and I guess the band broke-up because they started to loss their edge . Anyway , they where and always will be one of my top 10 . To the group , you get 5 stars based on the fact you were one of the greatest bands of the 80 's and into the 90 's .
 Hard not to be lost for words with this one ... its brilliant . After the chequered releases of Angel , then the faltering quality of Giuffria 's follow up , ` House of Lords ' debut arrived and said loud and clear ` we deserve attention ' . Problem being once again for Mr Giuffria that his band was in the wrong place at the wrong time , during a period when all people cared about was big hair and Motley Crue 's squealings . This CD contains ten slabs of monsterously under appreciated pomp rock . Swirling keyboards welcome us to the `` Pleasure Palace '' a great opener , the pace slows for the first single being `` I Wan na Be Loved '' which introduces us all proper to James Christian 's velvet vocals , that in retrospect come across kinda like an amalgam of David Coverdale and Paul Rogers . Next we launch into the gem `` Edge of Your Life '' which quite simply could inspire you to charge into battle in the highlands of Scotland being so powerful and almighty in its content . Only two songs kinda disappoint here in my opinion and they both perhaps were recommendations from associate producer Gene $ immons being sex angled ditties `` Looking For Strange '' -LRB- is Gene in there ? -RRB- and `` Slip of the Tongue '' . Things certainly improve big time with the trio that follow being `` Hearts of the World '' , a chest beating anthem , `` Under Blue Skies '' another battle hymn and `` Call my Name '' read jaw dropping ! I 've left until last mention of `` Love Do n't Lie '' and `` Jealous Heart '' cause even though they are essentially `` love songs '' and a little independant in content to the rest on offer here , they too are magnificant . I bet Paul Stanley wished he could have written them both . Rumour has it the band is back in action ... and even if I 'm the only one who cares , I 'll care alot ! Buy on sight !
 This is a great cd from a great rock band that came from the greatest era -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- in rock music . This is a cd that I have listened to almost everyday since I got it . It is that good . Every song on there rocks and if you are a fan of House of Lords or even just a fan of 80 's rock , this is a cd for your collection .
 This cd will take you back over the years from the very early Helix To the most current Helix . This is a lot of the stuff that has never been heard or only heard as b-sides . with two songs from the glory olden days , you 'll be able to tell that this is rock from late 70 's . This is a must have for any Helix fan . I was glad to have purchased this cd . The only cd left that I am dying for is the Wild In The Streets , so guys if you 're out there and you read this , release the cd , your fans request it and you must tour San Diego ... Again this is a must have cd
 One of the very best new funk/rock/R & B bands out there , similar in vein to Maroon 5 but with a heavy dose of Stevie Wonder !
 This is one of my favorite cds . A must have . Very well done !
 When you 're browsing through the Reggae CD 's at these mega stores , you are bombarded with all kinds of compilation CD 's of which sometimes the covers already say enough . `` DO N'T BUY ME '' , they scream.There 's a big change you 're going to skip this one too . The picture on the cover is n't really attractive , and we 've seen too many albums with titles such as this one to be convinced that it really describes the content.And this is definitely not the ultimate Reggae Dub and Riddim collection . Obviously.However , if I were you I would n't skip over this collection too soon either . Because it really does give you a good impression of Dub music.Two discs carrying pretty interesting stuff ! Full albums that can really be considered crucial , along with some very nice singles , this collection really is packed to the max.What to say about the full album DUB ROCKERS DELIGHT , simply presented as a collection of Sly and Robbie dubs on this `` compilation '' ? Tunes which have been sung over by none less than Don Carlos and Lacksley Castell . Yes , that one surely is crucial.The album is followed by a selection of King Tubby mixes of riddims layed down by Sly and Robbie in the Channel One Studio . Before the Roots Radics became the Channel One Studio Band , Sly and Robbie have been the backbone of two preceding studio-bands
 And I say this based on hearing a single song -LRB- `` Pour '' -RRB- from from a Putumayo World Music collection `` American Folk '' . On that basis , I am going to buy the album , and I hope you will too , she truly deserves it . Emotions are conveyed intimately and harrowingly with a warm and very beautifully real voice , with her special twist and modulation . Lyrics are original , raw , and sometimes surprising with an insight that becomes much more apparent when you hear her sing
 I LOVE this CD . I listen to it often while studying - the album flows wonderfully ... I find it hard to compare to anyone else , though I am a big fan of Alison Krauss , the Wailin Jennys , and the like , if that tells you anything.Buy it ! You wo n't be sorry !
 Lori McKenna has a grit to her lyrics and vocals that harken back to the greats of country like Johnny Cash and Merle Haggard . She also has the sort of lyrical imagery , roughshod vocals and sad songs that beg to be compared to Lucinda Williams . She is all this and more.The album opens strongly with the driving desperation of small town escape that is `` Bible Song , '' which still manages to pause briefly to show us a moment of her offbeat view of the world when she pauses in the middle of describing her a cousins 's suicide to ponder `` and how does she explain to those kids about the sorry thing Daddy did . '' `` Stealing Kisses '' plays like a prequel to John Prines classic `` Angel From Montgomery . '' However , possibly the strongest moment on the cd is the spectrum spanning tales of addiction `` If You Ask '' and `` Monday Afternoon . '' Lest you think all is gloom and doom however , McKenna proves she can do the lighter end of the register , with the confectiony sweet `` Mr. Sunshine . '' The only weak note is the immature `` Lone Star '' but it is lyrically spot on and McKenna takes such relish in advising her old classmate `` tell the girls in the beer line/that you 're an old , good friend of mine '' that it ranks , at worst , as a guitly pleasure.Lori McKenna is one of the best voices to come on the scene in a long time -- both as a singer and a writer .
 If you want to hear someone who means what she says and says what she means , look no further than McKenna 's Bittertown . A musical tour of a blue collar small town , McKenna portrays the ups and downs tunefully and insightfully . The overarching theme is trying to get out but never quite making it -- having to make do with what you got the best you can . Standouts include the opening three songs Bible Song , Mr. Sunshine , and One Man and the undeniable Stealing Kisses which sounds like it 's sentimental but is n't and makes you wonder how much is going unnoticed right under your nose . It is similar to Iris Dement 's `` Easy 's Getting Harder Everyday '' and just as good.McKenna is one tough cookie
 I feel like I know of all the residents of Bittertown through Lori 's songs . Her songwriting is amazing . She is up there with the best !
 With a voice incomparable and an amazing touch for music , as well as excellent orchestration and outstanding mixing , Lori McKenna wins an unqualified thumbs up . Oh man , she 's so good ! Lori McKenna 's voice gets under the skin , is good to the point of not needing to be precise . She never goes for the obvious `` gim me '' phrases and writes well enough to keep you entrigued . The album has quiet areas , but no low points -- there is no bad song . Numerous high points include One Man and Lone Star . Bittertown can only be , and has been well enjoyed .
 I stumbled upon Lori McKenna while searching for original music . What I found was an enlightened , gifted singer , song writer . Her songs go straight to the core . Thank God for the ability to preview songs from the album , because once you listen , you will be hooked ...
 Ahh . There is something out there after all . A current , passionate , poetic and melodic reflection of the humanity of the humble folks we call people . Read the lyrics as you listen for the first time and you will be hooked on this lady .
 I ran across this album by accident in a music store . It was on a listening machine , and it looked kind of interesting . So , I sat down and gave it a chance . Wow , was I blown away . Insightful , interesting , emotional ... great music . It 's very reminiscent of Patti Griffin . Economy of words with an acoustic twist tell stories anyone can relate to . Listen to the clips ... give this album a chance . It 's worth the effort .
 I believe this is one of Lori 's best CD 's to date ! This compilation is like reading a great book . You want to find out what happens next ! The songs tell a story of life in a small working class town . In the end love heals all wounds . Lori is amazing . This is a must have !!!!
 Four words
 `` Paper Wings & Halos '' was a CD I found at a bargain basement price in a used bin . It was a revelation , amazing for its purity and sweetness . `` Bittertown , '' as might be expected from the title , is a darker view , but elegant and still sweet with McKenna 's melodic originality that puts her in a class with Lucinda Williams & Iris DeMent . Three of the tracks are my very favorites . `` Just because you lie in his bed do n't mean you mean the things you said ; they marry young in these parts ; they work the factory , '' she sings on `` Bible Song '' with a powerful vocal . This is a classic track . `` Mr. Sunshine '' is another of my favorites . Lori 's alto is strong like Nanci Griffith 's and wraps itself around the lyric , `` You scare me more than the hard times ; I know they 're coming around again . '' `` Pour '' is another stellar track , more simplified in arrangement with Kevin Barry 's lap steel guitar milking the country , `` I do n't know where my lover went , but I know he took the rent . '' All of the tracks on this set are consistently strong . McKenna 's voice is riveting , her songwriting is stark and original , and the band backs her up like a fond embrace . This is best of the year quality . Bravo !
 I enjoy reading other people 's reviews of CDs and will often buy a CD based on a good review or a series of comments , but I rarely review CDs myself . I am really surprised to see the lack of reviews for this CD . Simply put , this is one of the best CDs of the past several years . I listen to a lot of Female singers , from the country-folk-alt-rock genre - I 'm pretty sure I 've tried them all - and Lori is my favorite.And Bittertown is her best effort yet , a collection with great lyrics , imagery and mood , backed with equally impressive instrumentation and melodies . Dare I say Electic Nebraska ! Best tracks include Lone Star , If You Ask , Monday Afternoon , Bible Song , One Kiss Goodnight and a few others ... heck there are two only two weak tracks for my money . As an aside I have bought several copies for friends , something I rarely do since musical preferences are very personal .
 I just happened to catch Oprah with Faith Hill very recently . Lori was also on the show , as Faith Hill had apparently decided to use some of Lori 's songs in her new album . The show featured Lori singing part of `` Ruby 's Shoes '' -LRB- song not on this album but also great -RRB- . I was so moved by her lyrics and voice and decided I would Google her . That is how I came upon her most recent album . I was very surprised to see that she had released several albums in the past . Oprah gave the impression that she was a stay-at-home mom/songwriter who occasionally popped into clubs to test out her lyrics . Anyway , I was ecstatic to find that she had released music . Her voice is so heartfelt and so much more fitting to her lyrics than Faith Hill , whose voice is just too pop-py and pretentious for me . I never write reviews but felt obligated in this case as so few people have done so . Highly recommended !
 Typical reviews focus on her small town , simple life experience or compare her to a variety of established artists . While she clearly connects with people at this level , she is much , much more.Her lyrics do not say much on paper . But hear her sing them and they come alive . The tunes grab you and her voice , singing and personality cut through to the core.Stylistically these songs vary echoing some early folk with touches of country and rock . The music is clearly contemporary yet brings back memories of music from long before she was born.What unites the best , and that includes most of the songs on this album , is the combination of beautiful songs with a riveting performance . She plays with the rhythms , pushing to the edge but never falling . The songs are free of the sentimentality that plagues country notwithstanding subjects that sometimes risk this . Her singing is feisty with hints of anger that never cross over into self indulgence . Yet she touches the heart and at times is irresistible in the way best pop is.The production is interesting . At times it appears a little too rough though better this than Nashville slick . Her voice , which with her singing is the best part of this fine album , is often too far back . One has to focus too hard at times to hear her . The recording of her voice also seems to have been overly compressed . One can only hope for a better recording and even an SACD to really bring out her very special voice.In the end comparing her to other singer-songwriters misses the point . She is an irresistible original blending a variety of influences into unique songs delivered with real personality and beauty .
 I love music and I am always on the lookout for new artists . In a Border 's in Boston they had a small display dedicated to local artists where Lori 's CD and a local review were prominently featured . Her vocals , arrangements , lyrics and story-telling were compared to Lucinda Williams , Bruce Springsteen , Mary Chapin Carpenter ... so I purchased it and was not disappointed at all ! She has shades of all of these legends as well as that of newcomer Casey Chambers , a little folky side of Sheryl Crow and the Indigo Girls.Gritty , real , soulful , playful and catchy ... these are but a few of the words that I would use to describe her work . Her songs have echoed through my soul and bounced in and out of my heart . I travel a lot and have downloaded the CD to my MP3 player and have carted the CD with me for others to listen . She is a real talent , a great story teller whose lyrics stay with you like vignettes you get to visualize in your mind and play a part within your imagination ... a real treat and a real find . I have mixed feelings sharing my joy because I want so much to selfishly keep her to myself , but know I would do all music lovers an injustice by not sharing -LRB- and shouting -RRB- the news from up high about Lori 's BITTERTOWN ... enjoy ! These songs will joyfully haunt your soul !!
 Massachusetts singer-songwriter Lori McKenna follows her 2001 classic , `` Pieces of Me , '' with a folk-rock album that explores what happens to people who never leave the small towns where they grew up . Unlike Bruce Springsteen 's `` Born to Run '' characters , McKenna 's high school bullies , frustrated factory workers and bored cops never make it past that darkness on the edge of town . In the song `` Stealing Kisses , '' McKenna delivers the year 's best lyric
 This is my first Lori McKenna album . While a sample of her songs and the comparisons got my attention , I 'd say she compares to herself . She 's got a stepped up-bluegrass kind of sound and the gritty , solid voice that made many of country 's greats who they are . `` Bittertown '' is hard to classify and even harder to get out of your CD player . Give it a listen , I think you 'll agree Lori 's someone whose words are worth hearing .
 This album features Lori backed up by a full band including electric and bass guitars , drums , and piano . I think this is Lori 's attempt to go more mainstream with her music and she pulls it off well . This cd defies genres as it contains a bit of everything.The folksy/acoustic/ballad tunes include ` Stealing Kisses ' , ` The Ledge ' , ` Silver Bus ' , and ` If You Ask ' . The bluesy songs are ` Pour ' and ` My Sweetheart ' . ` Bible Song ' and ` One Man ' could be considered country . ` Lone Star ' could squeeze into the pop category . ` One Kiss Goodnight ' , ` Cowardly Lion ' , ` Mr. Sunshine ' , and ` Monday Afternoon ' are more upbeat modern rock-ish songs . Despite the added instruments , Lori 's lyrics are as raw , and straightforward as ever.Lori again brings the ups and downs of everyday life to song and sings them with a voice that is gripping . One word for this album
 I went out and purchased Lori McKenna 's ` Bittertown ' last year after hearing songs she wrote on Faith Hill 's ` Fireflies ' . This is an incredible album , definitely one of the best that I bought in 2005 . She has an interesting voice and beautiful lyrics , particularly on `` Bible Song '' , `` Stealing Kisses '' , `` The Ledge '' and `` Cowardly Lion '' . While Faith Hill -LRB- on `` Stealing Kisses '' and `` If You Ask '' , etc. -RRB- and Sara Evans -LRB- on `` Bible Song '' -RRB- sing McKenna 's songs very well on their latest albums , there 's no comparison to the original , though Hill does a great job on ` Fireflies ' . McKenna 's voice is not at all over the top or showy and it fits the songs she sings in a very pure and simple way . I would highly recommend this album , and others by this artist , to anyone .
 If you 're not already a fan of Dave Evans , you will be after listening to this powerful CD . Dave 's writing is excellent , his guitar and banjo work is outstanding , but it 's his gritty , soulful singing that is so outstanding . Whether he 's doing an old Carter Family song like `` Hello Stranger '' , one of the several tunes he wrote for the album like the title tune or the mournful `` C.O. Come And Get Me '' , or his original adaptation of Tom T Hall 's `` Last Public Hanging In West Virginia '' , his powerful singing really puts the song over in a truly unique way . This is a highly recommended album .
 I love all Dave Evans music , but this is the best yet ... Dave has the most unique voice in bluegrass , I wish everyone would give a listen to him , they would be hooked for life like me .
 WHAT A ALBUM EVERYONE SHOULD GO OUT AND GET THIS ONE IF YOUR ALREADY AFAN OR YOU SHOULD BECOME ONE WHAT A VOICE GREAT SOULFUL SINGING & PLAYING HIS VOICE IS SO POWERFUL HE FEELS HIS MUSIC TAKE NOTE BLUEGRASS FANS GET READY FOR FOR A FANTASTIC ALBUM DAVES BEST EFFORT TO DATE SHOULD GET PLENTY OF RADIO AIRPLAY
 I first heard Aynsley Lister on a Ruf sampler CD and really liked his cut . Then I saw that he does a regular blues column in the British guitar mag , `` Guitarist '' -LRB- comes with CD -RRB- . Liking both , I decided to take a chance on his only CD -LRB- that I could find , that is -RRB- . It is pricely , but just had a gut feel about him . I was NOT disappointed ! Crunchy guitar riffs , good leads , good songwriting ... vocals fine , but not gritty , smokey . I also like the sound of Walter Trout , Coco Montoya , Scott Holt , Gary Moore 's blues . If you 're in the same place , then you might like Aynsley .
 This is the very best of Mellencamp on a 3CD set . The only way it could be better is if it were a 4CD set with even more songs ! All the favorites ; all good ! Mellencamp has that classic folk-rock sound ; a message with a beat . This CD set is never far from my hands . It is a 100 % hands down best buy .
 As an amateur pianist and Mozart lover , I own the complete piano sonatas by three different artists
 It is something near to a cleansing experience to listen through the Mozart piano repertoire as performed by Daniel Barenboim.For starters , Mozart achieves his sparest , cleanest , most limpid lines when writing for solo piano . Then comes Daniel Barenboim , whose reading of Mozart is crisply and unemotionally classical . Not for him the drawn-out keyboard soliloquy . On the contrary , Barenboim gives us Mozart , only Mozart , and nothing but Mozart , clean and shimmering as sparkling mineral water.This is not to say that Barenboim as pianist is unfeeling . On the contrary , the Fantasia in C Minor - to choose just one example with almost random lack of care - is quite moving . But not with a flourish . Rather , with almost sinewy restraint . The presentation represents a fine grasp of the master composer , nurtured with discipline across the length and breadth of the voluminous sonatas.Indeed , the sheer volume of the Mozart piano sonatas is intimidating . It is astonishing to imagine one man having mastered it as Barenboim has . EMI Classics has done us the favor of collecting these two gentlemen 's asynchronic collaboration in one set , affordable at that.If Mozart is a musician for the ages and Barenboim a performer who left a formidable imprint on the twentieth century , their collaboration as represented in these recordings is a watershed that will need to be referenced by students of classical piano for at least another hundred years , or until people can only remember as far back as the Dixie Chicks.Buy Barenboim on Mozart before that happens , and so stick your thumb in the dike against the evil day .
 If this is not one of the great all time recordings of Mozart Piano Sonatas , I do not know what is ! Bravo , Mr. Barenboim , Bravo and Bravo and Bravo.Yes , sometimes the music seems almost to race , but the overall performance is heavenly , a formidable light touch!I have never heard anything so compelling . The birds sing in my garden when I play it with the window open . I am sure it is played as Mozart intended .8 CDs in this box , in modest cardboard envelopes , what treasure they contain ! At less than fifty dollars , this is a great bargain .
 Mozart is perhaps the greatest composer . This is a fine set of CDs and provide many fine hours of listening enjoyment .
 I love classical music . I 've learned to listen without being hyper-critical ; just lsitening with my heart . Barenboim is a gifted muscian , and this performance is yet another example of Daniel 's control of the keyboard . Endless hours of great musical listening .
 Daniel Barenboim played this whole set with an interesting approach to WAM . The notations about classical , beethovenian style are always hazardous.When you are a musician you must avoid in the cliche , and you should feel the music as a whole and the playing must be the consequence of a overlong process that begins in your soul , then your inner mood , your intellect and finally your fingers . I remark the aspect when you are in front of Mozart , Beethoven Wagner , Bruckner , Bach , Schubert and Bartok , because these composers are in a highest level than the others and the music itself is merely a device for expressing deeper issues.That 's why this set is superb . Barenboim plays a Mozart rich in expresiveness , he gives to Mozart presence . Barenboim plays music as Vegh or Furtwangler did it , always seeking the landscape far beyond the score . That 's why they are so original in their performances . The rapture is not a device for exhibite his skills , it '' s the final product of a long process.Acquire this set . It 's an unvaluable treasure .
 Barenboim playing Mozart has his critics , who say he 's `` too Beethovian '' when performing Mozart 's piano sonatas and piano concertos . I disagree ; I love his style . Others might not.My only complaint with this 8 CD set is that the advertised piano sonatas occupy the first 5 CDs ; the last three are piano variations -- interesting , but not of the quality of the sonatas themselves . Surely a less-expensive 5-CD set , providing just the sonatas advertised in the title , would offer better value for money . On the other hand , 5 great CDs for $ 48 is n't a bad deal .
 You like Mozart ? Who does n't ? Lots and lots of Mozart here . Buy this now !
 This is a Christmas present so I have n't heard it but it is done by a Master so it should be appreciated .
 Nothing to say , perfect ! La orquesta Aragon , la charanga de las charangas !!!
 This well-rounded collection of the better-known short works of Jean Sibelius is very well served by conductor Osmo V&auml;nsk&auml; and the Lahti Symphony Orchestra . It is one of those CDs for both the passionate lover of Sibelius ' music as well as a very fitting introduction to those who for some reason have not placed the great Finnish composer in their collection of recordings . While many of the works fall into the ` pops ' category -LRB- well known from frequent exposure -RRB- such as ` Finlandia ' , ` The Swan of Tuonela ' from the Lemmink&auml;inen , ` Valse Triste ' , and ` Tapiola ' , there are some significant works less well known in the concert halls . One of the more poignant of these is the ` Death of Melisande ' from the Pell&eacute;as et M&eacute;lisande incidental music - an example of the fine works for theater Sibelius composed -LRB- ` The Tempest ' being another of these rarely performed works -RRB- . V&auml;nsk&auml; and his orchestra give solid performances here , somehow making this collection cohesive.Jean Sibelius is growing in respect as one of the more important composers linking the Romantics with the Moderns and we are left to wonder what would have come from him had he not ceased composing for the last decades of his life -LRB- he died in 1957 -RRB- . For the past weeks the audiences for the Los Angeles Philharmonic have been blessed with Esa Pekka Salonen 's survey of his fellow countryman 's genius in a series he titled ` Sibelius Unbound ' . The survey included all seven symphonies and some tone poems and excerpts -LRB- one of those being the luminous ` Death of Melisande ' -RRB- and as Salonen approaches age fifty he has become the foremost interpreter of Sibelius ' music . Hearing all seven symphonies performed by the brilliant LA Phil in Disney Hall was indeed a revelation - and more profound and integrated renderings of the works will probably not be heard again . One only can hope that Salonen and the LA Phil will record the Sibelius cycle
 Finland has become a never-ending source of Sibelius recordings , and Osmo Vanska , who ranks as an international conductor at this point -LRB- he leads the Minnesota Orch . and tours widely -RRB- has made it his misison to spread the gospel . I 'm glad he combines the most well known of Sibelius 's incidental works -LRB- finlandia and the Swan of Tuonela -RRB- with others that no one but a Sibelius devotee would know . Two thing a listener knows going in
 If all you have is the symphonies , this is a nice start to sample Sibelius . The Swan of Tuonela is just one part of a set of four , but the V&auml;nsk&auml; version , along with J&auml;rvi , is one of my favorites.Buy the disc used , there are usually many copies . I got one and it was autographed !
 This rocks in a real r-n-r kinda way . I do n't remember why I bought this , but I 'm glad I did . Thick-n-crunchy -LRB- w/o any silly metal nonsense -RRB- .
 I first heard of these guys in a short article of Guitar World and later found this CD at a music show for pretty cheap and decided to pick it up . While the songs are very heavy complete with loud vocals , humorous lyrics , heavy fast power chords , and screaming solos , what do you expect from a 90 's punk band ? NP proves to the world , that they play what they want to and not what the public wants to hear . Their live shows sound very interesting complete with a fire-breathing bassist and crazy stage antics . If you like it loud and fast , give this one a try ! You got ta love the cover too , heh .
 I first heard Nashville Pussy when I bought the soundtrack to Dee Snider 's STRANGELAND . I was blown away , I wanted to go out and buy the album right away . They 're very cool and fun to listen to . I think they should get a song played on the radio , it would let more people know about them .
 I like Joe Sun 's voice which is a little different so I had to have this cd for my collection .
 I realy enjoy this CD , I have had Joe Sun 's alblums for years and was sooooo ! Happy !!! when I was finaly able to get a CD of his . After buying this CD I was able to contact Joe Sun and he sent me an autograffed CD !!!! You should buy this CD if your interested in hearing great music by one of the best all around artist ever !!!!
 If you like any song from R Kelly , you 'll love this album . I am hard pressed to find someone that does n't like R Kelly . He is the modern Bach or Chopain of R&B . There are probably 10 songs out of 19 on this album that you could listen to three times back to back and still want more . It is that good . The other 9 are excellent as well , though 3-4 are definitely catered towards slower music for women . If you play this for your woman she will definitely love you more . `` Strip for You '' and `` One Me '' are sure panty droppers if you want to set the mood . R Kelly is a music/love machine . I have been spoiled listening to R Kelly so much that other R&B artists just do n't do it for me anymore . There is only one artist I could listen to everyday , and that 's R Kelly . R Kelly is timeless , and TP-2 is about as R Kelly as R Kelly can get . One thing is for sure . There is only one R Kelly . His talent makes all these other wan na be artists pale in comparison .
 This is the best and my favorite R. Kelly 's album . Nuff said .
 Wow . What can I said ??? R.Kelly is The R&B King ... Period . This is by far one of the Best R&B Albums of all time . It have it all in just one whole album . Phenomenal Smooth Grooves , Sensual Hot Slow Jams , Pair of Blazing Club Banging Joints , a lil ' Hip-Hop , and even Gospel Tunes . R.Kelly is a Musical Genius . His Production , Writting and Arranging Skills shines in every song in this Masterpiece . All the songs are Flawless , Timeless , Relaxing and just Memorables . Is so difficult to pick my favorite songs because everyone of them are Heartfelt , So Soulful & Passionate . But if I got to choose my Top 10 songs here in this magnificent album I will pick : Not in order :1 -RRB- I Wish and His Ghetto Remix .2 -RRB- Strip For You .3 -RRB- I Do n't Mean It .4 -RRB- Just Like That .5 -RRB- One Me .6 -RRB- All I Really Want .7 -RRB- A Woman 's Threat .8 -RRB- Do n't You Say No. 9 -RRB- Feelin On Yo Booty .10 -RRB- The Storm Is Over Now.But I tell it from my heart and soul EVERY SONG IS JUST INCREDIBLE AND UNBELIEVABLE . R.KELLY JUST GIVES THE LISTENER WHAT THEY REALLY EXPECT FROM A CLASSIC ALBUM IS SUPPOSE TO BE.I RECOMEND TO EVERYONE WHO DOES N'T HAVE THIS DIAMOND GEM CD TO BUY IT NOW . IS R&B / SOUL AT HIS BEST !!!! PS
 From his first song , the self title album track `` TP-2 '' , to The Last Song `` The Beautiful and Touching `` The Storm Is Over Now '' you just have The Best 19 Track R&B ; / Soul Album Of All Time . When R.Kelly was writting this Amazing Masterpiece he was probably having the Best time with his wife and The Sexual Loving Way and he just want to show to the world how beautiful , joyful , painful , passionate and dedicated Love Can Be.All The songs are Blazing Hot and Maybe his Dedicated Beautiful but sad `` I Wish '' song to his Homies and to his Mom is The Best Song On The Album , but the ones who explain more his greatest sexual loving way of loving are
 R Kelly 's TP-2 . Com -LRB- 2000 -RRB- is a memorable R & B album . The moving single `` I Wish '' attracted me to getting this right off . Its an exceptional tribute song that some of us can relate to , the `` I Wish Remix '' is just as good for me , deep track that makes me remember a friend who died to young . R Kelly truly is a gifted singer , when he does songs like those two I appreciate his music even more . Early tracks that stand out me include the laid back loving song `` Greatest Sex '' , memorable `` I Do n't Mean It '' - really like the chorus and lyrics to this track about trying to be a better man , apologizing and being there for ones future wife . `` Just Like That '' is another track not to be missed . Love ballads like `` Do n't You Say No '' & `` One Me '' follow through nicely . `` A Woman 's Threat '' is powerful , the track about what happens when things go wrong . Upbeat `` All I Really Want '' flows through smoothly , and `` Feelin ' on Yo Booty '' is a slow jam to enjoy . `` Storm is Over Now '' a positive feel good track closes off the album well . `` TP-2 . Com '' is another impressive release from R Kelly , one that I would recommend for the collection .
 If you are looking for Love and Baby Making music , THIS IS THE OPTION FOR EVERYBODY . R.Kelly puts his ALL in to it . Every single song is Beautiful , Hot and Hot . Yeah , is that amazing that I ca n`t live my house without this Gem Classic CD . And is so unbelievable that also I buy 2 additional copies -LRB- one for the car and another for my living room -RRB- . Do the same and put your couple in the best loving mood in your lifes ... Get also 3 Copies . Trust Me !
 First All of the R.Kelly ` s Albums are Phenomenal Classics ... Every album he made is very entertaint one . As for this one , from the release date almost 3 years ago The TP-2 . COM Classic Album still makes me chills and feels butterflies in my heart and soul . Every I mean every single song is very heart felt song for him and he brings all his effort to it.I love the whole album , I do n`t have to skip a song here it is all greatness art sensual music on it . As some other fan may said here , `` R.Kelly is still ahead of the package '' . Because no one can beat him and his music . I rate this album 5 Stars because they ca n`t put another high number for rate . For me 100 Stars maybe can make a decent rate for this Masterpice . I Recomend this album for everyone who loves hot slow jams , Mid-tempo ballads , A Pair of Up-Tempo Ballads , Pair of Gospel Sound Beautiful Songs and even a touch and flavor between Latin and Hip-Hop Style . I LOVE IT ...
 WOOOOOOWWWWWWW . This is THE PERFECT BABY MAKING ALBUM OF ALL TIME . R.KELLY IS THE BEST ARTIST AND MUSICIAN OF ALL TIME . HE MAKING HIT ALBUM AFTER HIT ALBUM . And TP-2 . COM is THE BEST R&B ; / SOUL ALBUM EVER MAKE . It has what every person needs in his life SATISFACTION . THIS ALBUM MAKES ME FORGET OF ALL PROBLEMS OF LIFE . Also makes Me feel more strong and passionate person . I do n`t know why it has the `` Parental Advisory '' sign , IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BEAUTIFUL AND INSPIRING . ALL the 19 Songs are the BEST I HEARD IN MY LIFE , LISTEN CAREFULLY ... IT ` S MAGICAL MUSIC BY THE R&B ; KING . A UNBELIEVABLE , PHENOMENAL CLASSIC.EVERYBODY HAS TO HAVE THIS MASTERPIECE ... ESPECIALLY TRUE LOVERS.THE BEST SLOW JAMMING ALBUM OF ALL TIME . BUY 3 COPIES OF IT !!!
 Simply a Masterpiece album , THE BEST ALBUM EVER MADE , MY FAVORITE ALBUM OF ALL TIME . R.KELLY IS A MUSICAL GENIUS . HE PUTS ALL HIS HEART AND SOUL ON THIS CLASSIC . All the 19 songs are perfect blazing hot . But , my most heard are
 Simply R.Kelly can make music at his best.This is a Cd that you can hear from the start to the end . All the 19 songs are slamin , but my personal favorites are
 I LOVE THIS CD . THE WAY THE WHOLE CD IS IS GOOD . HE REALLY KNOW HOW TO PUT GOOD MUSIC ON HIS CD . IF U HAVENT HEARD IT U SHOULD CUS U DONT KNOW WHAT UR MISSING . GO GET IT IF U DONT HAVE IT .
 This is definitely one of R. KELLY 'S best ablums.He has some great `` baby-making '' music on this cd from songs ... `` THE GREATEST SEX '' down to `` FEELIN ' ON YO BOOTY '' . I feel he is definitely the greatest R&B ; singer and song writer of all time .
 With this album R.Kelly re-establish himself , one more time , as The Actual R&B KING . THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM I EVER HEARD IN MY WHOLE LIFE . I CA N`T STOP LISTEN TO IT , NEVER GET BOTHER ; INSTEAD , ALL OF THE 19 SONGS ARE JUST BLAZING HOT . THIS IS THE TYPE OF ALBUM THAT YOU WILL PROTECT WITH YOUR LIFE BECAUSE IT HAS THE MOST SOUL , LOVING , HEARTFEL PASION SONGS YOU EVER GOING TO HEARD IN A R&B RECORD . I RECOMEND THIS SOLID CLASSIC GEM CD TO EVERY PERSON THAT NEED LOVE IN THEIR LIVES . IT IS THE BEST YOU WILL HAVE HEAR R.KELLY IN A ALBUM , WITH THAT PHENOMENAL STRONG AND SMOOTH VOICE THAT HE POSSES.WHILE WAITING , GET 3 COPIES OF THIS MASTERPIECE . IT ` S MAD CRAZY ! .
 With this album R.Kelly re-establish himself , one more time , as The Actual R&B KING . THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM I EVER HEARD IN MY WHOLE LIFE . I CA N`T STOP LISTEN TO IT , NEVER GET BOTHER ; INSTEAD , ALL OF THE 19 SONGS ARE JUST BLAZING HOT . THIS IS THE TYPE OF ALBUM THAT YOU WILL PROTECT WITH YOUR LIFE BECAUSE IT HAS THE MOST SOUL , LOVING , HEARTFEL PASION SONGS YOU EVER GOING TO HEARD IN A R&B RECORD . I RECOMEND THIS SOLID CLASSIC GEM CD TO EVERY PERSON THAT NEED LOVE IN THEIR LIVES . IT IS THE BEST YOU WILL HAVE HEAR R.KELLY IN A ALBUM , WITH THAT PHENOMENAL STRONG AND SMOOTH VOICE THAT HE POSSES.WHILE WAITING , GET 3 COPIES OF THIS MASTERPIECE . IT ` S MAD CRAZY ! .
 I am a huge R. Kelly fan ! Upon the eve of his new album `` The Chocolate Factory '' , I decided to read some of the reviews for his previous solo effort `` TP-2 . com `` I would like to tell everyone purchasing this album that TP-2 . com is one of R. Kelly 's most brilliant works and it only got better with time . The Chocolate Factory is here.On TP-2 . com , the album contains tracks that are classic HIPHOP MUST Have 's such as `` Fiesta '' , `` Feelin ' On Yo Booty '' and `` RandB Thug '' . It also slows you down with memorable ballads such as `` I Wish '' and `` A Women 's Threat '' . Not to mention the masterpeice of `` I Wish -LRB- remix -RRB- '' . If you want to buy an album to show you what HipHop is all about you need to purchase TP-2 . com by the singer/songwriter and producer that made what the HipHop industry is today . TP-2 . com while awaiting The Chocolate Factory is the perfect combination for a bumpin ' party and a smooth stroll down the corners of Rhythm Ave. and Blues Lane .
 I bought this cd the day that it dropped and have been playing it religiously ever since . I 'm very critical/picky about music , so a little over two years of listening to one cd on a regular basis says a LOT . There are very few albums that I can stand to listen to from start to finish and this is one of those few . Songs that I did n't necessarily care for in the beginning grew on me quickly and now , there is n't ONE song on the album that I do n't want to listen to ... but there 's one in particular that I will recommend and that 's `` Just Like That . '' It 's a very basic song but could n't be more beautiful . And yes , R. Kelly is currently involved with the law ... but that does n't change the fact that he is one of the most talented artists/producers/writers etc alive today .
 When I buy this album I think of this album that maybe will be a great album , I WAS WRONG , IS THE BEST R&B ; ALBUM I EVER LISTEN TO IT . It has a touch of everything
 When I buy this album I think of this album that maybe will be a great album , I WAS WRONG , IS THE BEST R&B ; ALBUM I EVER LISTEN TO IT . It has a touch of everything
 R.Kelly is my favorite male artist of all time and I do n`t going to stop listen and buying his albums just because some fools accused him of this and that . R.Kelly is very creative with all his music . With this OFF THE CHAIN Album he regain his crown AS THA R&B KING AND AS A LEGENDARY ARTIST . All the music here is the best I heard in a LONG , LONG TIME . This is the type of album that have the props to be selling more than 10 MILLION RECORDS.I TELL IT , Y ` ALL HAVE TO BUY A COPY OF THIS ONE . HOLLA ...
 I ca n`t described words to explain how talent artist R.Kelly is.His soulful voice , beautiful writting , wonderful arrangements and perfect production makes TP-2 . Com
 THIS IS THE ULTIMATE SEX CD AND IN MY OPINION THE BEST CD R. KELLY HAS MADE!THIS IS A MUST HAVE . PLEASE DO N'T MISS OUT ON THIS ONE
 I love R.Kelly
 I thougt that every track was a hit . Personally , I am an open minded person and I listen to different types of music . His lyrics are sraight forward and to the point . I love the song Feeling on yo booty and Im not freaky or anything like that but the song is tight .
 For someone who listens to very little R&B or hip-hop , I have always admired and liked R. Kelly for his great talent . The man has soul , and this new CD is a great addition to what is becoming an impressive body of work . ` Just Like That ' and `` I Wish ' are two of the best tracks here , and maybe better than anything D'Angelo or Maxwell have done . What is surprising is that he does n't get more media attention
 this is pooh and I loved R.Kelly 's album because it really shows how he feels about people that he really enjoyed having around and this album really helps me get through the hard times that i have about my grandma because she was the closest person i had in my life and now that she is gone I just have such a hard time getting through the days.so thanks R.Kelly for making this album the tracks on this album are all good .
 R.Kelly is the king of Music Period . the Most Prolific , the best , Writer , Arranger , Producer , Conceptionalist , Vocalist , stylist , etc. . . He Got the whole Game on Lock . when I first heard this album it did n't hit me , but over time it truly has grown leaps & Bounds with me . `` I did n't mean it is my cut . those vocals in the background he hits just hit like Scrambled Eggs in the skillet with CHeese & Onions on them . `` the Greatest Sex '' is a Cold Jam period.I Wish hits home on so many ways . those Strings & Vocals are all on point . hearing this Album this was the blueprint for the 21rst Century R&B Male Vocalist.I 've heard so many cats trying to get at those ARRUh Riffs . `` Feeling on Your BOOTY !!! is the Cut . he cracks me up.the Groove is cool . this Album deals with Loss , Gain finding yourself through so many Journeys . Ca n't nobody make Albums in the Modern Era like Brother Robert Kelly . He is the musical Genius of Our time.Peerless & His Only Competition is Himself . `` A Woman 's Threat '' shows a Cat who ai n't afraid to speak on what might happen if His Lady Steps.Props , Daps , Claps , Door bell Rangs & More Stepping through this Journey.the King of Music Covers it all .
 TRULY A MASTERPIECE !!! R.KELLY ` S TP-2 . COM is THE BEST R&B ; ALBUM EVER MADE ... I ` M SERIOUS ... Only Robert himself can beat his last album telling you HOW CREATIVE , GIFT AND GENIUS HE IS . ALL of the 19 songs are just UNBELIEVABLE AND MAGICAL , You just can listen how he returns with HIS ROOTS , indicating of the 12 Play Album who make R.Kelly a SUPERSTAR -LRB- YOU HATERS -RRB- . If someone knew DA , DA , DA...TP-2 means TWELVE PLAY 2 OR 2000 . My Personal Favorites Tracks are
 Simply the best R&B and Soul album on the market right now . R Kelly does n't hide his fantasies or sexual experiences and joys . While other R&B or Rap artists talk about sex and women quite nasty , Kelly shows nuff respect to women . A true classic ...
 Simply the best R&B and Soul album on the market right now . R Kelly does n't hide his fantasies or ... experiences and joys . While other R&B or Rap artists talk about sex and women quite nasty , Kelly shows nuff respect to women . A true classic ...
 My most favorite cd . I 'm only 13 so i never really got to hear some of R. Kelly 's previous cd 's . The cd can sooth me to sleep in seconds . In this cd he hits us up with some of the best songs of the R&B genre . My Favorites 1 -RRB- I Wish -LRB- truly touching song , easy for me to relate to -RRB- 2 -RRB- I Wish -LRB- remix -RRB- -LRB- same with more amazing lyrics -RRB- 3 -RRB- Feelin On Yo Booty -LRB- romantic song with R. Kelly 's usual smoothness -RRB- 4 -RRB- A Woman 's Threat -LRB- tells you the dangers of women -RRB-
 R. Kelly is still on top ! TP-2 . com consists of 19 blazin tracks , some of my favorite tracks are Fiesta , Just Like A Real Freak , I Wish , I Wish -LRB- remix -RRB- , Strip For You , Greatest Sex , Feelin on Yo Booty , I Mean , I Do n't Mean it , All I Want , Just Like That The Storm is Over Now , this track is no doubt the best song on the album , this song is tight ! and many other tracks are good too . If do n't have this album , get out there and get it . If you do n't like slow R&B do n't get this but if u do I would recommend this for you . I saw R. Kelly in concert and he is awesome , he keeps droppin those platinum hits for his fans . Get this album right now ! ... peace
 R Kelly is the best R&B singer there is . He is way better than sisqo . Sisqo Sucks . You need to get this album . I 'm tell you this is one of the best albums this year . Go get it now .
 GREATTTTTTTTTTTTT . It really puts me in the right mood . Know what I mean ?
 R.Kelly is good at what he does . I did n't think I was going to like this CD but on me quikcly . I 'm always amazed at how his blend of songs always seem to get you hooked . My favorites are `` I Decided '' , `` Strip for You '' , `` Fiesta '' and R&B Thug .
 Lawd ... . have mercy !! Kelly has done it again . I ca n't keep this cd in it 's case . I have one for the house and one for the car . I was never a devout R Kelly fan , but an acquaintance burned this cd for me and I fell in love with this man . Excuse me , I fell in love with this cd . This cd is pure 70 's love jones music . This cd is not for the kiddies . I 'm experiencing an R. Kelly that has sowed his seeds.The bounty is truly sumptuous . Every cut on this cd is pure magic . Thanks Kelly for making me feel alive again .
 This is by far the best and most mature album from R.Kelly . He simply gets better and better for each new album . It takes a little longer to get used to , and the tempo is slow for most tracks , but the quality is superb . Album of the year !
 After listening to this more , I decided that this excellent album gets 5 stars instead of the 4 stars I gave it in my last review of it . Almost every song on here is great . The only one I did n't really like was Like A Real Freak . My favorite songs on here are I Do n't Mean It , I Decided , I Wish , The Greatest Sex , Strip For You , Feelin ' On Yo Booty , Just Like That , Do n't You Say No , One Me , and A Woman 's Threat . This R&B cd is almost flawless , so check it out today !
 Three albums in and R Kelly missed a beat . As a matter of fact he sounds like he is in the best shape of his life in this release . Everything that comes after the Chocolate Factory is questionable.I Wish was a cool single . It a was a farewell ode to his deceased friends that was nice but like I keep saying slow jams is where R Kelly usually soars . Strip For You , The Greatest Sex , Just Like That , I Decided and All I Really Want is R Kelly at his best . I Dont Mean It is one of those song that remind why R Kelly is in a league of his own . Very few R&B ; artists can make records apologizing to the women they hurt sound as good as I Dont Mean It and I Cant Sleep Baby -LRB- off of his second LP -RRB- . Some of the party joints are okay like Fiesta and R&B ; Thug . A Woman 's Threat and The Storm Is Over Now are beautiful records . As Much as I want to give this album five stars I cant . One Me and I Mean -LRB- I Dont Mean It -RRB- are filler and Do n't You Say No is plain dumb . Besides these little missteps this album is damn good.TP-2 . Com is a great release from a phenomenal artist that made history with each top notch album he made as well as making his mark in the music industry . Every album before Happy People/U Saved Me is worth checking out because they show R Kelly 's strength whereas his later album show you his weaknesses.Standouts
 come on this is one of his best albums to me . i mean they 're a couple joints that i dont care for but i like 90 % of it
 I loved this album from the time I put it in my cd player and blushed when I heard the sexual and sometimes hedonistic lyrics until it subsequently got scratched from overuse . R.Kelly is a musical genuis at recording the sexual experience at its peak . Although , some songs felt out of place here , 90 % of this is A-okay . I recommend this album in addition to any other of previous or more present works .
 The songs are great , they really move you and tell you that if you believe in something you can really do it . World 's Greatest and I Believe I Can fly realy show you the real meaning of being able to do somethign if hope is really within you .
 r.kelly has done his best on this album . . the inspiration probably came from sex . from the intro to the last song , this music is tight . espcially all the slow jams are just the right songs to get into the sex mood with your man/woman .
 R.Kelly is the world ` s greatest artist in the whole world . I ca n`t stop listen to this Classic CD . I enjoy it all . From his first emotional , deep , heartful and ghetto-beautiful single `` I Wish '' to the rest of the album , TP-2 is unbelievable , very sweet , blazing and hot music . Forget what the media or newspapers tell you , -LRB- HE IS NOT GUILTY -RRB- and buy this album and all of his albums and you will see why haters hate him . BECAUSE HE IS THE KING OF R&B ; AND HE`S STILL PENNING HITS FOR EVERY OTHER BIG STAR IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY . SO GO & ENJOY HIS MUSIC.BUY 2 COPIES , IS FOR ME HIS BEST HONEYMOON ALBUM . GET IT !!!
 When the Classic R.Kelly ` s TP-2 . Com Album was release about almost 21/2 years ago marked the way , to this date , from the R&B Music Point of View from a artist . This time is not a artist , IS THE BEST ARTIST HAS EVER LIVE , MR.GENIUS = R.KELLY . He brings the Most Sensual and Sexiest Songs Ever recorded in a complete album by any R&B Singer . Songs like
 This is the Best Album I heard . All the songs are blazing . R.Kelly is truly blessing with eveything the does . This is the Perfect Album to Get it done with your honey . Is so Inspiring how R. makes Album after Album . He never dissapoints with his work . For me his Best to this date . I hope that R.Kelly come soon with a Greatest Hits Album , which will include maybe almost ALL the tracks of this MASTERPIECE...TP-2 . Com THE BEST.You have to have it in your exclusive favorites CD Collection.It ` s so good that I recomend to buy 2 Copies because maybe one of those very soon will get scratch because of the HEAVY , HEAVY Rotation that will have in your stereo or your CD Player .
 With all going right now with the posibility of a War , this THE BEST OPTION TO HAVE FOR EVERYONE TO LAID BACK AND ENJOY SMOOTH , SOULFUL , STRONG AND MAGICAL MUSIC AT HIS HIGH POINT . This is clearly THE BEST R&B ; ALBUM EVER MADE . R.Kelly just put out here ALL HIS HEART , MIND , VOICE AND SOUL TO IT . You will love every song on THE CLASSIC ALBUM OF THE MILLENIUM...TP-2 . COM . From the first track to the last one . YOU PEOPLE DOES N`T KNOW OF WHAT A CLASSIC PRECIOUS ALBUM ALL ARE MISSING.THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE R.KELLY , as said in the `` One Me '' Sensual Love and Sexual Beautiful Ego song.GO GOOOOOOOOO NOW ... AND BUY 5 COPIES OF THIS MASTERPIECE GEM .
 R.Kelly is the most talented musician , artist , performer , producer , songwriter , arranger , remixer on THE PLANET . EVERY SINGLE ALBUM OF HIM IS JUST CLASSIC MUSIC FOR YOUR EARS.THE WHOLE CD IS TIMELESS MAKE YOU WAN NA LEAP OVER THE MOON , AND MAKE FEEL LIKE YOU CAN ACCOMPLISH ALL YOUR GOALS IN LIFE.My Favorites are
 First to all the haters out there how could u give this album less then four stars ? U got ta be from da chi to feel this album.Evey song on here is hot from tp2 to feeling on yo booty.My favorite song is do n't say no tonite it reminds me of when i was with this girl and i did every thing for here and she was ` nt doing nothing in return . Anyway get this album it 's hot . ps kelly is `` NOT GULTIY ''
 Man , no one can make sensual songs so touching , soulful and heartfell like R.Kelly . HE KEEPS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER ALL THE TIME . This great album is for lovers all the way . My favorites are
 WOW , OH MY GOD WHAT A ALBUM . TP-2 . COM has to be the Best that you can doit . UNBELIEVABLE ALBUM , BY ONE OF THE BEST PERFORMERS IN THIS INDUSTRY IN THE PAST 12 OR 13 YEARS , R.KELLY . On this Giant CD you can enjoy it from the start to the end , it does n`t get boring in neither minute because its so relaxing , sensual -LRB- NOT LIKE 12 PLAY , WHO HAD MUCH RAUNCHY AND EXPLICIT SONGS -RRB- and heart touching.My favorites are ALL , from # 1 to the # 19 . If any wants soul , love , heart felt , baby making , beautiful and spirit songs this is your PERFECT CHOICE ... !!! ALSO LOOKED OUT FOR HIS UPCOMING ALBUM '' LOVELAND '' COMING SOON .
 ... -LRB- remember 1993 's 12 Play ? Think of this as part two -RRB- . Once again he proves -LRB- although not intentionally -RRB- that he is the most talented male R&B artist . He wrote , arranged , and produced all 19 tracks.The CD starts off with the sexy TP-2 . com with a jumpin groove that will make you dance . Strip For You is a little of a twist , about a male singing to the woman , offering to strip for her for a change , a nice slinky R&B soul song . R&B Thug is one of the more R&B flavored tracks . The Greatest Sex , I Dont Mean it follow . Just Like That is a sexy ballad , and Like A Real Freak is a fun song . Fiesta is a nice song as well.The tracks continue , after an interlude titled The Real R. Kelly , the ballads continue with One Me , and the well known first single I Wish . Some highlights include A Woman 's Threat and I Mean -LRB- I Dont Mean It -RRB- . There is also an I Wish Remix -LRB- To All The Homies That We Lost -RRB- which is nice . The album closes with the I Believe I Can Fly like The Storm is Over Now , which is a great album closer.I reccomend this album to anyone who appreciates really good music thats fun to listen to .
 The only words that can I tell everybody its that R.KELLY IS THE BEST AND THE MOST CREATIVE ARTIST OF ALL TIME ! . This is the HOTTEST and THE MOST WONDERFUL CD THAT I HAVED . Listen it from the beginning to the end and then YOU ARE GOING TO THINK AS MUCH THAT I DO ON THIS MASTERPIECE . AND IF YOU DID NOT HAVE LISTEN TO IT , GO AND BUY A COPY , TRUST ME , THIS IS THE BOMB ! .
 Not one artist cant make music like R.Kelly does.He has a unique talent that is more than amazing.His production , writting , arranging and performing skills make him what he is right now , THE KING OF R&B MUSIC ! . This Album is by far his best work , WELL ! , THE BEST OF ALL R&B ALBUMS AS I SAID . All the 19 tracks -LRB- Produced , Written , Arranged and Perfomed by R.Kelly -RRB- are slamin gems -LRB- Even the interlude '' The Real R.Kelly -RRB- . I can hear this CD from the start to the end without skipping any song -LRB- Im not that kind of person that do this -RRB- , because every track is HOT . Since I bought this copy from day one , I hear it every day . It is so wonderful , hipnotize and contagious that my girlfriend love it so much that insisted me to buy a copy for her too and she also listen it almost every day.My favorites songs are
 I ADMIT I HESITATED TO BUY THE ALBUM , BUT I DID BUY IT . I LOVE IT TO DEATH . SOME HOW I MANAGED TO CRACK THE CD IN HALF , SO NOW I 'VE BEEN DYING WITH OUT . BUT I 'LL HAVE IT BACK SOON TRUST ME . MY FAVORITES ARE : TRACKS :5,4,2,12,16,14,9,8,6 , AND 18 . I LISTEN TO `` THE GREASTEST SEX '' AND `` I DO N'T MEAN IT '' OVER AND OVER AGAIN . JUST BUY IT , IF YOU DO N'T HAVE IT . IT GOES DOWN AS A CLASSIC ALBUM FOR ME .
 r.kelly 's sound is very unique . he has a special way of expressing himself . he is sexy and a pleasure to listen to.this is definently a cd you would want to listen to .
 Despite the heat R. Kelly has been taking from the media , his music is at its best . TP-2 is a great collection of R&B and hip hop . If you liked the songs released from the album -LRB- I Wish + remix , Fiesta + remix , Like A Real Freak ... -RRB- then you wo n't be dissapointed , the entire album is equally good.So if you can set asside the terrible rumors about his character , then you 'll love the music .
 r kelly goes back to his freaky roots on this one , if you wan na hear kelly talk about oral sex for the millionith time please get this , if you love bump-n-grind , 12 play and classic kelly then this is especially for you . fellas , ladies you better protection on this .
 Simply R.Kelly can make music at his best.This is a Cd that you can hear from the start to the end . All the 19 songs are slamin , but my personal favorites are
 r. kelly is my favorite artist of all times . The king of R&B lovers rock returns with his smooth grooves and distinct arrangements that continue to set ladies ' hearts on fire with desire . He has great talent and he could take on anbody with his style and songwriting . theres noting more that i can say but this cd is fantastic and r.kelly needs to keep coming with his smooth groves and wonderful songs .
 I 've had TP-2 since the very day it was released in November 2000 and have been listening to it almost every day since then . I 'm not the type of person who does that either ... but there 's something about this cd that makes it so I never get tired of hearing it . It 's also one of very few cds that I can put in and not have to hit the skip button . It 's just a really tight album and the best R. Kelly album to this day . I recommended this album to everyone I know and now , everyone I know owns it and truly LOVES it . Especially # 6 ! But on the real , ALL the tracks are hot . R. Kelly keeps getting better and better with time and with the way this album is , I can only imagine how good his next one will be .
 Many people whine and complain that R. Kelly has reverted back to his `` Bump and Grind '' days but I beg to differ . He has in fact grown . TP2.COM , unlike the original 12 Play , has more sensual tracks , there is less of the hormone packed hits . This is his best album yet .
 This cd is my all time favorite cd . R kelly has the tightest tracks ever made . this is a masterpiece , these are the most touching r & b tracks i have ever heard . If u like kc & jojo , boyz11men , tank , and 112 , you 'll love this cd . buy it , its worth every penny .
 I 've been following R. Kelly 's career since his 12 play days and I must say that this is his best release ever ! The album is a bit long -LRB- about 77 mins -RRB- but there are no `` throw aways '' here . Every song is awesome . From the sexed up `` tp2 '' and `` r & b thug '' to the sweetness of `` just like that '' and the soulful `` the storm is over now . '' TP-2 . com delivers both ways . Any fan of r & b/pop music would enjoy this .
 This album is getting a five from everyone for a reason . This is a beutiful album . It might be one of his best albums . I listened to this album on Nov. 7 over and over again without fast forwarding . Track 18 is the panties dropping song . Anyway , check this album out . I mean it .
 I DID N'T THINK R. KELLY COULD DO IT AGAIN . THIS DISC REMINDS ME SO MUCH OF THE FIRST TWELVE PLAY . I LOVED THAT CD AND NOW I HAVE A NEW ONE TO PLAY UNTIL IT WO N'T PLAY ANY MORE . I JUST LOVE ALL OF THE SONGS ABOUT BEING FREAKY , THAT 'S THE R. KELLY I KNOW AND LOVE . THIS IS A DISC THAT YOU CAN PUT IN AND LET PLAY UNTIL THE END . THIS DISC CONTAINS A LOT OF WORDS THAT ARE NOT SUITABLE FOR YOUNG LISTENERS THIS IS FOR ADULTS WHO ARE TRYING TO GET THEIR GROOVE ON .
 If you want to hear good music just listen to this cd . I have had it since two thousand and it is still the best cd I own . He is truly the best R&B artist ever . Usher you do n't have a chance in competing with the man known as R.Kelly .
 This is the best by R. Kelly and any other R&B artist . I love this album so so much . No one and I mean no one tops this one . He is truly talented .
 R Kelly wows the fans once again with his newest effort titled TP-2 . com -LRB- remember 1993 's 12 Play ? Think of this as part two -RRB- . Once again he proves -LRB- although not intentionally -RRB- that he is the most talented male R&B artist . He wrote , arranged , and produced all 19 tracks.The CD starts off with the sexy TP-2 . com with a jumpin groove that will make you dance . Strip For You is a little of a twist , about a male singing to the woman , offering to strip for her for a change , a nice slinky R&B soul song . R&B Thug is one of the more R&B flavored tracks . The Greatest Sex , I Dont Mean it follow . Just Like That is a sexy ballad , and Like A Real Freak is a fun song . Fiesta is a nice song as well.The tracks continue , after an interlude titled The Real R. Kelly , the ballads continue with One Me , and the well known first single I Wish . Some highlights include A Woman 's Threat and I Mean -LRB- I Dont Mean It -RRB- . There is also an I Wish Remix -LRB- To All The Homies That We Lost -RRB- which is nice . The album closes with the I Believe I Can Fly like The Storm is Over Now , which is a great album closer.I reccomend this album to anyone who appreciates really good music thats fun to listen to .
 After droppin 4 albums his sensational debut Born In To The 90 's his ground breaking 12 Play , his most personal CD R.Kelly . And 1998 's very entertaining but uneven double Cd R. . He comes back with his 5th and his best album of his career . . Yes it 's even better then what i felt was his best up to this point 12 Play . . Mr. Kelly returns back to the 12 Play form that garn him major success that is no more evident then on such songs like A Strip For You , Like A Real Freak , One Me , Dont You Say No , One Me , Feelin On Yo Booty all these songs should keep long time R.Kelly fans satisfied . . But R have other things on his mind as well that is certainly evident on what i think is the best song on the album I Decided the song deals with making a committment and staying with it . . This is a great song one of the best songs he has written . . Other highlights on a great CDThe Greatest Sex the title of this song is actually misleading The song isnt what title suggest . . It 's a very romantic songR & B Thug , I Dont Mean It , I Wish , A Woman 's Threat , All I Really Want , The Storm Is Over , I Wish -LRB- To The Homies That We Lost remix -RRB- All These songs are some of his best work to date . . If you are a true R.Kelly you will make sure that this is in your collectionYou will be glad that you did !!
 R. Kelly -LRB- the man behind gems like `` If I Could Turn Back The Hands Of Time '' and `` Bad Man '' -RRB- is finally back with TP-2 . COM -LRB- Twelve Play 2000 -RRB- . Frankly , it 's a masterpiece . THE best album I own . If you compare this producer , singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , arranger and Grammy award-winner with Marvin Gaye or Otis , in my opinion R. Kelly outdoes them . This album gives proof of his enormous talent . Every song is a pearl . The album 's main theme is sex , love and relationships . Kelly makes you go on a TwelvePlay-ride . Like Prince , Kelly is n't shy when he means that sex is the best experience there is.Two incredible and heartbreaking songs are dedicated to his mother Joanne -LRB- `` I Wish '' -RRB- and his homies that were lost -LRB- `` I Wish - remix '' -RRB- . On both songs , who are musically different , the guitars are playing wonderfully , strings in the background , and a singing choir , and of course R. Kelly 's lovely voice . On `` A Woman 's Threat '' , my personal favourite , he explains what you 'll be missing and what is going to happen if you treat your woman badly . While the piano and strings plays , he sings about the story about the three little bears.The seductive `` The Greatest Sex '' has a perfect Rome & Juliet-theme when he sings
 This new one from R. Kelly is another tight cd . There is not too much that is new here . Its a combination of the stuff he did on the 12 play album and his last album Rated R. Anyone who likes R. Kellys music should check this one out . The songs I think stand out R
 ARE YOU KIDDING ME ??? ... THIS IS THE BEST -LRB- ... -RRB- AROUND . THIS IS WHAT A CLASSIC ALBUM IS SUPPOSE TO BE
 If u have not heard by now but R.Kelly is the king of R&B right now . This is a CD that gets it jumping from the beginning with a hot intro . The only tracks that i advise skipping is the interlude '' The Real R.Kelly '' which is a small spoof off of Eminem . The first half of the CD starts with a song for the ladies of a role reversal with '' Strip for You '' . The third track one of my many favorites is a song that describes Kelly '' R&B Thug '' . One of the tracks that signifies a change in Kelly 's usual very explicit sexual anthems in his early music is '' The Greatest Sex '' which shows the change to romance . '' I Do n't Mean It '' is next and it shows his ability to right a song from listening to songs that he has already wrote which is '' I Mean -LRB- I dont mean it -RRB- '' . So far I thought this CD couldnt get any better but it does with a club banger called `` Fiesta '' . He creates a song that only a poet can write with '' Just Like That '' . Kelly returns to his sexually charged songs with '' Dont You Say No '' . This ends the first half of the CD and brings you to the second half which is equally if not better than the first half . He starts this part off with '' One Me '' and their is trully only one R.Kelly . He goes on to give us the top two singles from this great CD '' I wish '' and its remix . The song that trully shows his versatility is '' A Woman 's Threat '' it shows his ability to put himself in the position of a female and sing from her point of view . '' I Decided '' is a song for those who choose love over anything else , while '' All I really Want '' is an above average track that is quite good . He returns again to his sexually evolved songs with a song all the fellas can relate to if you have danced with a `` well endowed '' female with `` Feelin on Yo Booty '' . He ends the track with a very spiritual song in '' The Storm Is Over Now '' . Yo if I have n't convinced you yet just listen to the CD . It is a great CD i encourage buying three
 Whoa ! It is almost a crime for one man to be so talented . Kelly is the Marvin Gaye \ Elton John of our time . He has appeal amongst all people . Track Number 13 gives advice to men who mistreat a good woman . From the first time I heard `` I Wish '' I knew that the man was back to bring sustinance to the music industry . The album leaves you satisfied and you can listen to it over and over without getting bored because there are different tempos of music to please the listener continously . Then again , what did you expect from the greatest male artist of our time ?
 Speechless ... That ` s how I feel when I bought and heard this Work of Art . R.Kelly puts all his focus , mind , spirit , heart and soul to it . Not many artist can do what he is doing ... making Multi-Platinum Albums and Writting Hit Songs for Other Artists out there . For me , TP-2 cross the line of a Classic Act , Amazing Music threw out the Complete Album . It ca n`t be more perfect than this . There is not one single song that is n`t even bad or average . My most heard songs on here are
 R Kelly did it again . This year I was expecting some good R&B cd 's but all I got is dissapointment except from Joe and few others , so when I heard `` I wish '' I decided to get the cd and it 's one of the greatest cd of the year but what else do you expect from R kelly . From reading the other reviews I understand that the tracks sound the same as `` R '' and `` 12 play '' but that 's his style and if he improves it , fine but if it sound the same , it 's still all good .
 I Have been a fan of R.Kelly since his hits such as `` vibe , Honey love , slow dance , and dedicated '' I own all of his C.D 's and purchased `` T.P-2 '' the day it was released . Only true `` R.Kelly '' fans can appreciate his unique style and vocal appeal.We are talking about an artist that adds a since of style to the music industry , no matter who he does a single with , it 's a # 1 hit ! I 'll admit with his last two C.D 's , I thought that he had went completely away from the style that attracted me to him in that first place . But with the birth if `` T.P-2 '' , I feel as if my love for R & b has been reborn . This is the only male R&B artist who makes remixes as equal if not better than the original ! His raunchy style is n't the only thing that makes the ladies and faithful fans yearn for more , R.Kelly can not be touched because he is blessed with a gift from god that is rare in the music business these days the ability to write and sing , I mean the brotha can sang !! T.P-2 is the continuation of the creation for upbeat , kinky and love making music . The C.D is tight and anyone with a real ear for music can hear this . So Quit Hating On T.P-2 !
 If you like R. Kelly , then you will know his type of music . Sexual , he 's always talking about `` Bumping N ' Grinding '' and getting it on , and making love . Well this CD has a little more groove to it , the music in the backround is simply magnificent , and the lyrics are heart felt . This is a Must for any CD listener . If you like Jazz , and Rap , and R&B you got it all in one package here . The song `` Womans Threat '' Is a great song for all you guys who know how women can be , It 's such a true song . And alot of the other songs are great . . Including heart felt lyrics like `` I was supposed to be a man about it , was n't supposed to leave your side , no way no how ... '' The songs called I do n't mean it , YOU Have to listen to this song , it will bring tears to your eyes ... * Sniff sniff * This Cd is strictly great . Buy it and add it to your collection .
 Not much to say , he is a G.o.a.t , i can pay 100 for his albums because he know what he is doing , always following the same way and always does the best job , thanks ALLAH he is back , now its time for guy Aaron hall to release a good one after 2 years . R & b lovers know what I 'm talking about . Buy R.kelly album , do n't even think about it . PEACE
 I love him ... but I have to admit I 'm kinda growing up and he 's not growing with me . It 's good but not his best . My favorite song is I Mean -LRB- I Do n't Mean It -RRB- ... totally tight !
 This is the Best R&B CD I Ever Heard This CD Is Real Nice You No Why Kelly Is Keep It Real So You All Need To Go Buy My Man CD He The Best Out There And Help That Man Sell Because You No It 's Going To Sell So Go Copy It ...
 This is R Kelly 's best album yet ... most all the tracks are nothing short of spectacular ... all this coming when I was ready to write 2000 off as a bust for new -LRB- quality -RRB- R&B . What more can I say , the man 's gifted . This isnt one of those albums that we have all bought for the one song we like ... Kelly gives us 19 `` panty droppin '' tunes that you wont be able to get enough of -LRB- either will your lady -RRB- . Wasnt a fan of the R album ... huge fan of the TP-2 album . Get this one you wont regret it !
 I just picked up this new Cd yesterday ... . It is pretty much what I expected , which is that it would be the bomb ; the only complaint I have is that it is a little repetitive - The songs are str8 , they just sound really similar . But , saying that - this is R Kelly , and he can get away with it . I ca n't wait to put this disc to use in the bedroom , cuz we all know that 's what R 's music is really for !! One love ...
 This cd gives us a look at the sensitive side of a very complex , streetwise vocalist . The songs pull at your heartstrings ! The emotion conveyed throughout the entire tape is both genuine and awesome . Well worth the wait and a must for R. Kelly fans !
 This is way better then 12 play and one of the greatest things i 've ever heard1 -RRB- TP2 10/102 -RRB- Strip For You 8/103 -RRB- R&B ; Thug 10/104 -RRB- The Greatest Sex 7/105 -RRB- I Do n't Mean It 7/106 -RRB- Just Like That 9.5 / 107 -RRB- Like A Real Freak 8.5 / 108 -RRB- Fiesta Ft. Boo & Gotti 10/109 -RRB- Do n't You Say No 7/1010 -RRB- The Real R. Kelly -LSB- Skit -RSB- 5/1011 -RRB- One Me 8/1012 -RRB- I Wish 10/1013 -RRB- A Woman 's Threat 10/1014 -RRB- I Decided 8/1015 -RRB- I Mean -LRB- I Do n't Mean It -RRB- 7/1016 -RRB- I Wish -LSB- Remix -RSB- -LRB- To The Homes That Were Lost -RRB- 10/1017 -RRB- All I Really Want 7/1018 -RRB- Feelin ' On Yo Booty 8.5 / 1019 -RRB- The Storm Is Now Over 7.5 / 10Overall 20/10Top 5 Songs1 -RRB- I Wish2 -RRB- I Wish -LSB- Remix -RSB- 3 -RRB- Fiesta4 -RRB- TP25 -RRB- R&B ; Thug
 TP-2 is hot . Okay its really hot . Its no secret that RKelly is all about sex and TP2 is no different . I love the raunchy songs and the gospel tinged ballads . THE GREATEST SEX is what it is , a sexy song ! I DO N'T MEAN IT is a R.Kelly begging ballad if I ever heard one , but his voice is on point and whoever the girl is ... dammit he did n't mean it !! :-RRB- JUST LIKE A REAL FREAK AND FIESTA are summer jams , even though the remix to FIESTA with HOVA is hotter . The chorus to like a real freak is jus mad cool . On I WISH R.Kelly brings his guards down and promises to bring back a loved one to spend time with him . Very touching but the remix is even hotter . WOMAN 'S THREAT is a dark and Sparkle-esque jam that showcases R.Kelly in dark mode . This brings me to my all time fave jam of R.Kelly or anyone for that matter , FEELIN ON YO BOOTY . Yeah everyone is saying that he went over the top with that one , but that is one of the sexiest song ever hands down . Yeah it sounds so simple , yeah feelin on yo booty , but that baseline and the beginning of the song , just gets the mood right . I wish he made a 10 minute version of that song and released it I would buy it . He shoulda went Prince on it and released a 10 minute version . That sh*t would still be banging in the clubs til this day ! The last song THE STORM IS OVER NOW is a nice song similar to I Believe I Can Fly , once again R. 's voice is onpoint ! This is a nice album , many bangers , hot beats , and you ca n't forget Feelin on yo Booty . But like the title says its no 12 Play that is his masterpiece !! But TP2 is HOT !!!
 I LOVE THIS CD . IT IS A GOOD CD . I LOVE EVERY SONG ON THE CD . IF U HAVENT HEARD THIS CD THEN U SHPULD GO AND GET IT . R. KELLY REALLY KNOWS HOW TO WRITE AND SANG GOOD MUSIC.I REALLY DONT CARE BOUT WHATS GOING ON WITH HIM RIGHT NOW . HES STILL A GOOD R&B SINGER TO ME . ALL I AHEV TO SAY IS R.KELLY DO UR THING .
 R.Kelly is a supertalented musician . This Classic Album make me go crazy from the first time I hear it to this day . My Favorites are
 UNBELIEVABLE , BLAZING , VERY SOULFUL , PLEASING , LOVING AND MORE & MORE . That ` s you describe a Pure Classic like R.KELLY AND HIS MASTERPIECE ALBUM `` TP-2 . COM '' . ALL THE SONGS ARE REAL R&B ; CLASSICAL GEMS FROM THE START TO THE END . R.KELLY SIMPLY IS MORE MATURE WITH EVERY ALBUM HE PUTS OUT . ITS FOR GROWN UP PEOPLE TO RELAX YOUR BODY AND HAVE A GREAT TIME . WORDS CA N`T DESCRIBE `` SERIOUSLY '' HOW MUCH TALENT KELLY HAS FOR MUSIC . EVERY SONG HE PRODUCE , WROTE & ARRANGE TURN TO `` PLATINUM '' IN JUST WEEKS FROM THE RELEASE OF A NEW ALBUM.YOU HAVE TO BUY A COUPLE OF COPIES OF THIS DIAMOND RECORD , WELL , IT IS THAT AWESOME , IT HAS TO ARRIVE TO 10 MILLION RECORDS BECAUSE HE DESERVE IT FOR HE HAS DONE IN MUSIC .
 People , simply R.Kelly demostrated what is to putting up ALL YOUR HEART IN A RECORDING ALBUM . This is a CLASSIC MASTERPIECE IN ALL OF HIS MEANINGS . From the very first song to the last one , there is only greatnest of music at the high level you will never believe . HE PRODUCED , WROTE & ARRANGED THE WHOLE ALBUM -LRB- With the exception of the `` Fiesta '' track who was produced by TRACKMASTERS -RRB- . i CA N`T SAID MORE & MORE ABOUT THIS CLASSIC BECAUSE WORDS DO N`T EXPLAIN THE SATISFACTION FOR YOUR EARS , YOUR HEART , SOUL , ETC , ETC.Simply buy TWO COPIES , YOU HEARD , TWO COPIES OR MORE of this album , put it in on your CD Player , and the rest ismagical laid back music with the R&B ; KING Smooth voice doing his job better than ever.THIS IS ESPECIALLY FOR REAL LOVERS . . !!!
 This not certainly not the best album ever made nor would i call it a Classic but this is a Good album by R.Kelly.Probably his Best yet . . I gave 4 stars because I love the song
 Ok . . lem me start off by confirming that i am a mega R kelly fan , and with Tp-2 ... he did n't disappoint . Straight from the bat , smooth crooning tunes like R&B ; Thing and Just like that provide small glimpses of the vibe of the album . It is for the most part a very laid back mellow album with a growing influence of gospel themes as the album progresses.As with most R Kelly compo 's there are a few beatier tracks to add some spice to the album and within TP-2 , it 's the much vaunted Fiesta and I Wish . The latter , in particular , is easily the best song on the album and provides a smooth syncopated beat whilst R Kelly reminisces about a lost friend.Woman 's Threat and the remixed version of I Wish are all continuations of R 's beatier vibe but there remains throughout , the soulful vibe that R is famous for . The album is finished perfectly with the beautiful Storm Is Over Now , another great song with gospel undertones.This is definitely one of those must have albums , something smooth and very chill ... when you need to unwind and kick back ... . A definite mix of New Edition and soulful Brian McNight ... I highly recommend it ...
 Nothing can make R.Kelly musics looks bad or neither ok . Instead , he make wonderful music not only for fans , also for other artist that does n`t had that great don of writing beautiful songs and make them HITS AND CLASSIC . On this Album he reestablshed his Superstandom , as a Classical Artist and as THEKING OF R&B ; AGAIN . On this Amazing Album , my favorites tracks are
 Simply R.Kelly can make music at his best.This is a MASTERPIECE that you can enjoy hear it from the first track to the last one without pushing the skip bottom . ALL the 19 songs -LRB- produced , written , arranged and performed by Kelly -RRB- are BLAZIN AND SLAMMIN GEMS.THIS IS A TRUE CLASSIC , MUCH BETTER THAN 12PLAY ONE . I dont have to tell my favorite songs because the entire album , each and every track is RED HOT.I DONT KNOW ONE PERSON THAT DIDNT LIKE IT . R.KELLY IS MY FAVORITE MALE ARTIST OF ALL TIME.If you love SLOW JAMS , REAL R&B AND SOUL , THIS IS THE BEST OPTION FOR ANYONE . SO GO AND BUY THIS CLASSIC NOW . TRUST ME , ITS WORTH MUCH MORE THAN THE -LSB- money -RSB- .
 This CD will touch everybody from thugs to lovers . Songs like I Wish and the remix will bring back memories if you have ever lost somebody that you love . The rest of the CD kicks -LSB- behind -RSB- for romantics , but those two make it worth gettin
 I give this CD mad props . First of all R.Kelly is just the greatest of all time . Second of all this is a CD that you and your man or woman can sit and relate to or you can just sit and chill . This is one of the best CD 's that is out as of right now . And if you do n't got it then GET IT ...
 I enjoy this cd a lot . It puts me in a good sexual mood when I listen to it . Songs to listen to closely are Strip For you , The Greatest sex , Just like that , Fiesta , I decided , I wish and Feelin on your Booty , HEY !!!! that 's damn near the whole cd . So go get it . One Love .
 The better way to describe The Classic R.Kelly album...TP-2 . Com , His Best of his Career , is saying that is The Best Ride to a Sensual Journey . This man is a Poetic , Thug , Loverman that can create his own music
 YES THE ALBUM IS OKAY THATS ALL . NOTHING ON HERE CAN SURPASS WHAT HE HAS DONE ALREADY . HE PAINTS GRAPHIC PICTURE FROM THE DAYZ OF OLD WHETHER ITS FROM 12 PLAY AND I BELIEVE AND SADIE . THERE WERE NO JAMS LIKE HE HAD ON THE R CD W / THAT KEITH MURRAY JOINT THAT 'S STILL AJAM AT ANY PARTY . THIS IS A SEX ME BABY I 'M SORRY CD . WITH A GOOD COMMERCIAL SONG I WISH JUST TO MAKE SURE WE GO PLATINUM . YA DIG .
 This whole cd is bumping R kelly been making good stuff for a while now
 This CD is the bomb , it has something to do with sex but it works for me ! My favorite songs out of it is
 Seems like R.Kelly is getting BETTER AND BETTER , EVERY TIME HE RELEASE A NEW ALBUM . AND THIS IS NO EXCEPTION.THIS IS THE CD THAT I LOOKED FOR A LONG TIME , TRULY A PERFECT CLASSIC . ALL the people that I know LOVE IT TO DEATH , ESPECIALLY
 As several other reviews have said , there is really very little new here . R. Kelly has always straddled the line between sexuality and spirituality just like Marvin Gaye and Prince before him . This album , billed as a sort of sequel to 1995 's 12 Play goes heavier on the former than the latter , with sexed up bump n ' grind cuts like `` Strip For You '' , `` Do n't Say No '' , and `` Feelin ' On Yo Booty '' popping up throughout the album . The spiritual center of the album is the first single , `` I Wish '' , in which Kelly reflects movingly on personal loss . The lyrics are somewhat unfocused , moving freely back and forth between his mother and his homies who have passed.Yet , in this actually makes the song more poignant . It feels more real that way , like we 're inside Kelly 's head as he works through his pain and confusion.The album also revisits the `` treat a woman right '' themes Kelly began to develop on his last album , the most successful of which are `` I Do n't Mean It '' and `` A Woman 's Threat '' , though the latter may be a bit too similar to Kelly 's own `` When a Woman 's Fed Up '' and Joe 's `` Treat Her Like A Lady '' for some tastes . Just as with his last album , TP-2 suffers from too many mediocre songs interspersed throughout the stands out . Generic thugged out party songs like `` R&B Thug '' , `` Like A Real Freak '' and `` Fiesta '' could have easily been cut to produce an album that flowed much better . But overall , R. Kelly gives us what we expect . Nothing less , nothing more . But the album is a must for Kelly 's fans if for no other reason than `` I Wish '' and `` The Greatest Sex '' are two of the best songs Kelly has recorded to date .
 I like the cd . M m m m m m n n n n n n n b b v c DVD
 This Cd is 2nd only to Twelve Play ! I love it . I remember hearing it back in 2001 . It was then and still is hot . I only deducted one star because a few songs on Cd were scratched . My Cd player had been cleaned with a laser disc cleaner beforehand , I did not mishandle the Cd . I even cleaned it ... Yes scratched ... so that kinda sucks , but Tp2 is still a great Cd , and the fact that Cd was scratched on a few songs is no fault of R Kelly ! I 'm still happy I purchased it for my collection ... I may have to repurchase in future so that I can enjoy every single song , but still enjoyed most songs !
 After 10 years this album sounds as good now as it did in the year 2000 . That 's the mark of a good album . Diverse , well produced and memorable . Let me start with the production . The production ranges from pleasant mid tempo love songs like `` I Do n't Really Mean It '' , `` Just Like That '' and `` I decided '' to Latin infused tracks `` Like a real freak '' and `` Fiesta '' to sweeping theatrical ballads such as `` The Greatest Sex '' and `` A Woman 's Threat '' . `` I Do n't Really Mean It '' is a pleasant laid back message to his lover that in times of anger despite what he says it was done out of anger and his love remains . With it 's laid back unassuming production R. Kelly shines . `` Like a Freak '' and `` Fiesta '' both feature catchy Latin influenced production , the former a song simply about sex and his partners skills in bed , featuring a slick , slippery guitar riff that plays during the entire song with guitar stabs enforcing the rhythm and the later a catchy , comparatively laid back song about partying . `` The Greatest Sex '' and a `` Woman 's Threat '' are two impressive . `` The Greatest Sex '' featuring inspired , theatrical production with sweeping strings , gliding harps and a bell like Rhodes that perfectly accents Kelly 's vocals as he poetically sings about memorable bouts of love making . `` A Woman 's Threat '' carries the torch with a catchy but simplistic cadence over a bold and dark sounding piano melody . If I could fault the song for anything it 's that -LRB- despite the strength of the melody -RRB- it can seem to plod towards the end of the song and the meaning of the song can be hard to discern from the lyrics alone . No doubt the song is directed at men who may be doing their woman wrong and a warning of the consequences , but it 's not completely clear from the lyrics . Despite the flaws I love the song for it 's composition and strength of melody.Other stand outs on the album are `` I Wish '' , an ode to his mother and their bygone days that 's puncuated with a memorable refrain featuring a children 's choir repeatedly singing , `` I Wish , I Wish , I Wish '' and `` R&B ; Thug '' featuring a vintage Timbaland styled production with skittering drums , syncopated bass notes and layered soulful vocal harmonies while he shamelessly sings about his intentions to `` get some ass '' while proudly embracing his thug persona.This is a well produced , well written album with a very diverse sound . With all the mediocre and simply bad R&B ; music being made in today 's music industry , it 's refreshing to re-visit an album that 's well made , feels it was handled with care and time was taken to musically flesh out each song . Today 's R&B ; artist and producers would benefit from exploring an album of this caliber to discover what 's missing from much of today 's R&B ; music -LRB- namely quality writing and thoughtful production -RRB- . If you enjoy R&B ; music and have n't discovered this album do yourself a favor and purchase it right now .
 I got this cd before the predicted arrival date , so I was super satisified ! Cd and case was in great condition like new . I have nothing but good things to say about this purchase
