 I love love love P90X and X + . I love Chalean Extreme and Turbofire . I love mixing them all up and doing multiple dvds on certain days . I 've also added in Tai Cheng which is really good mixed in to your work-outs But this P90X2 just is one big beautiful people club . No feeling of connecting with his viewers just a venue to show himself off . And lets just get over the foam roller . BORING ... Boring warm-up No more fun , corny banter . Tony was/is his best when he 's humble . No more `` do your best and forget the rest '' if u try to modify or skip the dangerous stuff you 're down a lot of the time . It 's a waste of money and I wish I had ordered something else . Like another Chalean or Insanity . There 's just nothing for everyone here
 Not worth the money . Just to many negatives to list ! 1 . Warm ups and cool downs are to long .2 . Warnings on start up can not be fast forwarded .3 . Where are the AB workouts . The Ab Ripper X2 just does not do it .4 . Also there are two DVD 's that do not come with the P90X2 !!! What I just paid 140 and now you want more money?Pros1 . Some nice new moves .2 . Built some new muscle is different areas in my body.You be the judge ! But be careful with these DVD 's ! You will sweat and can slip at any time in injure yourself !
 P90x the first one the original is truly life changing it introduce me to eating right the foundation of getting rip , and to working out . A great product , great instructor , good money spent.P90x2 , different story personally I feel the workout are hard because Tony , still an awesome trainer , is getting you working on you balance , and strength . Something your body has never had time to accumulate to . p90x2 has some Movements that the common folks will never really do in the real life basis -LRB- does n't really help in the real world -RRB- EX : when will you see a guy on top of a blimp bouncy ball . Not everything bounces bro.P90x2 does require a great quantity of equipment some are great like the foam roller -LRB- my fav -RRB- some are just well adequate -LRB- I guess -RRB- . After 90 day of the neoteric product I looked back , and notice I never felt any muscle soreness.It was not like the original first day of chest and back that dvd was impossible for me to conquer . For the p90x loveing crowd that has tried p90x + just imagine it having a larger set amount of dvd.The thing I hated p90x2 is full with ads that will eventually was your mind and buy into them shakeology , coach , diffrent equipment , ect . . Also there are alot of toys you must have to performe p90x if you whant to do p90x just like horton . No cardio just plyocide I feel its easier then plyometrics.I am currently doing 1 week of supreme 90 a generic p90x follows the same consept of muscle confusion . Really good I thought it was going to be lame , but it 's not bad and its only 20 buck at the store . The host looks like one of tonys reletives .
 I am a huge fan of the original P90X . I did it for two years straight and pitched it to everyone I knew -LRB- and at the same time got in the best shape of my life -RRB- . I could not wait for the sequel . When it finally arrived I was like a little kid on X-mas morning . But man oh man , I could not have been more disappointed . It 's almost like the first one was so great , that they had to get gimmicky . Way too much core and balance . Not enough strength training . Who really cares if you can balance on medicine balls ? The whole thing was a total bummer . I returned mine and got my money back . On a positive note , the original is still great - I 'd go with that instead .
 I had completed P90X in November and I was pretty excited to get P90X2 I was WAITING so anxiously for it and then it got here . so we will start with my feelings first , I am a very proud person I am a small little thing 5 ' 3 120 pounds and was super stoked that I could curl 15 pounds ! So , my first P90X2 I felt like a complete failure because I had to MODIFY almost every single exercise for fear that I would bust my face , break my lip , or just plain flat out not trust myself enough to not hurt myself needsless to say I did ha ha I have a quarter sized bruise on my knee . I know it 's not P90X but I thought that when you created a sequel it would be a bridge but this is a whole different animal and you do n't really see that on the commercial they really just show you phase 2 exercises with a little bit of plyo . My opinion is , if you have to modify every single exercise than you probably should n't be doing the work out . I did n't feel safe doing them and I did n't realize until I started the workout that I do n't want to `` train '' for whatever it was that he was training me for . I have no desire to be an athlete or play super sports I just want to look good and feel good about myself.Now for the program it self . I felt like I got jipped here . 10 minutes of warm up and 3-6 of that included the foam roller and then 10-15 minutes on the cool down ... 30 minutes of real working out for most of the DVD 's in the first phase ... WHAT ? So I paid for a 60 minute workout ... . but had to warm up and cool down for half of it , no thank you . -LRB- Only phase 1 DVD 's -RRB- That being said if you are training for something or you are a super huge fan of Tony than go for it . This was n't for me in the program itself I have no desire to balance and lift weights at the same time , and maybe I should have given phase two a shot but this is not the kind of `` tough girl '' stuff I am about so I leave it to others . I 'll stick to regular lifting at the gym and P90X I got what I wanted from that and I am sticking to it : -RRB-
 I did the p90x program and lost around 40lbs . I was extremely excited about starting x2 . The beauty of P90x is that it is so simple . Pushups/Pull-ups/Plyo . All you need to do is bring it every time . On one of the p90x DVD 's Tony says something to the effect that we are doing simple weight-lifting and not doing fancy-dancy things . P90x2 is too complex of a program . You simply can not get the same workout with p90x2 as p90x I was so satisfied with p90x . It was simple hard work with little gimmick . Though p90x2 has some good moves it has the feel of a money making scheme more than the best possible workout . Planning on returning .
 Man , this coulda been huge but they got it wrong.It is well known that combining resistance exercises with balance training compromises the results of both instead of getting maximal benefits . So much of this new program focuses on this mix which leads to half-baked results . Many of us wanted to continue building our strength and muscle but these new workouts will limit that growth.On a positive note , the PAP workouts - which are usually known as contrast or complex training - are fun and likely effective for those looking to improve athletic performance .
 HERE IS WHAT THEY DO N'T TELL YOU : I was very excited to order P90X2 after having seen the professional commercials they posted on their website.After receiving the product and now having worked out with it for over three weeks , my friend and I are very disappointed.The exercises are very complicated and in my personal opinion there is a high risk of injury from all the shaky balancing and band stretching that is going on.Furthermore , this product was clearly designed to force you to buy a number of expensive accessories through beachbody to really be able to follow along.Lastly , I am disappointed how this previously fun series has turned Tony into a scripted actor that nervously reads line after line of supposedly cool punchlines from the telepromter -LRB- watch his eyes moves left and right all the time -RRB- . It just feels very staged and commercial , the fun is gone.In short , some exercises are good but most are too complicated , risky and staged.It feels like they did everything they could to make the product look cool and a true sequel , but really it is an artificial and heavy-handed , forced sequel without a soul . Really sad .
 I LOVED P90X . I did the program several times and now do P90X One on One 90-day cycles . I wanted to love P90X2 ... I really did . I followed its development on blogs closely with much anticipation . If I was a professional triathlete I think it would be great ... but I workout not just for fitness but for appearance . Whereas P90X adds muscle mass , P90X2 is more of an exercise in toning and core stability . It does what it aimed to do ... but I think it should never have had the `` P90X '' label on it because it is VERY different from the original . In a title `` P90X2 '' I think more P90X grads expected a continuation of the greatness ... but they got a balance trainer instead . Extremely dissapointed .
 Is n't the same model that the picture , I received a watchband with a color diferent -LRB- blue light -RRB- and I want a similar that the picture .
 Purchased a set of these footholds for my kids for Christmas . I was very disappointed by their small size . When I installed them , two split in half and a second cracked . The material is brittle and there is not enough space between the screw holes to prevent them from cracking . This is a poor product .
 There are very , very small . I returned them they did not suit the children 's play scape I was going to use them for .
 The only relatively nice thing about this is that it can be fully disassembled . That 's about it . Obviously it 's not scale , as it advertises , but it 's more like 2/3 than 3/4 ... The folding stock swings out with little effort ... it ca n't be locked into place when in the folded position . The laser dot sight is incredibly flimsy . It 's not worth it , even as a prop .
 DO not reccommend unless you plan to wear a t shirt or some kind of undershirt with this polo . : - -LRB-
 I wish Amazon had noted the colors of this product as it did not look red and blue on my LCD screen . When it came I was disappointed . Also , the third party company they are selling this for was closed until April 28th so I have not been able to receive any customer service . This is my first time buying from Amazon and it has made me leery for the future .
 I bought this watch to help me train for a triathlon . A month after I bought it the button to start and stop the stop watch broke ; it is now nothing more than a watch to me , and I paid for a watch/stopwatch that could track several different laps . I will never purchase another Nike product , considering my experience with a pair of Nike running shows essentially going flat on me after only a year -LRB- they had air cushoning and it `` popped '' -RRB- .
 Holster would not come close to snapping shut with a glock 23 , made due however cut the leather below the snaps and just just it with out them .
 The watch works fine.However , you need high magnification to see the bottom functions.No way can i see the tide or moon phase.Also , illumination could be better.No , i would not buy this watch again . Jack
 These leggings shrink even when following garment care instructions.For this money the fabric should be of much better quality , they are see through.I doubt these will last.There are better choices .
 I have been loyal to Danskin for a few decades , even though I 've occasionally tried other brands . The truth is that Danskin outshines them all
 So I found a great deal on these and purchased two pairs ... however , I will only be wearing these with a long shirt or dress . I do n't know how many ladies who bought these have turned around , bent over , and taken a good look in the mirror . I have and got a great look at my ass ! I suggest not buying these if you plan on wearing them to yoga and doing some forward folds !
 I did n't try these on after purchasing for a couple months , and during the first wearing , the center seam busted and that was it . Needle holes had expanded and split along one side . Not a good quality fabric .
 I did n't find that these legging gave support . They were thin and I really could n't feel the spandex . They just were not what I wanted .
 The label on the back says `` City Lights '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Not really sure if it 's Athletica unless they do n't put that label on them . The pants are nice . But not what I was expecting . I 've used them for yoga and biking . They are comfortable and durable .
 I returned these - too loose ... Have a hard time finding tall , slim sizes . Fabric seemed to be an ok weight , though I do n't know how they would have worn since I did n't keep them . Had to wait a few weeks for the return credit .
 These leggings were great out of the package . They fit perfectly and were very soft . However , after the first washing they shrunk quite a bit and the softness was lost . I would n't buy them again .
 I bought these because of the reviews . I usually buy the $ 5 leggings at forever21 and wanted to invest in a nicer pair but cant afford lululemons . . So I thought maybe it would be a similar but knockoff type brand . OMG these leggings are the EXACT same quality as forever21 's except the only difference is that these are $ 30 vs $ 5 ... I am returning them , reason being , is that they are see through and not worth the money . I also bought `` capezio '' leggings which I added the link below , and they are a little bit cheaper but more importantly NOT see through.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XZMCQK/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00
 My wife wore them once and the seam in the seat began to unravel . I also got her pair from Newport News that were of much sturdier construction . I would recommend going with those instead of these .
 5 ' 5 '' 140 lbs . I ordered these in large . They are great ; made in USA , nice fabric ; great price . So I ordered three more pair but sized up to XL so I could freely launder without them becoming too small . The XL are same as L. . . so I guess anyone larger than 140 should look elsewhere . They actually told me they add 1/8th inch to the XL . Now that is just ridiculous !!! I do notice that washing them makes the legs longer . Too bad because they are terrific tights .
 These leggings sit low on the waist , nothing like the pictures . Pitbull and American Apparel are both using this brand now called In Touch . The materical is thin but comfortable but the lowrise fit ruins them . I am a real woman and I need a little more material for my waist and back side .
 I bought a pair of these leggins based on the reviews I read here . I literally wore them twice before the ripped at the seam . They also pilled extremely fast . Was n't worth the money
 I 'm 5 ' 3 '' 112 lbs . The small size is sluggish and 1 1/2 inches longer than I would like them to be . It 's well made and material is ok for the price-not too thick nor thin . I 'm afraid that they do n't have x-small size .
 I did n't care for these leggings . They are very thin and not at all substantial . I should have returned them , but kept them for warmer weather wear .
 I just finished using this sleeping bag on a 3 day camp and it was USELESS . I was freezing.We 're talking July temperatures in Oregon -LRB- currently a 52 degree low -RRB- , under a tent - here 's how it fared : night 1 - wore very little -LRB- thinking bag would be sufficient -RRB- , woke up cold.Night 2 - wore t-shirt and trousers and socks , woke up cold.Night 3 - wore fleece , t-shirt , shorts , trousers , 2 pairs of socks . Made it!I am NOT a cold person , but this bag just could n't cut it . You 'll need a campfire in your tent if you use this.When they say `` mummy sleeping bag '' it 's because you 'll need to wear every layer you own , turning you into a mummy ... piece of junk .
 EL RELOJ LLEGO DA&N tilde ; ADO , SIN PILAS , LA CORREA ROTA , ES EL PEOR PRODUCTO QUE HE COMPRADO EN AMAZON , NO LO COMPREN
 The selection and description of quantities led me to believe that I would get at least 3 times more . This is undoubtedly the smallest amount of heat shrink I , ve ever received for the amount I paid ... . Very disappointed !
 When I checked online ... . this looks very nice , good price etc. ... . I can trust CASIO company and so , I ordered few watches . When I got it in hand , I saw the strap is very thin and it is hard to present to man . Only boys ... . so , I recommend this watch if you are presenting this to boys . Price , Brand name is good . Can not present to `` MAN `` s.But I love the design & looks really good .
 Extremely difficult to read time -LRB- hands ca n't be seen -RRB- caused by the light reflection of the mineral glass/plastic . I have collected low-priced Casio watches and others . The design of the watch is elegant , but not worth the money , even it is cheap .
 I love this watch and use it for swimming and general use . However , like others , a tab which hold the wrist band to the case also broke -- rendering the watch useless . I did n't drop the watch , the tab just fractured . The watch is only 8 months old . Casio must have some problems with their plastic technology as others have expressed the same problem .
 This is a great watch -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- with the exception that the crystal is NOT SUFFICIENTLY RECESSED to be properly protected . I have not significantly scratched up a watch in the past thirty years - but I scuffed this one TWICE in the first week of use . I recommend spending the extra money to get a G-Shock model . -LRB- also by Casio -RRB- That is what I will resume wearing when I get tired of looking at the damage on this one .
 The replacement watch also broke just at the end of the band . One of the pieces that comes out of the case to hold the band is what broke . Unfortunately , it broke 7 days after my return allowed day . I wore it to work about 5 times and played tennis with it about 5 times and that 's it.It is a very light watch and not as thick as most.However , If yours also breaks , do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I would not recommend buying this watch . The plastic casing is very brittle . Within one month all four arms that the pins for the band go into broke off . I was able to glue the first two back on , but the second two broke I was riding a bike and there no way I could have found those little pieces of plastic . I have bought inexpensive Casio watches in the past and have been very pleased with them , but it appears that the quality of this watch has been reduced to an unacceptable level .
 I purchased two , both failed within three weeks . A tab that secures the strap to the case broke on each watch . Casio 's warranty does not cover the case , I 've tried to contact Casio but have not had a reply . I do n't recommend this product .
 I ca n't wear this watch if I do any physical activity where I would sweat because the inside of the watch steams up so bad that it 's not readable . Consequently it spends most of it 's time in my pocket instead of on my wrist . I wo n't buy anymore watches from Amazon .
 Liked the watch and was able to snorkel with it and have no water intrusion . However , only 3 months later it stopped working . I even tried a new battery , but that did not help . Since the watch was never dropped or treated roughly , if you choose to buy this model , you may get a product that will not last very long .
 Great while it lasted . I had to replace the watch strap after 1 year . This thing died on me after 3.5 years .
 This watch is not water resistant . At all . I wore it into the pool swimming . -LRB- Just swimming . No diving , no playing Marco Polo , just swimming . -RRB- The crystal misted up , and then the numbers started dying , one led crystal at a time.And of course if you open the back to try to dry it out , the warranty is voided.So if you ever plan on going anywhere near water , do n't do it wearing this . -LRB- I guess if you never wash your hands , the car , or the dishes this watch would work fine . -RRB-
 Watch died after I went swimming with it . Do not believe the comment that the watch is `` water resistant '' to 165 feet . I was more like 5 feet underwater .
 Bought five months ago , this watch no longer functions properly because some of the pixels in its display have died making the time unreadable . This should not happen with ordinary wear and tear and is a disappointment since Casio watches have a good reputation . I 'll think twice before I buy another one .
 The watch stop working after 2 1/2 months , I only wear it twice a week and is not in rough use . I tried replace the battery , only the light work but no text . I have own several casio watches , this is the worst I seen . Also , the plastic case is very easily scratch .
 It was billed to be water resistant to a respectable depth - but it filled up on the first dip in the pool . Practically DOA . Returned it for a trusted brand .
 I , too , am a long-time Casio watch user . But when I bought this to replace my beloved W-93H , the shower thing occurred ... it was obviously defective . I figured the o-ring was not seated correctly or the screws not tight enough . So I opened the back...o-ring looked fine . Dried it out and put cover back on , carefully torquing screws . Next shower , fogged up again , and digits started dying . DRAT ! I should have returned to Target to get another despite the Mfgr . saying not to in the OM . So I found the receipt -LRB- not usually kept for a $ 20 watch -RRB- and started jumping thru the burning hoops ... man i 'm too busy ... so I bought a Columbia CL-5037 at Academy ... I HATE IT ! Counter-intuitive controls ... -LRB- ex
 Bought the Watch because of good past experience with the ruggedness and features , including a light switch , to illuminate the dial at night . This one never lit ! Bummer . The stores solution , refund the purchase price , but I 'm still out the shipping both ways . And , I needed to find a replacement . It sure would have been nice if the store had replaced the watch , no charge , after making sure the replacement worked .
 I shopped hard to find a watch just like my OLD Casio of 3-4 years ago , but , apparently , what looked and worked perfect was not good enough to leave well enough alone , and the Design Dept. has to eat , so it is no more and I have to pick a NEW Model that is close enough , and this was it . -LRB- Wonder if Rolex should start TOTALLY changing their watches ... ALL of them , every year or two ? -RRB- Long story short , this `` 50 Meter '' watch started fogging up within 2 weeks ... with just my taking showers with it on . I do n't have time to go through the enevitable runaround like my fellow poster , so I now just use it as a food timer ... but the seconds digits are not working ... Bought a `` Columbia '' ... nice , but switches back to time mode from stopwatch if no buttons are pushed within 20 seconds or so ... `` BUZZZZ ''
 I purchased the watch for our son for Christmas . The band and watch face was too small for him . No problems with the mechanics of the watch , just the size is smaller than we thought it would be .
 It is not as good as i expected . Each particular button does n't work well for me to change or upate time and date or light button . .
 This watch only lasted about 3 months . The problem is the case that holds the metal pin for the band is made of plastic . For me this means when I was doing yard work , and the pin was ripped from the plastic casing and permanently destroying the watch.As for the functionality , it was easy to use . Big buttons that were accidentally hit frequently changing the time from 24hr to AM/PM . Also missed leap year , and does not have a month displayed , but these are minor issues.Still a huge Casio fan , but just not a fan of this particular watch . Check out other Casio 's like the Waveceptor , they 're amazing for just a little more !
 The watch runs fine , with all the features I want . Only one problem . Approximately 10 days after receiving and wearing the watch , a portion of the watch case broke . A rather crucial portion -- the small area where the pin that holds the band is attached . In trying to follow Amazon 's rules for returning -LRB- or repairing -RRB- the watch , I recieved time-consuming run-arounds , including countless attempts to reach a live person -LRB- `` All operators are busy assisting other customers , so please call back . '' -RRB- ... first from Ace -LRB- the Distributor -RRB- , who referred me to Casio , who referred me to their repair center , who referred me to their local repair center . I 'm still waiting , approx . 2 weeks later , for a call back from the local guy .
 The selection and description of quantities led me to believe that I would get at least 3 times more . This is undoubtedly the smallest amount of heat shrink I , ve ever received for the amount I paid ... . Very disappointed !
 This is only universal for Rubbermaid coolers with a bracket already attached.If there is no bracket attached it is completely non-universal !
 I have purchased several of the Nike Women 's Preso Cee Digial Watches , in a variety of colors , over the past few years . I teach P.E. and they are great for school.The watches that arrived from WatchZone were huge !!! Nowhere did I see a size option when ordering and ca n't find any sizes on the watches . I did n't know they even came in different sizes , but the two watches that were sent to my home would have fit my husband better than they fit me.I called WatchZone to ask why the watches were so large and was told that I received what I ordered .
 I need to exchange this Detroit Tigers cap for a larger-sized one . Please let me know how I can do it . Thanks .
 The pin holding the strap broke within 5 weeks of light use.This also meant that I lost the watch because without one side pin the entire watch fell away from my wrist.Will NOT recommend these low end Casio watches .
 My goal was to find a dual time zone watch for travelling that was n't too expensive in case I left it at some airport security checkpoint . unfortunately , this Casio was not a good choice . The first one I received did n't work at all so I sent it back . The second one I received worked acceptably for about 2 weeks but is now intermittent . Since it costs me shipping each time I return this product , I 'm hoping the second watch will straighten out and run consistently . In the future I will look to spend more money to achieve `` best value '' rather than aiming for the cheapest watch .
 I purchased this light a week ago from Home Depot for almost $ 25 and it no longer works . Did everything Maglite recommended and still no luck . Problem is either the tail cap or the barrel/switch . Light flashes intermittently when tightening the tail cap after battery replacement , but once the tail cap is tight , the light no longer works . What a disappointing product from Maglite.I just went to Sports Authority and found a Nite Ize LED upgrade for my old Mini Maglight and that has been working flawlessly . It does n't have the same intensity or the beam focus as the Mag LED , but at least it works.P.S . I forgot to mention the extremely poor battery life . LED lights are by theory supposed to last longer than krypton bulbs . Not so with this light . I was lucky to get 4 hours out of mine . This may have been caused by the problem mentioned above , but my Nite Ize upgrade has lasted almost 8 hours now , and no sign of wearing down .
 Had this flashlight for a while , used it only a couple of times and when I needed to use it today it would turn on and flicker off when I tilted it . Replaced the batteries and now it wo n't event turn on . Was able to get it to turn on for a couple of second by adjusting the battery cap , but wo n't stay it on , and I never even dropped it or abused it like I did with the old incandescent AA Maglite . Then after reading the warranty I find out that the LED is not covered so if the bulb burns out , you are left with a useless aluminum battery holder . Not on par with the Maglite tradition .
 Thats how this works . You rotate the top portion around and the brightness and focal length increases . But then it comes off at the end . I read this about this product before , but its kind of annoying when you want to use this in a hurry and it becomes loose.Would have preferred a switch.Its quite compact and slips easily into your pocket . Would buy again from Maglite , but not the same design.Advice
 I went through 6 bulbs in 4 months !!! The Surefire G2 is my weapon of choice now :D at least 4x brighter AND it 's smaller .
 Supposed to include two AA batteries but I see I was charged an additional $ 7.51 for a pair of batteries I neither needed nor ordered . What kind of a dirty trick is that ? Be careful ... Amazon has apparently slipped over to the dark side and is now obviously a stinking dirty rat .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 These were fine in their day , but have been eclipsed by much better , brighter AA or AAA flashlights . I decided to try upgrading two old ones I own to the newer LED and Xenon bulbs . Both bulbs were available at the box store and very reasonable . Sadly , neither bulb did much to improve the amount of light these Mini MagLites produce.I did n't test lumens or anything like that . I just added fresh batteries , turned them on in a room with daylight coming into it , and you could just see a small circle of light on the wall at 6 ' . At 8 ' they were almost invisible . Better technologies have passed these by .
 Yea if you want to buy something at walmart , its OK . If you are ordering online , you can do WAY better.OK I 'm sorry . Seriously these things are bad . They 're solidly built on the outside , but they suck . I 've broken 2 or 3 . I ca n't really find them all , but trust me , they 're broken.I just tried fixing one , and guess what ? I did fix it . Then I sprayed it with some silicone and THE REFLECTIVE COATING ON THE REFLECTOR MELTED OFF . WTF ??? Really ? I know these are a couple years old , but honestly . thats just crap . Also the black plastic piece around the bulb melted too . The one that says `` DO NOT REMOVE . '' I had to remove it to fix the switch and now its melted.I spent $ 20 on a Cree Q5 flashlight . -LRB- akoray k-106 -RRB- Order it from Dealextreme . It 'll take 2 weeks to get to you , but its worth it . 3 programable modes -LRB- brightness , stobe , blink , `` s-o-s-o '' mode -RRB- Put in a 14500 -LRB- li-ion aa shaped battery -RRB- and enjoy between ~ 5-200 lumens.http : / / www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.16607 -LRB- they claim its a 6 mode , its really a 3 -RRB- Tight on budget ? Look up the Ultrafire C3 . 70-80 lumens and $ 10 . http://www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.1993
 This look at the darkness ring / write where small size Maglite is dim . If the head of the flashlight which is broken that is twisted , concerning that exactly as for a certain thing , that that it is and changing the beam into the dark ring flood where light/write is put in place appropriately exactly from the fact that it becomes black it is possible necessary . So being anodized for corrosion resistance and the durability which increases , this flashlight really the automatic operation which removes oxidation as a feature showing the type switch of cleaning which rusts . While making the application of a bad state where the part of the circuit of low resistance the electric battery is bad possible , the O ring of resistance to class and the water whose each start is high produces effect . The representative of nast free light/write of the hand of of the convenience which candle mode that is entreated includes in the darkness in regard to this flashlight . Needs the something which dark state is hard , sign of the diamond which is applied that has been broken perhaps and is the fairness where where it is turned off and with that of the point in regard to the excessive lamp of help of the tail hat of grip that you attach . Your purchase includes the electric battery of the main holder and two alkalis AA .
 I 've gone through two of these flashlights . They are horrible . They work great when they work , and the light is bright but after the first time I used it it got dim and now when I turn it on it flickers and goes off . A much better flashlight that I own is the Illuminator Flashlight . It is a hand cranked flashlight . It is also less than this flashlight on Amazon .
 I ca n't believe that Maglites are still considered quality lights these days.Sure , they were pretty good 10 years or so ago . But what 's changed ? The Mini Maglites I 've owned have always had the same problems - bulbs which go pop and fail if the light experiences any kind of shock - or sometimes for no reason at all . And that dim , yellow , uneven excuse for a beam of light.It 'd be nice if Mag produced a light which you could actually * rely * on to work when you needed it , rather than this outdated rubbish.I 've since found far more reliable , brighter , and generally better lights from other makers such as Streamlight.There are lots of lights out there which are miles ahead of Maglites in every category .
 I bought a 2 aa Mini LED . The first one lasted about a week . It started flickering just like the two guys mentioned in there reviews . It is useless now . I waited to long to return to lowes . So a few months past before I get around to dealing with the problem . I purchased the same exact light from Home depot in a town an hour and half away . I am sure you can guess what I had planned . To my amazement the replacement never worked out the box . Just did the flickering thing . I am not a review writer type of of guy , but this has got me boiling over . I like mag lites just not the led 's . Do your self a favor and stay clear of this piece of garbage !
 To start with , this little flashlight is a first generation fashlight , whereas the modern lithium-powered `` tactical lights '' are of third generation . Therefore , it is clear that this light can not match those modern super-bright flashlights in performance.By todays ' standards , the Mini Maglite is an adequate general-purpose flashlight . It is comfortably small , although if it were a bit fatter , it would fit better to a hand . The body of the flashlight is of high-impact aluminium , making the Mini-Mag a very sturdy little light , tough enough to be used as an impact weapon.You need two hands to operate Mini Maglight . As there is no light switch , you activate the light by rotating the head of the light , until the light activates . This can be very ankward , depending on the situation on which you need the light . The light is actually quite dim , by modern standards . Again , it depends on the situation if the Mini-Mag is bright enough , but as a rule of thumb , the more powerful the light is , the better . After all , there is very little need for dull knifes , or dim flashlights . Also , the light pattern of Mini-Mag is not even , but the light beam has dark rings or spots , making it harder to see clearly the `` target '' on some occasions.If you need a small general-purpose flashlight to keep in the glove compartment of your car , for example , Mini Maglite is a reasonable choice . It is an affordable light , and the batteries are much cheaper than those used in modern high-powered flashlights . But if you need the flashlight for more serious use , it 's better to look for a third generation flashlight .
 I have had three Maglites , which were not exposed to rugged use . Even though the batteries and bulbs were still good , they no longer operate . Somehow it appears that the connections or wiring have failed !
 I have owned at least 5 maglites and especially like the mini mag but with ALL of the maglites I have had the same problem
 Trust me it feels good in your hand but the led streamlight for 20 is a better deal.well i said it is 8 dollars
 After hearing all of the tales of mag-aa durability , etc.I 'm extremely disappointed , the aa model is very dim compared to the more modern personal lights I own.It isnt a dependable light at all , after one 2 foot drop to a carpeted floor the bulb blew out.I replaced the bulb with the spare , and it blew out when I put fresh batteries in . My recommendation is buy one of the new l.e.d personal lights-no bulbs to burn out , longer battery life , much better beam quality , lighter and more dependable .
 I bought this based on the name and the reviews . Disappointed in the flashlight , not only does it work sometimes but it 's not even that bright . Most of the time I go to turn it on and nothing happens , even if I unscrew the cap all the way for candle mode I still get nothing . It happened the very first time I tried it so it has n't been abused or dropped in any way . Disappointed on the lack of quality in the pricey flashlight .
 Overall it 's a nice light . It 's bright . It 's durable . I have owned a couple and they never broke on me . But it is absolutely inexcusable that there is n't a way to lock it on and off . I have never carried one that did n't end up getting accidentally turned on while in the factory provided sheath . Simply put , it was n't there when I needed it and a simple little button would have fixed it and made it perfect .
 I had 2 of their products . Both failed miserably.Never got a whole lot of use out the mini because the bulb life and battery life were just terrible . I recently tried to upgrade it with an LED kit . Forget it . The internal plastic parts just fell apart in my hands.I had bought one of their C cell lights about 10 years ago . It made it through one set of batteries . When I tried to replace the batteries , the tail end would not come off . It had somehow become welded to the body of the flashlight . I think the parts corroded together and got stuck . Tried a vice , channel lock pliers , you name it . Anything that would impart enough force to get it unglued would have damaged the body . Went in the trash .
 Says it 's an LED in specs . It 's a xenon bulb . Not happy about this . I specifically ordered it because it was LED . I already opened it which you ca n't do without wrecking the packaging so I 'm out of luck .
 Purchased several maglights over the past few years , every flashlight stopped working or corroded , ordered parts and replaced parts in the non-working lights , and then they corroded . I spent too much money on a product that did n't last
 This flashlight has very average brightness . The beam that it produces is very uneven . Battery life is average . Basically , it is the Chevy Caviler of flashlights.If you are interested in top performance , check out flashlights from Fenix , Streamlight or Surefire . They will cost more , but there is a night and day difference . A similarly sized flashlight that produces 10X the brightness with a very smooth and even light is the Surefire G2 .
 I was very disappointed when I opened up the package only to find that the battery was dead . I tried to change the battery myself and ended up breaking the watch in the process . What a waste!Wayne
 I bought two for a world cruise . The piece that attaches the strap to the watch broke on my husbands watch after six weeks . Mine broke after eight weeks . Both batteries died .
 Watch broke in 3 days - where the screw are attached to hold the battery cover on . The plastic tabs just broke so now the band will not stay attached .
 Was disappointed to find the size to be way off and this watch does not fit well as moves around arm . I actually changed to a smaller version.But worse is that Nike have major flaw with the stopwatch as once it reaches 100 minutes , it actually STOPS . Does not start again at 1 min as you would expect . So if you looking to run any half marathons dont bother with this one.I do like the night light and the cool variety of colours available make it pretty cute and funky .
 The pump as shown in the picture on this item is the old style head . What was sent to me from The Bike Store is the new style head that does not have a lever to clamp the gasket onto the tire stem . You can find the new style head version cheaper from several other companies through Amazon . I prefer the old style head and this is why I chose to pay extra to get it , however , I still did not get what I ordered .
 I `` ve had this pump for a while and have n't used it but a few times . However , yesterday when I attached it to my tire and started to use it , it literally blew apart in my hands . My hands are black and blue . The plastic housing is n't strong enough and it was shattered with pieces of the plastic embedded in my palm . It could have been much worse .
 I bought 2 . The needle sticks all the time and you basically get a different reading everytime you pick it up . Not accurate .
 I bought the watch few years back and have used it occasionally , both when diving and on land . This is not my primary watch . What I like about it is the fact that I do n't need to send it back to Citizen for very costly battery changes at least once every year -LRB- as I did with my previous Citizen watch on normal battery -RRB- . I had misplaced the watch a while back in a box and it was dead when I found it . A few hours under the sun , however , made it tick again . Great!I was very disappointed to see the crown come off a few month back , when I was changing the date . I have n't bothered checking how much it would cost to repair yet .
 On January 2009 I bought for US$ 315 a Citizen BJ2000-09E as present for my son -LRB- 24 years old -RRB- who wore it until june 2009 when the watch stopped . I wait until a friend travelled to USA and sent the watch to Citizen aprox . on december 2009 . I received the watch repaired on april 2010 -LRB- paid small amount around $ 30 -RRB- but it works rigthly only until august 2010 . I sent again to USA and Citizen -LRB- Main office in Texas -RRB- sent a quotation for $ 180 ! My son take care a lot his watches and he wore this one only when he goes diving with snorkel -LRB- not really deep -RRB- . This watch has problem since always and Citizen does not recognize it . Its not a good watch and I lost my money , I decided not to repair . I do not recommend this product that you are offering with discounts right now .
 It was not what I was expecting for . It does n't represent what I though . I really got disappoint with it . I am not using it . It is not what I want it to be . It looks much better on the page than on real . I do not recommend it . I would like to return it and get my money back .
 ATTENTION DIVE BUDDIES !!! To any of my dive buddies considering buying a Citizen Dive watch beware . After waiting over 3 years to figure out which one I wanted and justify to myself that the watch was worth the $ 550 price tag , I am already spending $ 225 to repair it after only 6 months of use . The watch leaked after about 30 dives . Upon inspection by the warranty team they determined that the ... stem to the screw down crown had somehow broken off inside diminishing the integrity of the water tight seal . Now although this was a piece INSIDE the watch and there was absolutely no sign of damage on the outside of the watch , somehow it is my fault it is broken . Or as they put it , they can only `` speculate '' because they were not there when it happened and it is not a normal issue . So that caused the watch to flood causing more damage . I 'm sorry I thought that my $ 550 Citizen dive watch that was designed specifically to be rugged and for dive use could handle normal diving . I guess Citizen watches are n't all they claim to be and their warranty is n't worth the paper it is printed on . `` Citizen Eco Drive watch , It 's unstoppable just like the people who wear it '' ha ha . Guess I 'm outside the norm .
 Great looking watch . Only lasted 6 years though . Movement needed replacement . Not cheap to have repaired . Citizen quoted me $ 188.00 for fix the problem . Not a happly camper right now . I would stay clear on this series and go with a more durable one .
 I give this item one star because of two reasons . First of all , I did n't believe initially it was made in Japan for $ 12 . But reading all of the reviewers reviews you can kind of get wrong impression that it was made in there . I bought this knife relaying on a reviewers information . Guess , at a time they bought it , it was yet made in Japan . Now it is not . See the date my review posted and do n't buy it after that . Second reason for return , it came excruciatingly dull right from the box . Just bad dull knife . One more thing , it smells bad , cheap plastic covering , those with allergies-look out.Update
 For that amount of money , I thought I would get a nice knife . It is so small it may get lost if I put it on the kitchen table . What a waste of my hard earned cash.Wouldn ' t recommend it to anyone .
 I just purchased this watch to use , for when I am working and not trying to be all neat and dressed up like . I was n't even doing anything worth mentioning and realised I just marred up the window for my new watch . i did n't wear it more then a few days and I have this discoloration when I check the time . I am soo upset , this should n't happen with mineral type windows . My watch might have been a fluke , but I am annoyed by it , and I am faced with wearing my nice watch insetad . The light button on the face , and the nice display is great , but it 's unsightly to look at in my eyes . I wo n't put it on myu wrist with a huge mar on it , too thick to be a sratch . Looks like someone scraped it on gravel . Not sure how it happened , hopefully I am the only one this happens to .
 I have had this watch for exactly one year now . The battery just died , which means it lasted 1/10th of the advertised life . The face has a few scratches , seems to be a very soft plastic , scratches show up white . Not worth replacing the battery when it is in this shape . I think I was pretty careful with this one , I do not do physical labor or anything . My last watch , a Fossil , lasted me over ten years , I think three batteries in that time . You get what you pay for .
 When I initially received this watch , I thought it was wonderful but discovered otherwise shortly afterwards . Realizing the wristband was much to large -LRB- a giant could have worn it without adjustments -RRB- , I set out towards figuring out how to adjust it so it would fit my wrist . The manual had nothing on wristband adjustment and , failing to see the first buyer 's review , I searched the internet for 3 hours , finally finding an obsure mentioning of a pin removal . I discovered the meaning behind this . Each of the wristband links , closest to the clamp , has a pin which can be removed with a jewelers screwdriver and needlenose pliers . I proceeded to remove the link closet to the clamp . Big mistake ! Having removed the link , I was unable to secure the remaining links in place without destroying the rest of the wristband . In the manual , if there was a single sentence which stated not to remove the link closest to the wristband clamp , it would have saved the wristband on my newly acquired watch . As it is , I wrote the watch off as a lost cause and I 'm thoroughly disgusted with Casio .
 I purchased this watch because it has an `` audible '' pacer function , in addition to many other functions . The `` beep '' is faint on the desktop and inaudible when the watch is worn . Casio tech support says that there is no adjustment for volume , implied that the battery might be low , and suggested returning the watch . I am in the process of exchanging the watch -LRB- absolutely NO problems with Amazon.com 's exchange policies -RRB- and will post a second review when the new watch arrives .
 I 've owned this watch for three years . I wish I had followed my initial instinct and returned it to buy a different one.All of my watches I 've bought as an adult have been Casio , except for a briefly owned and soon regretted Timex Ironman . I 've been totally satisfied with all my Casio 's , so when I needed a new watch three years ago , I bought this one . It 's the first Casio that I 've disliked . I have four complaints :1 -RRB- The face is very easily scratched . The scratches began appearing almost as soon as I began wearing it and now make it difficult to read the time at certain angles and lighting conditions . I 'm not especially hard on watches and I 've never experienced scratching like this with any other watch .2 -RRB- The mode button came off after a year or two .3 -RRB- The band was too large for my wrist . I had to remove several links to get it to fit . It 's a pain . Other reviewers have described the process , so I wo n't cover it again here .4 -RRB- The watch and band are too thick and heavy . I spend a lot of time on my computer and when I wear this Casio on my left wrist , I need to remove it to keep it from annoyingly rubbing on or hitting on the desk , something I 've never experienced with any other watch.If you like a large , obtrusive watch and you either have large wrists or do n't mind tinkering with the band to shorten it , you may like this watch . Otherwise , pass on it . Casio makes many other great watches . After several years of hating this watch , I 've just replaced it with a Casio AQ150W-1EV , which I 've owned for a week and so far like . I 'll write a review about it soon .
 So I purchased the big behemoth box that has 5 rows and can hold several thousand cards in an upright fashion . I purchased these dividers to keep the sets separate but I thought they would stick up far more than they do . You only have a couple of millimeters above the card to write the set or year -LRB- or whatever other factor you use to separate your cards -RRB- . I stopped using them . I do n't like that they only stick up a tiny bit so there 's only a bit of real estate to distinguish one over the other.Don ' t buy if
 this product has the right weight for working out in . light enough to not get overheated.biggest problem . lousy manufacturing and quality control . pants rip at the seams in less than 4 weeks . poor stitching . otherwise workable .
 I 've had a pair of these sweats for several years , I love how roomy and comfortable they are , but it was time for a new pair . Looked up the brand on my tag , found the same brand and type of sweats on Amazon , so ordered myself a new pair . My order arrived promptly , no issues there . However , when putting them on for the first time , I noticed one of the drawstrings had sunk back into the waistband . I managed to pull it through , but it was n't a fun way to start off . A couple days later , the stitching started coming out of various spots on the waistband . And about a week later I noticed the crotch seam had split . It 's sewable , so I wo n't return the merchandise , but I 'll think twice before purchasing clothes sight unseen again .
 I have only worn my pants once and the seams on the back have come undone
 Very Cheap made pants seams started coming out the firts time I wore them Dont waste your money on these
 These pants are super thin , I doubt they could have made them any thinner , they are made in Pakistan and it shows.Do not confuse these with sweat pants or lounge pants , they are much thinner than that and certainly not worth $ 20 a pair.Russell used to sell a good product but their out sourcing leaves us with an inferior product , buy a different brand and save yourself a lot of disappointment . JUNK !!! Update -- returned these pants to seller but never heard from them , no refund , no nothing.Amazon is not standing by their sellers and have offered no help at all , so do n't believe Amazon when they tell you they will refund money if seller does n't do the right thing .
 Very disappointed . I thought these were ungathered ankle sweats and my husband looks like a complete dork wearing them . Would not reccommend . Too thin as well .
 The threads in the crotch pulled apart leaving a 6 inch gap . I only wear these around the house thus no heavy gym use . After spending the high price of nearly $ 30 on a pair of sweats I expected a lot more . Russell price at Walmart quality . I will never buy Russell again.T -
 Bought XLT ... nice fit , adequate length , roomy , but very cheaply made . Material is paper thin and some seams came apart the very first day . Would not buy again .
 i bought 5x 's . they fit like they were 4x 's . i was very unhappy with my order.i wish they were larger
 Thin flimsly material not worth the money do not buy !!!!!! Also they are made in Packistan that is no friendto the US
 I bought a 65cm Sport Soft Edition FitBall directly from BallDynamics to be used as a birthing ball during the delivery of our son . The hospital ended up having balls there so we did n't need to use ours for that purpose . However , after arriving , our son liked to be held while gently bouncing on the ball . This became a daily routine for us to help him fall asleep and has worked well for the last 3 months.That is until the ball popped ! It was used on in a carpeted room for bouncing with a baby . Nothing strenuous in any way , but one day I sat down on it and it just deflated . -LRB- I 'm 6ft , 185lbs - no where near the 1,250 lbs capacity they claim on the ball . -RRB- There was a small tear on the side of it where it had burst and all the air rushed out . No hope for repair , especially since the tear spread once I picked the ball up to look at it.I tried to return the ball to BallDynamics but their customer service agent told me that they only had a 30 day return policy . She informed me they * MIGHT * exchange it for me , but I would have to pay up front for a new one and they would refund my money for the first ball * IF * they got it back and decided they wanted to . She had a tone in her voice that I was NOT getting a refund for the first ball , so I declined.I explained to her that I paid more to get the ball from them because of their claims for `` Burst Resistant Quality '' and that I could get a cheaper ball at the local fitness store or off Amazon , but that did n't change her stance any.I 'll find another brand and use that from now on . BallDynamics wo n't be getting any more of my money .
 I bought a 65 cm ball and a 75 cm ball . The 65 cm lost its sick sweet industrial plastic smell very quickly . The 75 cm ball gives no evidence of ever losing its smell , even though I left it outside in the sun and weather for a while . I guess it will be an outside play ball for the kids , as long as it lasts.If you do n't mind one more chemical odor in your life , then read the other reviews and decide .
 I thought I would receive a Gymnic ball but another product was sent . I am very familiar with Gymnic and was disappointed with the less durable product received . It does not hold its shape like Gymnic ; flattens while in use . I really miss the stability found in the Gymnic brand . CAUTION
 I need to exchange this Detroit Tigers cap for a larger-sized one . Please let me know how I can do it . Thanks .
 them with a special glue that the company said is called Goop you can get from any hardware store etc !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The unfortunate problem is that the padding for this product is poorly glued , and so eventually that glue gives out , leaving you with inversion boots that do n't work and need to be fixed.Don ' t waste your money on this product . I now wish I had gone a different route , but I thought I was getting a good deal paying only $ 50 some bucks for a pair of inversion boots ... I was wrong.Make your money count , and get the high-end model !
 The boots do n't fit right . Not enough padding , and the latch is loose , even with extra padding . I do n't recommend these boots . I have other Body Solid equipment , and their quality is excellent ... not this time ...
 I bought these for use with my free-standing pull-up bar . I was very pleased with the construction -- no cheap plastic on these -- but not at all with the size or the ` extra foam inserts ' included for adjusting the boots to your ankle size . The ` extra foam inserts ' -- which I put in quotes because they 're essentially useless -- are made with very low density foam and so really , they might as well have just not included anything . I had to add socks as extra layers -LRB- laid out around my ankles to create some padding -RRB- to help keep me from slipping out of the boots . Now , after attempting to use them , I have to say , they do * not * feel sturdy at all . The angle of the hooks on the boots allows you to slip off the bar you 're hooked onto far too easily ... and a fall on your head with all the force of your body could easily do some real , lasting damage.As of now , I have nothing to compare this to . I will be ordering the Teeter Hangups Boots and trying them -- I will update this review after having something to compare these to . Suffice it to say , I 'm not pleased with these , though.Pros
 This product does n't work on the ankle properly . They kept slipping off . They could n't hold or secure the ankle properly .
 i have scoliosis so i thought i would get into the whole inversion thing , but this thing has me thinking about getting a inversion table . for one unless your crazy fit , or like me an average dude you will not be able to get yourself hooked up without assistance , by the way make sure you do n't end up kicking your helper in the head with these things cause they hurt !!!!!! so as i was hanging upside down i began to immediately feel the euphoria and decompression in my spine , really . but the pain at my ankles also began to set in almost immediately . it literally felt as if my legs were going to rip at the ankles.ive read in order to have a good therapeutic inversion session you need to be hanging at least ten minutes , i only lasted about three , and then had to be immediately helped of , because as i said i could not at all unhook myself . but to be honest the relief i felt made me think maybe it just takes some getting used to , so i guess ill hang in there hahahahahahahah
 I bought this looking at the reviews . But I see that this is very unsafe and poorly designed product.the holders are smooth and does n't have enough angle so you can swing a little . Also after 2 minutes of use you will have ankle pain . I do not recommended this product at all .
 The boots hurt your ankles and upper feet like hell , kind of a torture ... tried so many things but design is flawed , could n't stand more than 2 minutes ... not recommended .
 I bought these to relieve pressure in some disks in my back as a result of my scoliosis.I was excited to get these , but ended up a disappointed.Because they are made out of metal , they do not give . What this means is that the edge puts a lot of pressure on the top part of your foot/ankle as you invert.To keep you foot from hurting too much you have to flex your foot , which is counterintuitive to inversion therapy . To properly relieve tension in your back your whole body needs to be relaxed and that is hard to do with these boots.Also , unless you are in a college dorm like I am and are limited by space , get an inversion table . I have one at home and I miss it quite a bit . If you are looking for inversion boots , look elsewhere.These are quality made and designed boots , but they are just too damn uncomfortable .
 I bought these hoping to be able to invert using me my pull up bar as a way to relieve stress . After putting them on , they felt very loose even with the foam pad installed that they provide . While hanging upside down , the pressure of my body pulling on my ankles caused blood circulation problems in my foot which I could n't figure out a way around . I even wrapped t-shirts around my ankles so the boots would fit more securely but that did n't work as well . Maybe you will have better luck then I did if you decide to purchase these .
 I bought these , and they do not change the effects of gravity at all.At least they look cool .
 we bought this set as a starter for a 12 year old who was starting golf . it seemed like a great deal at the time ; it had everything we needed for him . the irons were n't the easiest to hit as compared to a set of 845 's , but it did okay . the bag was good , the putter was good . the hybrids and the fairway woods seemed a little flimsy , but okay . the driver seemed okay at first . we went thru one bucket of balls at the driving range and the clubhead broke off . we retrieved it and returned the set . lo and behold the driver broke again after one set of balls at the range again . this time we returned it for a refund . this set has soured me on the brand , but the customer service has been outstanding . on the initial order , the clubs arrived in two -LRB- ! -RRB- days to hawaii . the return was good and the second set arrived in three days . . the second return went smoothly . i would not hesitate in buying from amazon again , just not this set .
 I need to exchange this Detroit Tigers cap for a larger-sized one . Please let me know how I can do it . Thanks .
 This is not a review of the product , really . But Amazon fulfillment has the wrong product tagged , so you will receive a cheap multi-purpose bar instead of this one . Do n't order without having Amazon confirming that they are sending the correct product : I received the following but it was made by Body-Solid -LRB- oddly enough , i ca n't find the product i received in Amazon anywhere -RRB- . Someone messed up in warehouse : http://www.amazon.com/Pure-Fitness-Multi-Purpose-Workout/dp/B000P0BARW/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid;=1353535015&sr;=8-5&keywords;=pull-up+sit-up+push-up
 One of the key support components proved to be drilled at the wrong angle , making it impossible to tighten all bolts . Also , craftsmanship is very shoddy ... tube end fittings expose torn metal edges , bolt housing welds are shoddy.Your mileage may vary
 I ordered the `` Body Solid PUB34 Pro-Style Doorway Chinning Bar '' , based on the picture shown . I was specifically looking for a chin up bar that was above the door way and not hanging below.The chin up bar I received was nothing like the one in the picture . It was the same piece of crap you can buy at any department store anywhere around town . It was a completely different style it was black and hanging below the door way.When I filled out the info for returning the product I was n't given the option to exchange it , because Amazon said that because the order # 'S matched , it was n't their mistake .
 The selection and description of quantities led me to believe that I would get at least 3 times more . This is undoubtedly the smallest amount of heat shrink I , ve ever received for the amount I paid ... . Very disappointed !
 Good socks , but at this price I can buy better at the store . The type of fabric makes sweat a little more , I like the length and the colors.The adidas little sticker brand thing disappeared after using it twice .
 I need to exchange this Detroit Tigers cap for a larger-sized one . Please let me know how I can do it . Thanks .
 I like -LRB- d -RRB- the watch . This is my second watch of this model , the first one needed expensive battery change so I was excited to buy this , which runs on light . Unfortunately , after a year or so , the crown came off ! I turned it to adjust the date and it just came off .
 They say this watch is forever , I hardly think so!First of all the watch is arrived without working.And if you read the instructions they say it can stay only `` 2 months '' not `` 6 months '' in the dark as they advertise.However , I 've been charging for the last 48 hours nonstop and it is still in NG position which means you can not use it yet.The battery does not hold up . I 've been reseting , still same.You constantly need to keep an eye on the watch to be sure that it 's charged which is impossible.And then suddenly , it stops!I am very disappointed with this watch , I 'll go back to my former diver watch .
 Just received my order and I was totally shocked at the size of this watch . I was expecting a fairly good size watch -LRB- 48mm case diameter -RRB- and its not ! It might be a 38mm !
 I bought this jump rope because I had been told by the employees at Dick 's Sporting Goods that a leather jump rope would be very durable and would last with daily use . I had bought a cheaper weighted jump rope from Target , but after two weeks of daily use on the cold outdoor ground , it split in two.I 'm sure you can imagine that I was very upset by this . I wanted to make sure that I bought the most durable jump rope I could find so that it would not happen again . I was happy to receive my rope two days before I was scheduled to receive it , and I was excited to start using it right away.When I took it out of the package , however , it was not ready for use right away . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' , so I needed to adjust the rope length . It came with seemingly easy instructions to do this , but DO NOT BE FOOLED . The second step reads `` remove weight '' . But the weight is wrapped with adhesive inside the handle and I had to bang it on cement to get the weights to come down and then had to use the rope to push it the rest of the way out.After cutting the rope to my desired length , the instructions read `` attach enclosed replacement clamp . '' I quickly figured out that this would n't be easy to do when I could n't pull the clamp apart with my hands , NOR WITH ANY OF THE 10 -LRB- ! -RRB- PLIERS IN MY HOUSE . I ended up using a large amount of copper wire that I wrapped around the end of the rope and clamped down with pliers . The process of adjusting my rope took a total of 2 hrs.As for durability or how long the rope will last , I have yet to see , but after having such a difficult time with instructions that appeared easy and were n't , I have a feeling it wo n't last very long .
 When we saw 6 pack and thought it meant you would get 6 coolers not 1 six pack cooler . B
 The selection and description of quantities led me to believe that I would get at least 3 times more . This is undoubtedly the smallest amount of heat shrink I , ve ever received for the amount I paid ... . Very disappointed !
 The product itself is a fine product , when new . They have a limited life before the glow fades and goes away completely . These are all from 2004 , meaning they only have a couple of years left in them . Pay a little more and get yourself a new pair from Kimber .
 I ordered the item Jan 23rd . Delivery estimate by Feb 1st . Okay . Waited for almost a month ! No tracking number when shipped . Finally got it on Feb 21 . The item was manufactured 2004 ?! It 's almost a decade old ! Anything else I would n't have cared . But tritium sights by nature has a limited life span . opticsplanet essentially charged me full price -LRB- actually over full price -RRB- for an item that 's 2/3 used up already ! Terrible seller . Would never buy from again !
 This product is just ok ... Its very light and feels cheaply made ... The hook for the fish is kinda small yet bulky at the same time and its a spring weight that is n't as easy to read vs digital . The measuring tape is ok ... it sticks a little but is pretty flimsy ... overall id skip this product .
 This stopwatch has one very serious defect . If one wants to time individual laps and then read the accumulated time at the end of the event , he is out of luck.I suppose most stopwatches have multiple timers to perform this task ; even cheap watches can usually do it , though their buttons and displays are too small for easy use.It never occurred to me that the feature would be lacking in any modern digital stopwatch.If you need that feature , beware .
 I got these expecting I would be getting some freshly made sights at least in the 2011 range . These sights last about 12 years -LRB- half life -RRB- and when these arrived I immediately look at the package and to my dismay they were made almost 5 years ago -LRB- 2008 -RRB- ! Not a good deal . Besides the fact that amazon probably got these cheap and charged full wholesale they are still well built sights .
 The selection and description of quantities led me to believe that I would get at least 3 times more . This is undoubtedly the smallest amount of heat shrink I , ve ever received for the amount I paid ... . Very disappointed !
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 The selection and description of quantities led me to believe that I would get at least 3 times more . This is undoubtedly the smallest amount of heat shrink I , ve ever received for the amount I paid ... . Very disappointed !
 This Ekho E-15 Heart Rate Monitor Watch fell apart on the 4th use -LRB- the stop/start button fell out . -RRB- When I approached Amazon for information on how to return it for a refund -LRB- by email -RRB- they referred me to Ekho . When I approached Ekho for information on how to return it for a refund they referred me back to Amazon.Meanwhile , I do n't have this very important piece of equipment for my work outs!What gives ?
 With all the recent coverage on how China does not regard our safety in the least , I find it incredible that a product designed to keep us away from plastics and `` safe '' is made in China.I 'm getting a SIGG bottle ... made in Switzerland . I will not support a country that could care less if my family is safe or not !
 this product has the right weight for working out in . light enough to not get overheated.biggest problem . lousy manufacturing and quality control . pants rip at the seams in less than 4 weeks . poor stitching . otherwise workable .
 I 've had a pair of these sweats for several years , I love how roomy and comfortable they are , but it was time for a new pair . Looked up the brand on my tag , found the same brand and type of sweats on Amazon , so ordered myself a new pair . My order arrived promptly , no issues there . However , when putting them on for the first time , I noticed one of the drawstrings had sunk back into the waistband . I managed to pull it through , but it was n't a fun way to start off . A couple days later , the stitching started coming out of various spots on the waistband . And about a week later I noticed the crotch seam had split . It 's sewable , so I wo n't return the merchandise , but I 'll think twice before purchasing clothes sight unseen again .
 I have only worn my pants once and the seams on the back have come undone
 Very Cheap made pants seams started coming out the firts time I wore them Dont waste your money on these
 These pants are super thin , I doubt they could have made them any thinner , they are made in Pakistan and it shows.Do not confuse these with sweat pants or lounge pants , they are much thinner than that and certainly not worth $ 20 a pair.Russell used to sell a good product but their out sourcing leaves us with an inferior product , buy a different brand and save yourself a lot of disappointment . JUNK !!! Update -- returned these pants to seller but never heard from them , no refund , no nothing.Amazon is not standing by their sellers and have offered no help at all , so do n't believe Amazon when they tell you they will refund money if seller does n't do the right thing .
 Very disappointed . I thought these were ungathered ankle sweats and my husband looks like a complete dork wearing them . Would not reccommend . Too thin as well .
 The threads in the crotch pulled apart leaving a 6 inch gap . I only wear these around the house thus no heavy gym use . After spending the high price of nearly $ 30 on a pair of sweats I expected a lot more . Russell price at Walmart quality . I will never buy Russell again.T -
 Bought XLT ... nice fit , adequate length , roomy , but very cheaply made . Material is paper thin and some seams came apart the very first day . Would not buy again .
 i bought 5x 's . they fit like they were 4x 's . i was very unhappy with my order.i wish they were larger
 Thin flimsly material not worth the money do not buy !!!!!! Also they are made in Packistan that is no friendto the US
 Pass this one by . Look for the titanium products made by Snowpeak instead , better quality and price.The price on this is too high . Mine came with a dent in it . I popped it out , but you can still tell . I should have returned it , buy I am lazy.I still use it , its very lightweight and fits over the bottom of my steel water bottle .
 Wish they gave you the option for a negative score on a product . But they do n't , so I checked one star , the lowest possible score to select . Non-stick pans are really convenient , especially in the back country where you do n't have a sink for clean up . Unfortunately , Duracoat -LRB- the coating that makes this a non-stick pan -RRB- is a carcinogen with a half-life in the blood stream of four years ! That means it takes the body four years to eliminate only half of whatever gets into your system from a single exposure . Why would anyone expose themselves to this chemical even once ? But to continue to use it on an ongoing basis means that you 're basically accumulating this chemical in your system to higher and higher levels because the body can barely get this out of your system . A little convenience is n't worth getting pancreatic cancer down the line
 It was really useful to me , until it broke . Now it gets stuck all the time . I used it to count my swim laps , so it did get wet often . Not sure if that is what caused it to break or not .
 The watch hands are virtually indistinguishable at night , making it a poor choice . Good dive features , but I found the dive mode would automatically enter if I went jogging -LRB- sweat will activate it -RRB- . It also goes into dive mode in the shower ... not a good design . There ought to be some way of telling the watch , `` I 'm at the ocean , NOW you can start dive mode . `` If you want a watch ONLY for diving , this is a good choice . Otherwise , steer clear !
 I got this watch for Christmas -LRB- possibly at my strong suggestion -RRB- . No warning at all in the description that you can not change from Imperial to Metric -LRB- ca n't change from Feet to Meters , or Fahrenheit to Celsius -RRB- . Are you kidding me ??? Are the people at Citizen totally RETARDED ? or do they think that their US clients will never travel outside the US to go diving . Last time I checked
 Ordered the watch and could n't turn the bezel . Titanium bracelet is a joke compared to a original citizen titanium bracelet . This is some sort of cheap chinese bracelet . When i took the bracelet of it was directly possible to use the bezel . Should of stayed with Suunto . Then also you would n't have that problem with metric versus imperial . . and celcius versus fahrenheit.Come on . . We live in 2012 . People do travel . . a
 I bought this watch October 29 , 2010 . It seems the battery is already in need of replacement , and the case tells me to send it into a Citizen repair shop only . Ok , I can do that , but it is a pain . It also stopped working as a dive watch when i was on a dive vacation , that is the dive portion of the watch . Now after only two years I have to send it in for service . The crystal also will scratch easy , not like my other watch . I see online where people are having a lot of problems with this watch , so not recommended .
 The belt is very stiff which is good but it is listed as a 1.5 inch belt but its more like 2.25 . The buckle is also very stiff . I had to take pliers to get it off a couple times now . Pay a little more and get a better quality
 Optics not the best . Not as clear as I would like . The 7X was more foggy/cloudy than the 3X . Field of view was wanting but price is ok . It just needs a bright daylight environment for 7X to really be clear enough . Like I said , price is ok . I would not go varmint shooting with it but paper targets would be ok .
 seriously a wet paper towel does the same thing . you do not to spend the 10 dollars for this product and its shipping . this is not a good purchase . do not listen to the other comments ! waste of money !
 This compass does n't have an on / off switch but appears to switch off when not in use . I suspect mine has a fault as it keeps losing it 's calibration.At the end of the day , this is a budget compass and I certainly would n't rely on it for orienteering or anything life saving !
 I bought this and it was not a good product , bad display , fads battery compartment cheap , better to buy a non digital or you may get lost in the woods with a nice hungry bear chasing you as you freeze and your wife nags you about your navigation skills .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 This product does not stay upright on a round bar as shown on the manufacturer 's web site . The bottom line is that your wheel will end up resting on your roof and damaging your clear coat over time . If you drive an old beat up car , or if you 'd like your car to start looking old and beat up , this may be okay for you . It would be easy for Yakima to design this with a brace that fit into a bike rack next to the wheel spoke . There are better products available for this purpose .
 This is a great concept , and I really wanted to love it , in fact I still have it on my subaru with my Copperhead Fork mounts just incase I can figure a better way of using it ... That being said . The first time on the road with this tire mount , I was going down the highway around 70 mph and heard a loud thud on my roof . Scared part of the rack ripped off , I exited the highway to see if there was any damage . No damage , but no tire upright anymore either . The mount had shifted over and landed on the roof , still attached , but rubbing the roof ... I tried what others have said and added some electrical tape under the mount before using it so it does `` turn '' , and I tightened the nuts till they seemed too tight . The problem still existed . With the weight of my 29er MTB X-Country bike tire , it simply can not live up to it 's need . Fortunately I have another bike with a 700cc road tire that weighs 1/3rd , almost 1/4th , compared to my 29er . The rack should work for it , but I 'm still nervous to bring it back on the highway , under 50mph with the road bike tire is OK . Over 50 is yet to be deteremined . Under 45mph with a 29er seemed to be fine , but I was on the highway for no more than 2 - 3 miles before having to exit ! So buyer beware . Also - there is no lock , no SkS Lock , notta . A simple wrench could steal the mount off with your tire . So take it with you for the night when traveling , or lock it in your vehical after . On a nice note , it does lay nice and flat while not in use , and match my yakima rack and rail system beautifully ...
 Put 2 of these on my truck . Does n't cam enough . You will have to spin it every time to get the fork on and off . Waste of money . regret the purchase . Ended up just laying bikes in the bed . Could be good but needs improvement .
 I 'll start by saying I was happy to be able to buy new ones without needing to buy a new rack . Now that I have new ones , I can sell a complete rack to someone on Craigslist cause this is a HORRIBLE design.I needed to buy new ones because the teeth get chewed up and deformed when you try to cinch this down on your rim . Once they get too chewed up they stop releasing and you 'll need to cut it off with a knife -LRB- be careful not to slash your bike tire -RRB- . Once you replace them , you 'll be reminded that they do n't cinch down well enough to hold onto road bike rims - though they do hold onto MTB rims/tires well enough.I use these on an Ankle Biter rack from Yakima -LRB- at least until I find someone to buy it from me -RRB- . There has got to be a better way to do this .
 Yakima used to make their wheel strap with a removable shim , just like Thule currently does . The shim made the strap more secure when carrying road bicycles with classic profile rims . However , now Yakima does not provide any sort of shim with their wheel straps . Perhaps they feel like their fork mount is secure enough that the strap is merely for balance and not further security ? Or are they counting on bicycle owners only carrying mountain bikes and/or road bikes with high profile rims ? I could see where cinching down on a carbon rim might be a bad idea , but eliminating the option for road bicycles that have neither high profile or carbon rims is strange , especially since Thule continues to provide these shims with their wheel straps . The result of this omission means that people are more likely to over-cinch the strap and break off teeth or pull the strap back further up the curve of the wheel and cinch the strap at an angle , increasing the possibility of fatigue breakage . I am going to throw my Yakima straps in the trunk of the car and check to see if Thule straps will fit . Most Thule accessories can fit Yakima rack systems , either with or without adaptors depending on the item .
 I bought this tandem rack to replace an older Rocky Mounts rack with the hope that it would make the process of getting a tandem on to a roof top rack easier . Unfortunately I 've been very dissapointed . To begin with the cross bars I had on my vehicle were n't wide enough to allow standing the bike up to place the fork into the mount without the chain rings hitting the side of the car . I purchased wider bars which did solve that problem . The rack is designed to swivel out the fork mount , stand the bike on end with the front tire off , put into the mount , then lift the bike and swing it around and drop the bottom tube onto a support . In theory it 's supposed to be a one person operation , but my experience as a 5 ' 8 '' person is forget it . Even with my wife assisting by pushing the swivel fork mount back inward it was very difficult to set the bike down onto the support for the bottom tube because the chains get hung up on it . This requires lifting the bike quite high and using my hands to keep the chain from catching . Then the weight of the bike sits on the cables which are routed along the bottom of the tube . Finally placing the two straps over the bottom tube to secure it is a major pain as well . I can actually only get one of them on with the geometry of our bike , and the other again requires handling the chain . I have ended up with chain grease on my hands , shirt , and shorts every time we 've used it . This rack is quite expensive and poorly designed in my view . Fortunately we purchased it from REI and even though we 've been using for about a month they will take it back . I 'm going to look at the updated Rocky Mounts tandem rack , the Thule tandem rack or simply stick with our old rack .
 Disgusted !!! The flags I ordered were NOT sent . Instead I was sent flag designs that I already owned . GIVE THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 Inseam length was 2x reported in product description . Husband tried shorts on to see how they fit and the crotch was down to the knees almost . Had to return them . Very disappointed .
 I have purchased several pair of Russell athletic shorts in the past , and felt comfortable ordering another pair . I was surprised that the length of these shorts was well below my knee , about 4 inches longer than I prefer . If the ad had stated a 8 '' or 10 '' inseam , I never would have bough them
 These things are huge . They hang half way between your knee and your ankle and are very uncomfortable . The material is poor quality . Definitely a big disappointment for a product from Russell Athletic .
 The first pair was a perfect fit in the 4X size I wear , but the 2nd is a 3x when I ordered a 4X again ... the little insignia `` n `` can be felt but not seen also on my 2nd pair . Unfortunately I live in Thailand and it 's been too long for me to try to send back to USA ... shame this happens because a garment worker puts a wrong size label on their companies products , never saw that happen when the work was done here in the USA by our Garment Workers !
 I bought the same product at Kmart/Sears for half the price and no waiting on US snail mail .
 I like to wear these as pj bottoms . The drawstring is great , as are the pockets . The length is perfect . However , every pair I 've owned -LRB- in excess of 10 pair -RRB- has had a problem with the seams tearing at the pockets . Maybe I 'm putting too much stuff in the pocket and stressing the seam ? It 's just annoying to have holes in the shorts after only washing them a time or 2 . The shorts are also too expensive here . More so depending on the color you choose , as some are not shipped Prime.I 'll be looking for another brand of similar shorts .
 Same review as for the jersey pants . light enough to workout in and not get overheated.biggest problem . lousy manufacturing and qualilty control . very poor stitching . seams ripped inside of four weeks . otherwise workable .
 THE PICTURE OF THE RUSSELS SHORTS APPEAR TO BE ABOVE THE KNEE IN LENGTH . THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT THEY ARE TO THE KNEE AND SOME WHAT BELOW . NOT WHAT THE PICTURES SHOWS .
 The shorts I received crotch length from waist to crotch is sized as regular not big . If you are trying to buy shorts with a longer length from waist to crotch these shorts will not fit .
 The item looks like a pair of shorts - thats why I bought it . what got delivered was an oversize pair of long track pants - at least the color was the same as the picture . I have returned it and asked for a refund .
 i have been sucker twice , and i do not blame u but , i have learn my lesson i will never again buy this product again . wrong size sent , poor manufacturing , just plain suck this item I . A . P. O. S.
 These were the long pull on sweat pants ... since I am in Iraq ... nothing a pair of scissors ca n't fix ...
 Did not care for these shorts , elastic wait band not totally covered , so it rips at you skin after wearing for awhile . The more active you are the worse it feels . Also these are the only mens large I have ordered that are smaller then other large sizes alredy owned .
 I bought 3 of these shorts size 1X between mid-2008 and late-2010 . The 2 black color fit well and the single grey color was a bit larger but still useful . I liked these items . They were made in Pakistan and all were labelled 1X . Recently I ordered 3 more size 1X shorts - 2 black and 1 blue . The blue I received was labelled 1X made in Pakistan and fit like expected.The 2 black shorts were labelled XL and had a much smaller waist . Made in China . I figured different patterns so I ordered the next size up -LRB- 2X -RRB- . The new shorts were HUGE , reaching below the knee . Also made in China . I have n't seen anyone in person who could wear that size.Anyway I gave up and returned the items for credit . No more Russell orders for me . These days the Russell sizing seems to be more based on the color than the size label.Thank you Amazon for the great return policy .
 The pockets are too shallow , the length of the pant is too long , the material is not very thick , and my husband wore them for two hours and said , &#34; Send them back ! &#34;
 I bought this Pedometer for my wife as we are both trying to get back to better health . She has another Pedometer she uses , but it makes a lot of noise in her office causing heads to turn . This Robic M-327 is much quieter and has seven day memory which is great since she keeps a daily log . The problem is the sensitivity of this pedometer can not be fully adjusted and so it counts each step as two and is so far off that it becomes unusable . Have tried repositioning it and sliding the sensitivity to the least sensitive position , nothing works .
 This pedometer was the highest price at the sports store so it seemed a reliable pick , but I 'm returning it . Despite adjusting the sensitivity button its step counts are wildly inaccurate . The features sound great , but it 's useless if it ca n't count .
 This unit could not be reset after a couple of walks rendering it useless .
 This is a completely useless purchase . Being hit with a paintball does n't hurt . Buying this is just waisting your $ $ $ .
 I thought these lenses would be the same as in the picture ... . not the case . It is a completely black lens and not at all good for woods ball !!
 I am sorry to report this this pedometer has not proven to be accurate.I hope I will be sent a replacement.I followed all the instructions to no avail.Example , on what I know to be a one mile walk . It gave one reading on the first leg and a different reading on the return on the same path.I would be happy to return this and get another in exchange . Perhaps I got a defective pedometer . I know that happens.I could then write a more positive review .
 i ordered it along with my klean kanteen bottles , but it was never shipped.no explanation , no apology . just a refund.why did n't they ship them to me in a second shipment if they did n't include them in the first orginal shipment ?
 I bought these to hold a generic metal water bottle while jogging/running . It holds the bottle quite firmly , but bounces around too much to wear while active . Good for walkers , but bad for runners .
 This will not fit a standard small water bottle . Must have to order one of their bottles for it to fit .
 I purchased four of these for $ 26 , but returned them when they were not what was expected . Even though I returned them unused , in the original box , within a week of delivery , Amazon only refunded me $ 6.50 -LRB- 1/4 of what I spent ! -RRB- BEWARE when purchasing from Amazon.com . The return policy is misleading . I will NEVER buy anything from Amazon again !
 ca n't review product , however the company is poor ! More than a month since payment and have yet to receive the bottles , I did get a seperate shipment for the harness , customer service has yet to respond . BEWARE
 Read the title carefully . It is just a sling , note the beautiful stainless steel bottle as the picture and title might suggest . I made a mistake , read it too fast , and the last two words `` shoulder sling '' just did not catch my attention . Silly me .
 I was surprised that the headphones are permanently connected to the body of the radio . The volume has only three settings . It did n't work when we tried to turn it on but after wiggling the headphone wires it would sometimes play .
 Received my product and it does n't even work ! VERY flimsy and cheap ... very surprised by the product . Looks like something you could buy in the dollar store , but it 's not even worth a dollar since it does n't work !
 I baught two of these to give away as safety awards , but it turned out they did not work . It would indicate lightning when non was around . I found out later the product had been discontinued from some websites . Amazon refunded my mooney . GO AMAZON.COM !!!
 I 've used this for quite a while now , and it 's accurate and very responsive to lightning strikes ... . however ... -LRB- That 's like `` BUT '' -RRB- the power switch is the weakest link in this unit . It gets so weak that you have to apply a great amount of pressure to it , in order to work the functions , turn it on , off ... or whatever . The company I bought it from has replaced one of them already , and now the one they sent is acting up the same way . They were cooperative in dealing with the problem , but customers want products that DO N'T REQUIRE calls and replacements ... they want RELIABILITY ! Sorry to say , the switch in this unit makes the whole product unreliable . Since I only use this one season a year , it has n't been `` over-used '' nor had exsessive use ... VERY frustrating .
 I bought this for my 5 yr old , because of my love for storms and my wifes OCD hate of storms . It does work . He loved it . Me and my little buddy are storm watchers . It detects Strong electrical impulses , but as the directions state . It may go off next to electical items . Such as , useless in a car or anything with a motor . The fridge will set it off when it kicks in . Any large appliance or even a riding lawn mower will set it off or the computer . It does work outside though . We lived in the country and when you walked into the farmers field , away from electical items , it did work well . I would say it is good for outdoorsmen who have no way to see the weather channel , or no connection to the real world . Otherwise it is just a gaget.Sorry folks .
 It worked twice , then quite and does n't even come on . Then , has NO customer support ! Good concept though for ANY Electro-Static Discharge . I had even planned on using it at work -LRB- in Electronics Industry -RRB- and MY Robotics ...
 I purchased this watch because it was cheap compared to the G-Shock series and I thought it looked good without being too bulky . After a 3-4 months of daily use I found that the little round metal time winder on the side of the watch was popped out of place . No matter how much I try to jam it back into place , it would constantly pop back out , causing the time to be displayed inaccurately or just causing the watch to not function altogether .
 Leave this loser in the doghouse . Pulse monitor difficult to use and when can get a reading , it 's way off the page .
 I agree with the other review . This does not work . Even the instructions tell you to stand perfectly still to measure your pulse - absurd .
 I read the directions carefully for this pulse monitor , but repeatedly received inconsistent HR readings . it seems you have to have your finger positioned exactly right , and without so much as breathing for it to register correctly . I would not recommend this product for the purposes of obtaining a pulse reading .
 It was weird to operate ... I bought it for my son 's project ... it is flaky and some times does it 's own thing ... kids are using it as a toy now : -LRB- It served the purpose so it 's all good
 This piece is advertised as a pulse monitor , it really does n't work well , I do not recomend it for anyone who wants to quickly check their pulse while excercising .
 Black Diamond used to make great gear , all in Salt Lake City , Utah USA.They now make all their climbing equipment -- including critical safety gear like this -- in China . I just bought a set of these , and although they still say `` Black Diamond USA '' , they are actually made in China -LRB- see the small label that comes on the ` biner -RRB- . I 'm on my way to REI to return them right now .
 It was just way to big . The pictures provided where very misleading . I wanted something small to hook my keys to in order to not have to fish for them in my purse . However this is HUGE . I could really go rock climbing with this if I wanted to .
 I agree with the last reviewer . I have ordered this product from another site and it says USA on the carabiner , but the tag does say made in china . I would certainly not going to entrust my life on anything that is made in China . In fact , I am not going be an iPhone or iPad consumer any more as well .
 One of the main reasons I purchased this item was because the description said it was made in the USA . I received my Neutrino Black Diamond carabiners only to discover they are made in China according to the small paper tag attached to the carabiner . The product description needs to read `` Country of Origin
 I 've had a magnet on my car for years , and was trying to find a similar one for my wife 's car . So I got her this - but it came off the first time she went through a car wash ! A touchless car wash ! Clearly not as robust a magnet as mine . Of course , could be because mine was Auburn , and hers was A&M . ; -RRB-
 The mallets are very small . The build quality on the balls is awful , one split in half the first day . Coat hangers are made of better quality than the wickets . Quite possibly the worst croquet set I have ever used .
 This set , after 1 family outing of normal use , had to be returned . My 10 yo son was disappointed . He 's wanted a set for a set for a couple of summers now . The balls were dented & 2 mallets cracked . Target took it back & refunded us without problem , though . I ca n't believe Target carried this product . Overall all of their stuff is great , this product for me , will make me check their items much more closely !
 i bought one of these at target , and it was a major disappointment . chunks of plastic fell off the ends of both mallets we were using in the first game , and the balls got pock-marked immediately . -LRB- admittedly my boyfriend is an unusually aggressive croquet player , but even so ... -RRB- the bag looks good from the outside , but is lined with cardboard and super flimsy . we also bought a badminton set by the same company at the same time , and the shuttlecock burst through the strings of both rackets on the first game . we had to return them both the next day . beware !!!
 We 've had a lot of straps over time , but these seem flimsy . If I knotted the straps after using the clip , they come loose .
 I bought a Yakima kayak rack 2 years ago and love it ! However , one strap had worn , so I ordered the Yakima Heavy Duty replacement straps , naturally . Caution
 I bought these with a new Yakima setup to secure and haul my 75lb canoe around on top of the vehicle . The first two outings I began to wonder if I was cinching them all the way tight . After further use I decided the straps worked loose by driving at speeds less than 40MPH . From my percpective these are DANGEROUS to use for anything you want to secure onto your vehicle . They simple work loose far too easily . I believe the problem is with the material . The straps are durable but are comprised of slippery webbing that simply does n't hold inside the buckle . If you want to make sure you boat is secure on your vehicle do n't waste a second looking at these , instead I highly recommend the Yakima Ripcord Locking Strap which is reliable . Unfortunately these are what a lot of people will go to first and people will have dropped money on something which insecure and potentially dangerous .
 I remember when Danskin products wore like iron and looked as good a year later as the day they were purchased . The quality has suffered tremendously in recent years . The material does n't last and worse , of five pairs I 've bought , two had multiple open seams with gaps as long as five inches that I had to sew shut myself . Terrible .
 As far as leggings go these are just fine , like every other pair I own . What earns them the low rating is lack of value.I paid a third for leggings that own that are just as good . Not happy about that .
 I have the Poker Genie , but wanted to try the ESPN product . It requires you to enter your chips and it dictates everything else . I know what blinds I want , antes and Round Times , but I am unable to program it to my custom needs . Run away from this product . On the plus side , I 'll sell you mine for practically nothing ...
 You can not set the time or the chip values that you want . You are also limited on the length of the tournament you choose . Awful . .
 I remember when Danskin products wore like iron and looked as good a year later as the day they were purchased . The quality has suffered tremendously in recent years . The material does n't last and worse , of five pairs I 've bought , two had multiple open seams with gaps as long as five inches that I had to sew shut myself . Terrible .
 As far as leggings go these are just fine , like every other pair I own . What earns them the low rating is lack of value.I paid a third for leggings that own that are just as good . Not happy about that .
 I remember when Danskin products wore like iron and looked as good a year later as the day they were purchased . The quality has suffered tremendously in recent years . The material does n't last and worse , of five pairs I 've bought , two had multiple open seams with gaps as long as five inches that I had to sew shut myself . Terrible .
 As far as leggings go these are just fine , like every other pair I own . What earns them the low rating is lack of value.I paid a third for leggings that own that are just as good . Not happy about that .
 After about a 2 months of sporadic use , my mat simply tore at a seam . This caused it to fall apart and become trash . I imagine if you strike the mat with a proper stroke , it will be fine , but if you are working on fixing your swing , then this is probably not for you . I , like many golfers tend to come over the top with my swing , this caused me to hit the mat where it attaches at the synthetic grass and the base molding . The grass is threaded into another layer which is glued into place on top of the base . Eventually this second layer separated from the base and the `` grass '' separated completely . Cheap glue = not a well made product .
 This might be a nice mat if you NEVER miss hit but if you strike the mat with any kind of force you will damage the mat . First it will separate from the base because it is just glued on to the black rubber base . There may be some other alternatives to this mat that are larger and less likely to hit the edge of the mat but they are far more expensive . I guess nothing really substitutes hitting off real grass if you can find it . Save your money on this one or locate a larger mat . I 've already put mine aside and chocked it up as a lesson learned . Not sure why it received high reviews .
 Gun proved defective and useless VERY quickly . Vendor refers returns to Mfg. only . Mfg. required me to pay shipping to fix their piece of junk . I was notgoing to double my investment in an obviously poorly made item so to the trash can it went . A TRUE RIP-OFF . I could NOT be more dissatisfied .
 I could n't select zero stars , but given my experience with Amazon and the Horizon product , I would have . The product is currently worthless because it is sitting in my garage in an unusable state . It arrived damaged with a broken housing and handle bars , and was missing washers needed to complete assembly . I have contacted both Amazon and Horizon customer service to no avail . Amazon did respond -LRB- Horizon has n't -RRB- , but has done nothing to resolve these matters .2 / 15/06 Update - After more than a month , I finally received the replacement and missing parts to complete assembly , but the machine makes the most annoying clunking and grinding noises from within . -LRB- Nothing to do with assembly . -RRB- Horizon has done nothing to evaluate or repair the cause.Grades for Horizon and Amazon
 I purchased the Horizon Fitness EX33 elliptical trainer in May 2006 . I felt like I had purchased quality equipment and was very satisfied with the various levels and workouts to choose from . Unfortunately the machine does n't work . I can turn it on and the display lights up , but nothing happens . Naturally the one year parts and labor warranty expired 5 months ago . I could understand if several people used it on a daily basis , but I am the only one who uses it maybe once or twice a week . I would have expected this from an entry level elliptical in the $ 200 to $ 300 range . Very disappointed !!
 Unable to get this sight to aim low enough to hit the targets . My advice is stick with the stock sight and polish the brass bead . Worked great on my 336 . Even the local gunsmith could not make this fire sight work .
 My son is 3 . Even though he is within the specified weight range , I thinks this product was n't a good fit . We only had it for a week and it stopped working . I think this product is better for a younger child or a less coordinated child . He enjoyed it for the time he had it . The trouble seemed to come in when he tried to push it like a regular scooter .
 My daughter received the scooter for christmas . We open the scooter last week . It did not work . I am returning it tomorrow .
 why buy this i mean they are kids what if they seriouly hurt
 I bought this for my 4 year old daughter and now I am trying to decide what to do about it . She was so excited to get it and ride on it , but we soon learned that it moves so slowly -LRB- literally slower than she can walk -RRB- , that it is frustrating to ride . She currently has a push scooter and always wears her safety gear . So I think we will try and return it and wait until she gets a little older to get her a real scooter .
 This thing is extremely slow . Unless you are buying it for your one year old it is not worth it ! The battery only lasted a few charges . My daughter had more fun with it while it had a dead battery .
 I remember when Danskin products wore like iron and looked as good a year later as the day they were purchased . The quality has suffered tremendously in recent years . The material does n't last and worse , of five pairs I 've bought , two had multiple open seams with gaps as long as five inches that I had to sew shut myself . Terrible .
 As far as leggings go these are just fine , like every other pair I own . What earns them the low rating is lack of value.I paid a third for leggings that own that are just as good . Not happy about that .
 I purchased it on Amazon for my wife 's 24 '' mountain bike . Even in its shortest length , it is still too long to secure between head tube and seat pole . Need to return it . Amazon needs to have much more clear description -LRB- especially working length -RRB- for this item .
 I bought this to work with a bike without a top tube that I currently have to mount `` upside-down '' and use the angled downtube to mount . However this put the bike up very high and blocks rear view . However , this adapater does not work well with very large -LRB- ie
 There are four basic deficiencies with this product :1 -RRB- It is not spring loaded so it is not as secure as it could be .2 -RRB- Extending and contracting is difficult and not smooth , making it hard to adjust to any length other than fully extended or fully contracted .3 -RRB- The `` loops '' open up or down and not sideways which makes it more cumbersome to install on the bike .4 -RRB- The buttons that you must press to open the loops are recessed too far down making it difficult to openThe Swagman -LRB- Swagman Bar Adapter Deluxe -RRB- and the SparehandSpareHand Bike Frame Adaptorbike frame adaptors do not have these flaws and are much better .
 This bar arrived today and I am discouraged that it was too long to fit on my wife 's Trek Navigator 2 bike.Size and length listings on the sales site for this item would have been helpful .
 I bought this for my Trek step through bike and I do n't like that the bike just sits on the bar . The bike was at an odd angle on the rack and front tire hung very low . I am going to try one of the spring loaded ones so the bike is n't at an angle and so I can mount it higher on the rack . It was also expensive for what it is .
 I used this in conjunction with the Yakima KingJoe . This adapter does the job of making a crossbeam for mounting purposes ; however , it does not hold the bike enough to keep it from swaying.When this was used on my girlfriend 's hybrid bike , the crossbeam was not at the right angle , making it the front tires 3 inches from the pavement when mounted on the KingJoe . When getting off my driveway , the tire would rub the driveway . I would assume all crossbeams will have this issue though . If you must purchase a crossbeam adapter , choose another brand -LRB- maybe something spring loaded that will put more presure on the bike -RRB- .
 this magnesium fire starter I received is not the 1 in the picture it is noticeably shorter only about 2 inches in length have bought multiple magnesium fire starters this is the first 1 I 've purchased that was only 2 inches in length
 The sweatshirt seemed to have a weird fit . The neck hole was so small it was hard to get on . Then the bottom was so narrow and the top was relatively wide . It just did n't fit , so I sent it back .
 not as picture very thin stove I then got a cast iron burner propane stove , and this one works good for me
 It does light up :-RRB- but I could not even adjust the flame!I recommend spending some more money and getting a better one .
 Probably a great product , so if your a child , woman or man under 5 ' 7 and/or weigh less than 200lbs . . these probably work for you.I 've got quite normal legs , but for some bizarro reason , the XL size of these things is about 1.5-2 '' too small to close around my calf . Its not like I have Schwarzeneggeresque calf muscles . Seems to me OR is targeting the small folks for its products.I guess the rest of us do n't get to snowshoe . I 'd look for another make or try on a local product in person if you are over 5 ' 7 '' and/or over 200lbs . Crazy but true .
 Great comp to deal with but the heater would be good for only in the tent with ventalation . We used it outside and not enough heat comes off . You need to right up against it to feel the warmth . Better off getting their dual head unit
 This product gets so hot it melts itself and turns into a flame thrower very scary luckily nobody got hurt save your money and by the mr heater version
 Hello , we purchased this because we own an older Nissan and absolutely love it . So , I say , lets get another one because some times we have people over and love french press coffee . Both the new , and old Nissan keep things equally hot . However , because Thermos decided to make the new bottle out of 18/8 steel instead of 18/10 like the old one , the coffee in the new one comes out with a metallic flavor . So , we returned the new one . we just could n't get past the strange flavor the new one imparts on the coffee . if you only want hot , this is a good product . if you do n't like metallic flavors , skip this one.cheers , John
 I owned a Nissan insulated travel mug for over 30 years when someone borrowed it and it disappeared . After giving up on ever finding it or having it returned , I finally purchased a Nissan thermos that was highly rated hoping that the new-and-improved version would be even better . I have been very disappointed with this thermos . I just want something to keep my coffee hot during the day so I can have a cup in the morning and one in the afternoon . I did n't want anything fancy . I have meticulously followed the directions for pre-heating it with boiling water before filling and for securing the lid and have found that no matter how careful I am , sometimes the thermos inexplicable leaks . The first time I chalked it up to my overfilling the thermos and the coffee dripped out of the spout . The subsequent times , it appears to leak from different places in the thermos and I ca n't figure out what I do wrong . I am not confident that it will not leak so I always put it in a ziplock bag before putting it in my bag , just in case . I find this extremely annoying considering the cost of the item and my expectations that it would be leak-proof . Even that would be somewhat forgivable if the thermos kept my coffee hot for hours . However , I still find myself microwaving my coffee in the afternoon . Overall , this has not been a satisfying purchase for me .
 The thermos is stylish and definitely keeps my coffee hot for a four or five hours . My problem ? The top ! I have so many problems getting the primary top to screw into the thermos properly . Invariably , it goes in crookedly and allows coffee to spill . I try and try ... what 's the trick ?!?! Eventually , I give up and screw on the cup . Liquid wo n't leak out with both tops on , but when I arrive at work and take off the cup , coffee dribbles down the side from the improperly tightened lid . Definitely disappointed .
 Wow , I am truly disappointed with this thermos . I got this item as a gift for my husband for Valentine 's Day , and he was thrilled to have such a nice little thermos to take to work . Unfortunately the lid does not screw on properly . I do n't know if we got a miss-threaded thermos , but it leaks , and does n't seat properly in the bottle . With much effort , he can sometimes get it to close with just a little leakage . But no one wants hot coffee spilled on their lap . The thermos does keep hot coffee hot , especially if you pre-heat the thermos with hot water . But with a leaking , improperly seated lid , it does n't serve well for travel . Very disappointed with this piece .
 The problem is the boiling water goes cold after about an hour in the flask . The outside of the flask is warm when touched . Very Disappointed .
 I thought this bottle would keep my tea hot for at least a day . No way . Stanley thermos is a much better product for keeping liquids hot .
 I purchased this to replace a small thermos I 'd had for many years ; I use the thermos daily to bring coffee to work . My husband had the larger version , and liked it . This smaller thermos does not insulate . Hot coffee is cold within an hour . At first , I thought that I was not tightening the lid sufficiently ; not only did tightening the lid not solve the problem , but over-tightening the lid made the thermos impossible for me to open once I got to the office . I had to run hot water over the thermos in order to get the outside to expand sufficiently to allow me to get the lid to budget . I have quit using this thermos and am looking for a replacement thermos .
 Like reviewer mommyofchristopher , I too bought the 17 oz . `` Thermocafe '' Thermos at Walmart . I have the Thermos/Nissan 34 oz . bottle , and it keeps things hot for the long periods other reviewers have found . The 17 oz . Thermocafe branded model is good for only 3 to 4 hours hot , then it gets noticeably cooler . A case of you get what you pay for?New development
 My mom has insisted me to buy Thermos as she , her sisters and family has been using Thermos since 1970s . This particular bottle does n't keep water hot for even 12 hours . As stated in the product description , it ca n't keep the beverages hot for 24 hours . Probably Glass Thermos bottles can hold temperature for 12 hours . Also the lid does n't fit properly .
 With all the great reviews , this thermos seemed like exactly what I was looking for . I wanted to brew tea at home and take it into work . The only reason I 'm giving it even two stars is that the size was very convenient . It nicely held two cups of tea.In the two most important aspects of a thermos -- heat retention and non-leakage -- it was a failure . My commute to work was about 90 minutes , but by the time I arrived , the piping hot tea I had poured in was lukewarm when I poured it into my waiting cup at the office . -LRB- I had followed the directions and preheated the thermos with boiling water before filling , so that was not the problem . -RRB- The thermos also leaked , not a lot , but enough that I did n't feel comfortable just putting it in my bag without wrapping it up inside plastic bags . That really defeated the purpose of purchasing a thermos , for me.Perhaps I just received a dud , but I was really disappointed with this item . It 's been sitting unused in my cabinet gathering dust for a couple years now . I should just toss it in the trash . I doubt I 'll ever use it again .
 Stay far away from these balls !! They will DESTROY clubs !! These things are not designed for newer golf clubs and the company knows this and will do nothing ... BEWARE -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These guys make such a bewildering array of products that when you find one that meets your needs , you can never find more of the same kind . They should number their socks or something - &#34; Style Number 314683 &#34; or the like , if they even make the same kind of sock , with the same texture and material and weight , for more than two months in a row . It 's a pain , because if I do n't wear wool socks my feet hurt , and they used to be very reliable .
 This product came missing the extension tube which makes it basically usless to clean your gun components . Options are to buy another product that would have an extension tube that would fit or return . It would nice if you could contact seller and have them mail you the extension tube . If this was an option I would pay for the stamp .
 Much of the information in the book is repeated in other sections , so I feel like I am paying twice or three times for the same information . Also , a great deal of the questions on the ACSM exam can not be found in this book.I have had four personal trainers in the past , and have exercised regularly for 15 years . I can tell you that a lot of what is in this book is not used by personal trainers . There is a lot of useless information.ACSM 's Guidelines for Exercise Testing and Prescription contains the same information as this book , just in a different order and sometimes with more technical language .
 I loved this watch for the first 3 years but it started shutting off because it needed to be charged . The problem continued to get worse until it was shutting off several times a day . I sent it in to have it fixed because I liked the watch so much but I was told it would cost $ 88.00 to fix it . It was a great watch but do n't plan on it lasting more than about 3-5 years . From looking around online this is a common problem that I wish I would have known about prior to buying the watch . I would suggest one of the battery powered G-Shock watches over the solar models . Mostly I am mad at casio , $ 88.00 to fix a $ 120.00 watch kind of sucks .
 I bought this expensive solar watch on 10/03/06 . The primary reason for buying this watch is not to want to replace the battery.Well , the battery level was LOW , so I charged it to HIGH under the sun . On the next day morning , the battery level drops back to LOW again , and there are no displays at all for hours , then displays come back . This happens everyday now , so I 'm looking for purchasing of the battery , but could n't find any Sellers or battery id yet.The following reads from its manual on battery : `` Normally , the rechargeable battery should not need replacement , but after very long use over a number of years , the rechargeable battery may lose its ability to achieve a full charge . ... The rechargeable battery should be replaced with a CASIO-specified CTL1616 battery only . `` Do n't be confused with the magic word , `` SOLAR '' . You need a battery replacement down the road.I feel like this is a same kind of the regular G-shock watches -LRB- NOT solar -RRB- , but the solar watch battery seems to live a little longer .
 This watch is neat . It has all of your most used stuff , it 's sleeker than most g-shocks , and it seems like a high quality watch.It stops there . My backlight randomly stopped working one day -LRB- I never really used it much -RRB- , and would come on for literally a split second and flicker off . I assumed it was the battery . I contacted Casio since it was still covered under warranty and they told me to stick it by a window for a few days - obviously it did n't fix the problem since I spend my days outdoors in the sunlight anyway -LRB- it would always say full charge -RRB- . I contacted them again via email , but it took like 4 days for them to return the email and told me I could send it in if I paid for shipping and whatnot . I find this terrible ... I paid way too much for a cheap watch and they want me to pay ? They should really offer a RMA box with pre-paid postage since it 's a fairly large inconvenience.I do n't want to sound like one of those reviewers , but I really got burned by the company . In the future I would like to see Casio take more initiative in their customer service department , and perhaps see them go that extra mile to make sure their customers are satisfied even if their product is problematic . I was n't rough with the watch at all , did n't play sports with it , did n't go swimming with it , never showered with it ... . I could only imagine how upset I 'd be if I were one of those people that really depended on their timepiece -LRB- divers , paramedics , military ... etc -RRB- . I will like to point out that casio has made some great watches , and I do n't want this review to turn anyone off from Casio because I had a bad experience . Just make sure you can return it asap if you buy one .
 I am very disappointed in this product . The removable wheel keeps falling off . Also , when it is folded for travel , the wheels fold in which makes it very hard to manuver , since the wheels do n't roll .
 I bought these knives in order to add larger knife blades to my small , but growing arsenal of throwing knives . The previous knives i 've owned were of 440 stainless steel and all have been great . These however are not 440 and I did not know that , they appear to be 420 steel , which is a softer steel and bends incredibly easily . Within the first 10 minutes of throwing these knives all the tips bent nearly 90 degrees and i had to rebend them in place after nearly every throw . I am very dissapointed with them , they are virtualy useless as throwing knives , and I am not a bad knife thrower . I do n't even use them anymore due to the weak quality of the steel ; basically $ 17 dollars wasted . On the plus the shipping was fast , everything came new , and they gave me a free BudK magazine which was nice , but I will never order a 420 steel blade again , 440 is the best by far . It is much more durable , and it doesnt bend , it only chips , which doesnt happen often and is better than bending , because it can be sharpened out . There are better knives out there of 440 , buy them , not the 420 blades .
 These knives are extremly flimsy and catch air very easily . They are like throwing very thin butter knives a windy day ...
 Probably a great product , so if your a child , woman or man under 5 ' 7 and/or weigh less than 200lbs . . these probably work for you.I 've got quite normal legs , but for some bizarro reason , the XL size of these things is about 1.5-2 '' too small to close around my calf . Its not like I have Schwarzeneggeresque calf muscles . Seems to me OR is targeting the small folks for its products.I guess the rest of us do n't get to snowshoe . I 'd look for another make or try on a local product in person if you are over 5 ' 7 '' and/or over 200lbs . Crazy but true .
 Price brought me to this straight edge . In these uncertain times I am trying to ween myself off of the supermarkets that depend on cheep oil . Sure disposable blades are easy to get and use now , but what about in a market crash when store shelves are empty ? Well in that event , I have a nice wittling tool to wish I was shaving . Yeah , when you buy this straight edge it simply does n't shave . I have not given up hope . I am going for the strap and sharpening stone to see if I can give this an edge . As of right now it does pencils fairly good .
 this is an instrument used to shave with.one would think it will be sharp.not only is it not sharp it cant be sharppend !!! junk ...
 I had high hopes that this straight razor would put my disposable blade razor to shame . I knew it was inexpensive and assumed it would require frequent sharpening , but still , I thought about the shave you get at a barbershop . All those thoughts vanished after my first attempted use . The blade is dull and the razor is unable to remove even some of the hair . If you 're going to buy a straight razor , I 'd suggest you get something better than this one .
 This is a very neat pocket knife , shaped like a straight razor one would use to shave . It is , as such , a very poor pocket knife , and useless as a shaving razor .
 That 's about how sharp it is ... even if I sharpen it , it still wo n't shave my face . It 's just not shaped properly for straight shaves .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 These bottles are just ok . They are not worth the high price . I would NOT buy this again .
 yep , like I said above , you get what you pay for and this was like a giant stuffed animal hammock . I would not even let my kids use it . So disappointed when I opened the box . Get a woven hammock instead .
 it is slowly falling apart and unraveling , just remember that with somethings you get what you pay for and that is the case with this
 It 's noticeably `` made in China '' . The hammock is all white . The picture posted online is cropped to show the background of a yard . The photo is misleading again with the hammock looking larger than it is , but it 's true to the dimensions listed . As far as the `` display box '' , it was beat up pretty nicely , yet the outer box showed no damage . Construction of the hammock is commensurate with the cost . I 'm sure had I spent a little more on a handwoven Mexican hammock , I would be writing a much different review .
 It appears , after much correspondence , that Amazon/Fogdog had no intention of selling the advertised item -LRB- baseball glove -RRB- at the advertised price . In classic `` bait and switch '' sales tactics , they , instead , sent a pair of shoes -LRB- of some haphazardly chosen size -RRB- instead of the right hand throw baseball glove ordered.At the `` end of the day '' , they did not even offer to remedy their apparent fraud by offering to supply the ordered item , the Akadema ADB-138 baseball glove from any number of reputable vendors which carry this item.What makes this situation all the more heinous , is that if I had not happened to open the baseball glove which I ordered for my son for Christmas , but just wrapped the box it was shipped in , my son would have been more than the disappointed boy who did not get the glove he had asked for , but a pair of the wrong size shoes , for which he had no use ! The only offer from Amazon/Fogdog was that I could buy something else from them !
 Much smaller than the other pads we have in the same size . Slips and rolls a lot on the leg and does n't come clean when washed ... ca n't get the smell out ! YUCK !
 THIS IS NOT THE 810 KNEE PAD ! The Mikasa 810 knee pad was discontinued years ago !! The picture is wrong . Google it.This is the 832sr knee pad / but Amazon does n't care about falsely representing products . They will not fix the product , and do n't allow sellers to fix listing either . Do n't get me wrong , the 832 is the best and newest pad on the market .
 I was n't sure what to expect for a `` senior item , '' but the only thing I see different is that they are for a person with extra large knees . I 'm a woman , 5 ' 11 '' and these knee pads are a tad too large for my knees . I live overseas so did n't have much choice . I needed them right away so had them made smaller by a seamstress . They are fine now ... but , only get them if your knees are a bit larger than `` normal . ''
 There is nothing wrong with the quality but unless you 've worn these before I would beware . They offer minimal protection , very thin and lightweight . If that 's what you are looking for you would like them . If you want a bit more padding then you will be disappointed . The one size fits all is also a problem , it does n't . Larger men or men with large quads will find these too tight . thing is , volleyball players tend to have bigger thighs .
 I requested and paid for three day shipping . Amazon said it would be delivered on a certain day . Then when it got to the company actually sending it , it was another five days after that . You guys need to get your shipping issues together , if you offer three day then it should be three day not eight ... Dawndaylia Graves
 We purchased the t52 from Amazon on line after much research . The unit was delivered promptly , and setup was not very difficult . We ran it through its paces to make sure everything was working and upon trying the incline it immediately went up to to and never came back down.We called horizon fitness and registered the warranty on the phone as the on-line registration had not gone through . The person on the phone ran through some simple diagnostics with me over the phone and agreed to ship a new incline motor . It arrived within two days . We were also given a number for a repair service . The number was no longer in service . After two more calls we finally got a repair service who came out three weeks later -LRB- Christmas Holidays were involved -RRB- to examine the unit.The repairman detemrined that the incline motor was burned out , but that it was because of the motherboard . He ordered two new parts from Horizon . We expected them within a couple days , but they were not delivered for three weeks . When the repairman came to install the new parts only one hard been delivered , and we are now waiting on the other one.We have been able to use the treadmill though not fully functional . It is quiet and efficient , though the heart rate monitor is nowhere near accruate.The response from Horizon has been horrendous . If you get a unit with no problems I would recommend it , but if it has any problem at all be prepared for a long haul with little to no resolution .
 This shuffler did n't work from the beginning . Wo n't pull cards -LRB- tried 2 different sets of cards -RRB- into shuffler . Got the run-around from the seller and amazon . Each one said to contact the other one ... so , I lost my money and learned a lesson .
 purchased 4 casino 6-deck card shufflers and each unit had problemsunit 1 did not feed the cards on the left side . gears were slippingon the shaft.units 2 3 and 4 had to be taken apart and re-assembled correctlyin order to work properly.very poor quality ,
 When the package came in the mail I opened it to find that the card shuffler was broken . I was very disappointed with this purchase .
 the card shuffler gear is already wearing and its ruining my cards wont buy one of these again !!!
 I would have given this card shuffler a 2-star review had it not arrived broken . The right side , where you put half of the cards so the machine can grab them and shuffle them with the other half , was broken . The mechanism is pretty simple
 I just tried it to make sure it worked . We have n't used it for playing &#34; hand and foot &#34; yet .
 In order to make this work I had to rob parts from the old one . This is truly an import piece of junk and I would n't waste my money again . I 'm surprised Amazon would continue to carry such junk .
 We ordered two of these Card Shufflers ... They seem to work okay ... but not the best as cards seem to bunch up unless you lightly hold down on the top of each deck . Certainly beats hand shuffling ... but is very noisy !!!! Would not recommend them .
 I just ordered this 4 card shuffler but when I opened the package there were loose plastic pieces and a loose screw in the plastic bag it came in . This did not appear to be damage from shipping , these were internal pieces and the box and the shuffler itself was not cracked or damaged . There was no way to fix the shuffler to make it work . It was way more flimsy that I had thought it would be . I can see why several people said it did n't last long .
 I bought this shuffler and immediately returned it.It looks itentical to one that I already have and love.This one uses 4 AA size bateries , and is a piece of junk.The one that looks EXACTLY the same and uses 4 C batteries is just great.The one that I already have I picked up at an auction 3 years ago and it works.I use it 3 times a week and have only replaced the batteries twice in all that time.Look for the good one and do n't buy anything that uses AA batteries , as you 'll be dissapointed .
 Purchased a product from Hobbytron for Christmas.The product is defective . Have left 5 emails with Hobbytron and also can not reach their customer service phone . I am stuck with a defective product and can not get any help from this company
 Where do I start . Out of the box , the stock was cracked . Within two weeks of use , the bipod falls off , the light wo n't stay on , the stock is completely broke . Oh ! Did I mention the usage problems?Suppressor screws on crooked , clip notoriously loads more than one round , that is of course you hold it perfectly still and in a perfectly horizontal position -LRB- O.K. plus or minus a few degrees -RRB- . Do n't bother using the scope , since it points enough off of center that the target better be within 2 feet of the muzzle.Had bought another gun for another son who experienced the same type of shoddy workmanship and poor quality so the makers ca n't blame it on the child . I wo n't buy another thing from this store or from these makers ever!Bought this as a Christmas gift so I had it for 30 + days . No refund available . Buyers beware !
 This gun not only smelled like a piece of poop when i got it but it also performed like one !!!! The day i got it the bipod cracked -LRB- during normal use -RRB- and fell off !!! The next day -LRB- i am really into airsoft -RRB- the silencer fell off and was no longer silencing !!! 2 days later the cocking mechanism snapped and that was the end of the short life of this piece of POOP !!! I would NOT recomend this gun . The box claims that it can shoot fifty feet , i wouldnt even give it ten !?!?!?! The scope was basically a paper towel tube ! Even its Butt fell off ! This gun is the WORST gun you could ever buy ! I would recomend buying a gun from Dunhams or even Walmart !!!!!!!!!
 Gun is worthless . Broken in packaging . Ultra flimsy plastic . Bad customer service from Hobbytron . No way to get a refund . They sent a replacement of the same worthless piece of junk . DO NOT BUY .
 This is a poorly constructed gun . Bipod will not stay together . Parts easily break . Not worth the money .
 All plastic ... broke on first use . Wonder if this company exists . Ca n't get a response via email or their 800 # and I 've been trying to return this product since 12/26 !
 I had it for 1 day . I was playing with my friend in the backyard , and I set it down , and it snapped in half ! It 's a waste of money . It 's made of cheap plastic , also .
 This gun is horrible i dont reccomend that anyone buys it it broke the same day i recieved it everything broke one thing after another it is perfect if you just plan to hang it on your wall and never use it but if you plan to use it its worthless and breaks very easy do not buy it ur better buying one thats a little bit more expensive but you know will last you way longer . p.s DO NOT BUY THIS GUN IT SUCKS
 As far as isometric exercises go this DVD is very boring . The two girls standing behind the trainer are just tall skinny models who are being paid to smile . No one looks like they are working very hard . If you want a really good isometric DVD , t-tapp is far superior . I 'm only glad that I wasted $ 20 and not more .
 For what I spent I thought there would be some kind of booklet or something included . Instead all I got was a DVD in a case . LIke when you buy the cheap movies at Walmart .
 I do n't recommend this minnow bucket . Water leaks thru the styrofoam into the bucket . It then pushes the styrofoam up and pops the lid off . I returned it and the replacement did the same thing . Ended up throwing it away after chasing the lid down several times .
 i took this to europe for a few weeks , i really liked the idea of two bags zipping into one unit . over all a good bag , and i really like that the larger of the two pieces has a shoulder strap -LRB- like a suitcase -RRB- and compartment to hide the shoulder straps . the biggest problem , and reason i would not use it for backpacking again , is it is not balanced.when full and zipped into one bag , it is top-heavy , and sticks out way too far behind you . basically , it pulls you backwards , so you must lean forward a bit to feel balanced with your center of gravity . i read a review that mentioned this issue , disregarded it , and now feel it was seriously under-emphasized .
 This backpack claims to have an `` internal frame '' which is actually a flimsy plastic sheet . I barely used the backpack , but after about six months the plastic frame started crumbling . All the plastic shards ended up in a pile at the bottom of the pack . I was forced to cut open a hole in the pack in order to remove all the pieces . The plastic was so soft that it continued to crumble as I handled it . I 'd say this is pretty inexcusable.The overall design is decent and it looks good . However , I needed the frame for support , so I do n't recommend it for hiking or heavy loads .
 I bought this tent for a one week trip . My good tents were all in storage in another city . By the end of the week , one of the door zippers was completely broken -LRB- ca n't be fixed without replacement -RRB- , and that same zipper had ripped the tent fabric in more than one place.Rather than keep the tent as a spare , I threw it out after use . That ought to say it all .
 I have used the tent on two weekend camping trips . Both times it rained and the tent leaked . Out of the box , it leaked through the rainfly . This was fixed with seam sealer . The bigger issue is the leaking where the sides meet the bottom . The bottom overlaps the sides and forms a small channel which collects water and allows water to enter the tent .
 I bought three of these.The zippers are total garbage . Very very light weight heads -LRB- or whatever you call the thing you pull -RRB- . One of them broke in half even with careful use -- our entire trip , it seemed , was about the zippers on the tents -- making that tent useless . The other two tents had to have the zippers fixed over and over again -- we had to coax them back on their tracks , painstakingly and time-consumingly . Material is flimsy in the extreme -- a slight wind kept us cold all night . Rainfly is preposterously small.The clips -LRB- attaching tent to poles -RRB- are made of very cheap , very brittle plastic . They are also quite small and inefficiently designed . I broke one on the first set-up , and I was being ridiculously careful as it was already clear that the clips were fragile . Another one shattered when we struck camp.This was an easy , car-camping short trip in nice weather . The tents did n't stand up at all.It 's not a bargain if you have to throw it away . I bought mine when they cost $ 33 and change , and I would n't take one now if you paid me that much to do so . They are not worth the room they take up.It does n't deserve the one star I had to give it . Amazon
 I bought this one knowing that I should n't expect top quality from a tent this price , however after try it I 'm rather disappointed . First , the six pegs included with the tent are too weak to stand against the slightest wind and I should forage for some wood sticks to fix the tent , so you better buy a separate set of heavier pegs before leaving for your first trip . Besides , the second time I set it up the main zipper for one of the doors broke down and I had to spend the rest of the day with this door open , mend it back at home and use just one door from then on -LRB- until it fails too I guess -RRB- . Consider spending twice as much if you can and prefer to stay free from this headaches .
 because of too many missing pieces , we end up improvising ... the rod is also broken . . there 's a hole in a mesh . bought the item a month before its going to be use and that 's when i realized all these problems is during set up time . thought about returning but since its been used and putting it back together is a little tough.would never buy stuff from these company ...
 I thought I would be receiving a new tent . Nowhere in the amazon.com listing did it say that I was ordering a used tend ... What can I do to get what I really wanted ? I `` new '' ... `` unused '' tent.Guy rope is missing , inside zip is broken .
 This tent set up easily and seemed like a good deal at first but our camping night was ruined when it was windy and cold and the zippers broke after only 4 or 5 uses - so we froze ! Plus the poles broke and the stakes were cheap and bent easily ... making our tent practically blow away in the wind . Overall the materials for this tent were really cheap and I ended up throwing it away after one use . I 'd recommend spending more money for a higher quality tent , you get what you pay for I guess .
 We bought this tent because of it 's great price and size . We set it up in our living room prior to our first camping trip and all seemed great ! Our queen sized blow up fit inside and left a little room left over for misc items . Once we arrived at our campsite we began setting up our tent . All was well until on of the corner rings , that holds the support poles in place , ripped off . Ok , no big deal , we 'll figure something out . The next thing that went was the door zipper . Half the time it would close , half the time it would n't close the zipper threads together . Other times it was just plain hard to pull - hard enough that my husband even had a hard time getting it shut . The next thing to go was the zipper for the door window . I went to unzip the window and noticed that the zipper had completely pulled apart from one side rendering that zipper usless and the door window now always partially open.If these things had not happened we would have been completely happy with our purchase . However , we are now trashing the tent after one use . Spend the money and buy a quality made tent in the first place !
 i opened the box that was delivered and immediately went online to return it . it is much smaller than standard garden flags , and looks cheap .
 Husband was so excited about getting that he immediately started loading the flip side - the clips at the top broke immediately - for that part being the `` selling point '' was very disappointed in the lack of quality for the price .
 After only 3 or 4 trips on the boat , the plastic clips holding the door shut broke . In addition , a third piece of plastic broke at the bottom of the door . My husband was absolutely disgusted and so am I , especially after spending the money that I did . It has been a complete disappointment . Apparently this was not an isolated occurrence .
 Spinnerbaits and large plugs do not fit in the flip-side compartment . In fact , spinnerbaits do not fit anywhere unless you want to throw them in a big jumble in the side zippered pockets.I do like the beefy strap which makes a fully loaded box a breeze to carry . That 's the only reason I gave this box a star . In terms of versatility and ability to hold lures , it 's a terrible design.Thank goodness for return policies .
 I was excited when I found this tackle box even though I had yet to purchase any tackle . It sat in the original plastic packing on my flying bridge for several months before I aquired some tackle to store in it . To my dismay when I went to load it every zipper had corroded and broke off when I went to pull on them . Every piece of metal was rusted and corroded . The nylon was fine and the straps were OK but the pockets were unuseable because I ca n't open or close them . Plano should state on the packing or the tag that this item is not meant to be near a sea water environment . Now I am out the $ 65 I paid for it and still have to get a new tackle box .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 Overall , this is really good handlebar tape , but it 's getting 2 stars because it 's not exactly as advertised ... The main problem I had with this is it was not what I ordered , specifically the color . On the order page , I chose `` black '' as the color , expecting it to look like in the picture . What they sent me was `` soft black with white logo . '' The tape is black with the `` Fizik '' logo printed in white all long the edges of the sides , which I think looks really tacky . I did n't bother returning it because it functions well enough and I really needed the tape due to me having already taken off the old foam I had on my handlebars . But if I order black on the product page and get sent soft touch with fizik logo then I 'm not going to be happy . It looks stupid .
 The tape looks great , but if you 've had it on for any considerable amount of time and want to replace it , plan on spending 3 or 4 hours removing it . The adhesive causes the small amount of padding to separate from the tape , sticking to your bars . The gooey residue resists solvents . To avoid scratching your bars you will not use a file , but will use your fingernails for a good hour-and-a-half . That 's the left side . Another hour-and-a-half on the right side . Then you 'll spend another hour -LRB- or perhaps days -RRB- returning the new tape and exchanging it for a different brand because you will never want to go through that again .
 This is Fizik Microtex tape we 're talking about , right?Well , I must be doing something wrong , because wrapping with this stuff was the most miserable experience of my biking life . The adhesive backing took me , literally , ten minutes to get off the shifter bits - and then they immediately fell off the brand new shifters and had to be held in place with electrical tape anyway . Then the main tape , again over five minutes to get the backing started without tearing the whole adhesive strip off . AND , as a bonus surprise , the damned backing is cut every four inches so you get to try to start it all over again!Then , the tape has almost no stretch to it , so it 's very hard to get a good clean wrap - the edges bunch and wrinkle . Working around the hoods was much more difficult than with other tapes . In fact , I 've used all kinds of other tape , and while I do n't claim to be a wrapping expert , I can typically get a wrap job looking neat and tidy and well spaced in about twenty minutes . I struggled for over an hour with this stuff to get a crappy job that I only hope makes it through the weekend until my Deda tape comes in the mail.I do n't understand how my experience can be so much worse than the majority , but have to throw it out there for what it 's worth . Absolutely every element of this tape sucked on install , except the finishing tape which was actually quite nice .
 Unless you like advertising for fizik 100 times on your bar , this bar tape is not for you . The pictures fail to convey that the tape has fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik fizik written all along the sides . Ugh .
 This is the one of the poorest excuses for bar tape I may have ever used.When you do get it to lay flat it looks nice . But dealing with backing tape that wo n't pull off cleanly , tape that is REAL work to wrap so it lays flat . Bare minimum length ; just enough to get the bar covered . No stretch whatsoever . Installing it over their own gel ? Adds considerable frustration and difficulty.Surface is a little smooth and in the rain ... be careful.So inferior to so many other tapes . Can not believe it 's a product from this company . If they 're trying to make a tape that 's cheaper than real leather , they missed.I 'll rate an excellent product and provide positive feedback when it 's called for . Middle of the road - maybe , maybe not . But when something is so poor and so inferior I ca n't hold in .
 I 've been installing bar tape for over 25 years and I 've never had the tape tear before . This tape -LRB- Fizik -RRB- tears very easily . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this tape for my wife 's bike yesterday because she liked the yellow color . I very nearly bought some for myself because of the more durable ` vinyl ' feel to it . The bar tape ripped along the edges in countless spots . I was discouraged that I had just wasted 18 dollars on a product that was crap , but finished the job so my wife could still use her bike in the meantime . I am a discerning cyclist , and admittedly picky about how my bike looks and feels . I think the Fizik Microtex tape is downright acceptable . It might work for a straight bar , but not for drop bars with curves .
 I thought this would be the ideal light weight chair for reading at the beach but I was wrong . You have to keep the straps pretty short in order to sit up but then you find you kind of are folded up in this thing leaning back at an odd angle . It sort of looks like your a child whose fallen into a potty . Loosen the straps though and you find you really are n't sitting up . The whole thing also wraps around you because there 's no bracing so it digs into your thighs and back . This is not ideal for sitting and reading at the beach . I 'm really disappointed . This is not a good chair for reading at the beach .
 THIS IS NOTHING BUT AN EXTREMELY CRAPPY PIECE OF USELESS PLASTIC . IT LITERALLY FALLS APART WITH ANY WEIGHT IN IT AT ALL.I 'M REALLY SORRY I WASTED THE EXORBITANT AMOUNT I PAID FOR IT.GIVE ME THE 1957 CHEVY 'S ANYDAY . BYE BYE QUALITY ! I DO N'T RECALL THE LAST TIME I RECIEVED ANYTHING I DID N'T HAVE TO WORK ON RIGHT AFTER I BOUGHT IT TO MAKE IT WORK CORRECTLY.THIS BOX IS NOTHING BUT TOTAL CRAP !!!!!
 I am a pro fighter and recently bought a set of Everlast headgear from Karate Depot that were supposed to be leather . Upon receiving them I knew they were not , however it was good pleather so it was hard for me to be absolutely sure . I contacted the manufacturer and they confirmed my suspicions . I recommend for all who read this beware of this company due to questionable business practices . It then took them about a week and only by email respond to the problem.Jared `` Honey '' Combs
 I bought this box to replace an aged tackle box but found it cheaply made and awkward to use . Maybe OK for hobby stuff but it wont hold up for serious fishing latches are cheap and always popping open
 I got this gun for a bargin of 2.00 at a flea market -LRB- new -RRB- and when i got home ... heres the list of reviews : * bad accuracy * lazer flickers if you tighten the holder * no safety -LRB- kids , you WILL shoot your eye out ! -RRB- * fps is below 100 -LRB- you can see the bullet fly -RRB- * gun is small * cheap plastic * the mag holds about 10 rounds * and lastly it has no meaning of hurt to it !
 Burst the second day . Dont buy it . I would have rated it NO STARS but it wouldnt let me
 I got maybe ten hours worth of striking out of this bag before it apparently popped and wo n't hold air anymore . Definitely not deserving of the Everlast name . Cheap . Do n't buy .
 After a year this coffe pot leaks around the bottom seam . Made in China !!
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 If you are a true fisherman you value the time on the lake and good tackle box is absolutely key to whole experience . This tackle box is going to provide years of frustration . Not one single compartment on the entire tackle box will hold the fishing lure , hooks , or weights in place . If you really enjoy having to reorganize your entire tackle box everytime you get to the dock or on the boat this tackle box is for you.If on the other hand you want a tackle box that keeps items organized and in their compartments this tackle box is NOT for you . I contacted Plano directly and got the blow off from customer service and even the head of Product Management for this model . Do n't waste your time with this tackle box . unless you plan on keeping 1 inch nuts and bolts in it , those might actually stay in their compartment ...
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 I took this gun to a local air soft store and it chronoed at 80 fps with .2 s . This gun is good for nothing in an actual game and the accuracy is Horrible . It will shoot straight one shot then shoot way off to the right or left next shot . It would acutely be funny if I did n't pay money for this . Either my gun is defective or this is probably the worst air soft gun you can buy .
 This is a product that offers great value for money , however , it took a long time to arrive , it was well packaged and well built . The only problem is that it is not very comfortable to work out on . It does not cushion your feet like a professional beam . The positive aspect is that it is 1/3 of the price of the professional beam . In retrospect , I would not purchase this item again , I would go with the professional beam
 Do n't be fooled by the `` 2 - '' in front of the 3715 model number , YOU ARE NOT GETTING TWO BOXES , even though the PRICE IS DOUBLE what these boxes cost at every other retailer . Amazon has clearly made a clerical error somewhere and is vastly overcharging for this item . These boxes should cost between $ 4.30 and $ 4.80 each and you can easily find them for that price elsewhere online . Unless you are buying just one box and a bunch of other stuff so you get the free shipping do n't buy this box from Amazon until the price is adjusted.Full disclosure
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 I bought a 65cm Sport Soft Edition FitBall directly from BallDynamics to be used as a birthing ball during the delivery of our son . The hospital ended up having balls there so we did n't need to use ours for that purpose . However , after arriving , our son liked to be held while gently bouncing on the ball . This became a daily routine for us to help him fall asleep and has worked well for the last 3 months.That is until the ball popped ! It was used on in a carpeted room for bouncing with a baby . Nothing strenuous in any way , but one day I sat down on it and it just deflated . -LRB- I 'm 6ft , 185lbs - no where near the 1,250 lbs capacity they claim on the ball . -RRB- There was a small tear on the side of it where it had burst and all the air rushed out . No hope for repair , especially since the tear spread once I picked the ball up to look at it.I tried to return the ball to BallDynamics but their customer service agent told me that they only had a 30 day return policy . She informed me they * MIGHT * exchange it for me , but I would have to pay up front for a new one and they would refund my money for the first ball * IF * they got it back and decided they wanted to . She had a tone in her voice that I was NOT getting a refund for the first ball , so I declined.I explained to her that I paid more to get the ball from them because of their claims for `` Burst Resistant Quality '' and that I could get a cheaper ball at the local fitness store or off Amazon , but that did n't change her stance any.I 'll find another brand and use that from now on . BallDynamics wo n't be getting any more of my money .
 I bought a 65 cm ball and a 75 cm ball . The 65 cm lost its sick sweet industrial plastic smell very quickly . The 75 cm ball gives no evidence of ever losing its smell , even though I left it outside in the sun and weather for a while . I guess it will be an outside play ball for the kids , as long as it lasts.If you do n't mind one more chemical odor in your life , then read the other reviews and decide .
 I thought I would receive a Gymnic ball but another product was sent . I am very familiar with Gymnic and was disappointed with the less durable product received . It does not hold its shape like Gymnic ; flattens while in use . I really miss the stability found in the Gymnic brand . CAUTION
 Do n't let the 350lb rating fool you -- > the center folding brackets bent -LRB- soft steel -RRB- over my first weeks use and I only weight 230lbs . Discovered the issue upon trying to fold it back into its carry sack otherwise worked well but I 'm going to look for a better cot & manufacturer since Tex Sport wo n't stand behind their product but Amazon is great for resolving my issue !
 Poor build quality , very flimsy . One of the rods broke during shipping .
 Do not buy this thinking that you can cook directly on its surface -LRB- as in the product description it says you can -RRB- unless you like to eat paint . The grill is painted black and within minutes of placing a fire under it the paint starts to burn -LRB- and smell -RRB- before turning into a white powder . So maybe after extended use and having burned all of the paint off you can eventually use this as a grill , but for now I use it as a support for heating water or cooking in a pan . But since I bought it to use as a grill and to cook food directly on its surface -LRB- like the product description says you can -RRB- its not what I thought I was buying . Because of the false advertisement I give it 1 star . If I was buying a support to heat water and cook in pots and pans I would give it 4 stars -LRB- deducting 1 star for the smoke and smell you have to tolerate while the paint burns off -RRB- .
 The first time i used this the black coating started to melt off the grill . I put foil over it to make sure non of the paint got in the food . I returned the grill no issue . The product is good in theory and solid . Would have been better if it were just steel .
 Pretty disappointed , bought it to grill steaks , but it 's not a grill -LRB- despite the name -RRB- . When we had it over the fire , the black paint on the grate started to peel off , leaving black paint flecks on my nice steaks . Definitely not something I wanted to be eating . Nowhere in the description does it say that you can not cook food directly on top of the grate , and that was the entire reason I purchased it.Additionally , after 1 use , the grate started to sag in the middle from the heat of the fire . Was n't terrible , but definitely made me wonder how this will hold up after several sessions .
 This rack is very well designed and solidly built , but unfortunately it was designed some 20 years ago when all skis were straight and narrow , and has never been changed . The widest ski which would fit into this rack must be under 70 mm at the tip . My narrowest downhill skis are wider than that , and I am not even talking about all-terrain or powder skis . A wider pair of skis would rest on the bent tip of the hooks , which may over the time damage the skis . One could perhaps use this rack for cross-country skis , but forget about it if you need a solution for downhill.I bought it and had to return it cause it is useless .
 I cancelled this item because I ordered it on Jan. 18 and would not have received it until on or after Feb. 18 -- which I did n't realize until almost 2 weeks of waiting . I am not willing to wait that long for something that should take no more than 2 weeks to process . It 's like it was coming from the Himalayas on the back of some beast !
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 I 've noticed recently , since having purchased this sword on Amazon , that many sell-from-home sites offer this sword -LRB- for generally the same price -RRB- , but I wish I had paid more attention before buying it . The biggest difference is that on their sites , at least , you get an up close view of the sword and just how big and gaudy it is . A classic scimitar or shamshir is balanced and quite a bit smaller than this . You 'd think that the sword maker could have save money on using less material to create the sword and focused more on balance and quality for the same value.If you are nearly 7 ' tall and built like a brick house , then this sword might be just about the right proportion to you . If not , then do n't waste your time . It 's made of cheap Pakistani steel -LRB- at least the sword is made in nearly an authenticated place -RRB- , and resembles those poorly made `` Claymore '' or Viking Swords you see at re-enactment festivals . One ding from a butter knife , let alone a carbon bladed sword , would have this blade ripped and barbed . Nice wall ornament , but I was looking for practical use in training . At least I wo n't have to spend anything extra on dumbbells .
 I ordered this for training and pumpkin smashing and it worked quite well for about the first twenty minutes , then the blade started bend inside the hilt . As it turns out , the handle is just screwed on and the blade turns into a really cheep steel rod that is easily bent and broken . Also , the screw can be stripped super easily . This is great to hang as an ornament but I would not recommend for any real fun stuff unless you do n't care if it breaks .
 I have been looking for a new glove for a while . When i got it out of the package it looked like a good but when i tried it on and played one round with it it cut up my ring finger and pinky . i would never get this glove again .
 The part looked like it was the right part but after trying to install my rack . I noticed the part was not right.Looks like it did not fit my car correctly . I am in the process of returning the product .
 I have had this watch for about a year and it has taken a beating and kept going . It had a lot of nice features . The bad part is that the watchband is very non-standard and I can not get a replacement even from Casio . But for 15 bucks , which is what I paid for it , I can not complain too much . My advice is to either buy a Casio watch with a standard band , which is what I replaced this one with , or if you love it just buy a new one , even if you could find the band it is probably the same price as the watch anyway .
 I have purchased two of these watches ... and am very careful in minimally bending the band when I put it on or take it off . Still , after about a year and a half the bands have BOTH broken . Well , the watch price was low . However , I 'm very happy with the watch ... but the band is c-r-a-p . Read on for details about the band.I phoned Casio customer service today -LRB- 8/2011 -RRB- and requested replacement bands since there clearly is a design problem with the `` resin '' band material cracking two notches toward the watch from where the post enters the band hole . What did they tell me?Casio customer service told me `` The band is n't covered by the warranty . '' Yet , it 's the part that commonly fails first -LRB- my experience and according to many online reviews -RRB- . Casio should either replace the bands under warranty or fix the material out of which it is made so that it does n't crack even with careful use.Casio offered a replacement band for $ 6 + shipping ... shipping is something like $ 8 FedEx or $ 2.75 US Postal Service . You got ta think that in 100,000 quantity this band costs Casio 10 cents to manufacture ... but they want $ 6 + shipping when it fails far sooner than it should -LRB- well before the watch itself typically fails -RRB- . I complained and eventually Casio `` graciously '' offered 15 % off of the $ 6.00 price of the band ... -LRB- that is 90 cents -RRB- . So that means that a `` 10 cent '' band would cost me $ 5.10 + $ 2.75 shipping = $ 7.85 which is approximately half the cost of a new watch . What a rip-off on the band price . Still , since I have two of the watches and they only charge $ 2.75 shipping even if I order two bands , I was all set to order two bands + shipping = $ 12.95 . But I changed my mind when I was told the bands were back-ordered and it would be 3 ~ 4 weeks before they are available . With the premature/common breakage I read about online + my experience , I 'd think Casio would produce these replacement bands in large quantities and there would be no back-orders . My recommendation is to buy this watch ONLY if you 're willing to throw it away when the band breaks -LRB- 1 year ~ 1.5 years ... even when careful with the band -RRB- -- or if you 're willing to be price-gouged to get a replacement band -LRB- which by the way appears to be a unique attachment design ~ could that be intentional on Casio 's part ? -RRB- .
 There are 3-4 variations on the W96H design . Great looking watch with all the functions I wanted . But the deal killer is the watch band . It is held in by screws and can not be replaced by a generic watch band . You have to buy genuine Casio and it was $ 15 at eBay . So more cost effective to get a new W96H type watch . My watch band failed after 10 months while most Casios I have owned take 2-3 years for that to breakSo on to a new model . Just bought the W-800H-1AV which also has a 10 year battery but will take a generic replacement watch band so that when it fails I 'll get a Velcro wrap around for it.First digital I ever bought was Casio 25 years ago.Then eight years ago I tried Timex Iron man and Expedition . I use diff functions a lot and doing this runs down the batteries quickly on these . Plus illumination takes too much juice . So now it is back to Casio and 10 year batteries . Just have to buy the right one
 I have used two of this watch , and for both the band broke in about 1 year .
 I like the Casio watches , but the bands on a lot of their watches are not long enough for me . This is not just a Casio issue . I normally purchase the 3240 w-800h because the band will fit my wrist . I tried this one just to have a different watch this time , but like I said the band was to short . Had to ship it back to Amazon.I can not say enough about the good services from Amazon .
 I have a large wrist . This watch does not allow for a larger replacement band . I have contacted Casio and was told that one size fits all . I will have to give it to someone else . I liked the watch for the large display so I can read it without glasses . DO N'T BUY UNTIL YOU TRY !
 I have been very fond of Casio digital watches since I purchased my first one as a gift for myself way back in 1979 when I was in high school . For the most part , they have been sturdy reliable timepieces.I purchased this watch as I was taken with the full featured display . Even when setting the time or using the stopwatch , the current time was displayed in the lower corner.Now the reason for the two stars ; the watch is NOT waterproof ! I did some simple chores like washing the car , cleaning the pool and suddenly , the display fogged up and the digits went away . The alarm still worked albeit a little bit wet sounding . The display looked like it was full of the letter 'S ' . I only had the watch for a couple of months before failure.I took a look at the back of the case looking for a reason for the leak and found the reason why the watch failed ; it was made in China . This is the third item from China that has failed me . The first one was a bathroom cabinet that stunk of formaldehyde , the second was an office chair that also smelled to high heaven and finally this watch . I am very disappointed in Casio for not using the high quality control that they are known for . I am now looking for another work watch and seriously doubt cheap Casio watches will be on the list.Caveat Emptor -- > Buyer beware
 Please help me this item never recived , what hapen with importing company ; I need another company for importing my orders to M&eacute;xico , please help me to found this new company , I don not want to work more with the current company , because I have had many losses with them , tell me the steps that I needs to follow for found a new importing company , thanks .
 The girth was actually shorter than my current 52 inch and the picture of the girth did not match perfectly what I received . There are two metal parts that the elastic is hooked on that I feel could possibly put pressure on my horses side . I would not have purchased this girth if I had seen the metal parts .
 The girth was actually shorter than my current 52 inch and the picture of the girth did not match perfectly what I received . There are two metal parts that the elastic is hooked on that I feel could possibly put pressure on my horses side . I would not have purchased this girth if I had seen the metal parts .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 I cancelled this item because I ordered it on Jan. 18 and would not have received it until on or after Feb. 18 -- which I did n't realize until almost 2 weeks of waiting . I am not willing to wait that long for something that should take no more than 2 weeks to process . It 's like it was coming from the Himalayas on the back of some beast !
 The girth was actually shorter than my current 52 inch and the picture of the girth did not match perfectly what I received . There are two metal parts that the elastic is hooked on that I feel could possibly put pressure on my horses side . I would not have purchased this girth if I had seen the metal parts .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 if you get this gun do not cock the gun really fast , mine broke within the first 3 days.The accuracy is bad , even in the lowest wind the BB 's drift up . If you are into having wars i would not recommend this gun.The good thing is for a small gun it hold 15 BB 's and is very small so you can hide it in your pocket . Tere is also no way to take the gun apart , if it gets jammed you can only take of the top witch does not do you any good .
 Very cheap plastic junk , do n't waste your money , was totally disappointed , should have cost $ 2.00 , never buy again , what a waste !!
 First of all dont by this alone ok so im at walmart going there to get more bb 's and i found a 10,000 pack of .12 bb 's and it literially came with this gun and 10,000 bb 's for 10 dollars so go to walmart and get the gun wit the bb 's their might not be any left because i kno i bought every one their haha but just dont 15 for this 5 $ gun
 With all the positive reviews this gun gets , I 'm not sure if I just happened to get a lemon , or what . The problem I encountered was with both magazines . Every time I tried to load the gun , after the fourth or fifth one , the pellets just sprayed everywhere . Cheap spring ? Some other fault in the design ? I really ca n't say , being new to airsoft . My advice would be to purchase this gun in person so that if it has the same problems mine had , you do n't need to go through all the hassle of shipping it back or dealing with a warranty department somewhere in East Asia .
 I have the same problem as a previous reviewer . Pellets are spraying everywhere and if I do manage to get pellets in the magazine , one cock unloads all the pellets into the chamber at once . This pellet gun is a piece of junk . Unless you like wasting your time and money , do n't buy from this company . As , I 'm not the only person writing about this issue , you can imagine thousands of others have encountered the problem and Soft Air USA just does n't care . This pellet gun is fit for the trash . Thankfully , I purchased this crap in-store and can get a refund tomorrow .
 DO N'T LET THE WAY IT LOOKS FOOL YOU . It 's all cheap plastic and so weak it ca n't even go thru thin cardboard . It is super inaccurate -LRB- sometimes I would miss a can from 6 feet away with it -RRB- . After about 50 shots with it -LRB- 15 minutes -RRB- it just started shooting out the insides of the gun . DO NOT BUY THIS GUN YOU 'D DO BETTER OFF JUST THROWING THE BBS .
 The girth was actually shorter than my current 52 inch and the picture of the girth did not match perfectly what I received . There are two metal parts that the elastic is hooked on that I feel could possibly put pressure on my horses side . I would not have purchased this girth if I had seen the metal parts .
 The girth was actually shorter than my current 52 inch and the picture of the girth did not match perfectly what I received . There are two metal parts that the elastic is hooked on that I feel could possibly put pressure on my horses side . I would not have purchased this girth if I had seen the metal parts .
 For all the people starting to feed birds , avoid this feeder . Why , this feeder has to many disadvantages . The problems I encountered with this feeder were , It 's too hard to clean , it 's not even squirrel proof , it discoureges cardinals , does n't look nice , paint chips , ca n't acessorize it , and the seed ports are too small . Now I replaced this feeder with a Wild birds unlimited tube feeder and it 's a lot beeter and looks great . Cardinals come to my new feeder a lot more and I get more birds unlike this peice of junk . I can clean it with ease and I can attach a tray to keep the ground cleaner . So if you want a tube feeder that will last many years , get a wild birds unlimited tube feeder or a droll yankees . -LRB- Wild birds unlimited carries that too -RRB- . The feeders I reccomended might be a few more dollars than this bad feeder but it 's worth it ! To squirrel proof your feeder , use a baffle or safflower seed .
 The girth was actually shorter than my current 52 inch and the picture of the girth did not match perfectly what I received . There are two metal parts that the elastic is hooked on that I feel could possibly put pressure on my horses side . I would not have purchased this girth if I had seen the metal parts .
 This is a liquid not a gel . My mistake for ordering it without carefully reading it , but frankly I read the description a few times and it simply did not describe the product that well . It requires a blanket or other covering after application to work . It does not have the same hot/cold feel of the gel . I could not tell it was working when I tried it on me . Used it on my horses but went back to the gel as it did not appear to help them .
 This product was not strong enough for my skin or muscles . We used to use a horse liniment on the ranch in South Dakota that was very strong . This brand is n't hot or soothing enough for me to continue to use it . It does smell good but Vicks vaporub is much more hotter and stays longer than this product . I 'm sorry but I ca n't give a more positive review .
 I got this on the advice of a friend . It was supposed to work wonders for arthritis . It did n't work for me .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 The two bars cracked after my first day of using them for stradle press pikes , hollow push ups , and hand stands . I do n't know if it is just this pair however the product cracked the first day of use .
 I thought this thing would be the size of a compass that most people would carry but it was huge . I am sure I can fit at least 3 compasses in this thing . I work in the woods alot and it is built pretty light duty . I would return it if it didnt take more to send it back than it cost in the first place .
 I cancelled this item because I ordered it on Jan. 18 and would not have received it until on or after Feb. 18 -- which I did n't realize until almost 2 weeks of waiting . I am not willing to wait that long for something that should take no more than 2 weeks to process . It 's like it was coming from the Himalayas on the back of some beast !
 Product was shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition.I am very capable when it comes to working on firearms . I was trying to gently thread this sight into my shotgun barrel and it stripped very easily.The metal they use in this product is very soft . In my opinion this product is junk ! Do not waste your money or time with this product . I also bought sights from TruGlo . The TruGlo sights are made out of high quality material and went on perfectly . If you are going to buy these type of sights stay away from HiViz and buy Truglo . You will be happy you did .
 I bought this for my mossberg 500 cruiser after I 'd added all kinds of stuff to it , figured `` why not upgrade the front sight also ? '' Well , you get what you pay for . . or less , I do n't feel this sight is even worth $ 8 . It 's a nice idea , it comes with several threads to fit several shotguns , but on my Mossberg 500 cruiser it did n't work . The sight itself is poorly machined and the plastic hiviz was not smooth , it almost looked melted to some degree.I tightened the 500 thread to the sight to the best of my ability with a needle nose plier trying not to damage the threads , then I tried to put it on the gun . Once it was tightened as tight as it could go , the sight was crooked , facing 8 o clock rather than 6 o clock . I 'm going to try to get some blue lock-tite and see if I can get it to be perfect but I 'm surprised they did n't send a tiny bit with the sight and make it an even $ 10 to ensure a perfect fit.I bought it and by the time I realized I did n't want it , I 'm outside the limits of the return period . No , I 'm not bashing the product because I ca n't return it . 2/5 * , and if some blue lock-tite can fix my problem and the sight holds true I 'll change my review . Thanks for reading , and happy shooting .
 i bought this sight for my remington 870 and i had to have a gun smith install it since Remington bead sights are press fitted then i took my shotgun for 5 tests 100 rounds each time . the sight placement makes my shots way to high and i end up putting my cheek way low on the stock in order to get a accurate level shot . if you are wanting this sight for a Remington 870 just consider my mistakes before purchase
 Broke in about 10 mins after I installed it . Plastic is really weak and broke inserting the shotgun in a case .
 the small parts were terrible to work with and would not thread into the sight hole . I ended up just throwing it out
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 I did not receive the dart board which was to be a birthday gift . I was n't even notified . Tried to track it myself and then called , only to be told it was undeliverable . WHAT !
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 The item is described as fitting a shoe size 9.5 - 11 U.S. Mens . However my foot is a size 9 , and I tried to get this overshoe to stretch over my size 9 tennis shoe and it would not stretch far enough .
 This `` call '' is a toy . It does n't even make my dogs perk up their ears , that 's if I can make it work . I have to be about 5 feet away before it will receive the signal . i tried installing fresh batteries , thinking that was the problem , but had the same results . It is fine for a childs toy , but not as a predator call .
 The belt on this item is small compared to others I have used and the clips are hard to fasten and cheap . You constantly have to re-adjust it as it always loosens up after a few days . The pouch itself is just fine , it 's the belt and clip that make it a piece of junk . Look for another brand !
 This item is very small . Not large enough for what I intended to use it for . It 's dimensions are misleading .
 I purchased this for my daily use , since I need a place to put my keys -LRB- a big bunch -RRB- and my wallet.The layout is good - a front pocket and a main pocket , however , I hope it will have one more small pocket on the back . The size is a little large for everyday carry on.The main complaint is that the quality is not good . The binder ring for the belt became so loose after few days and the belt would dangle around your waist easily . I will return this to Amazon for sure.I had a eagle creek waist pack and it lasted for three years - much better quality control .
 `` Mirror Polished '' blade is in fact an unattractive matte finish . `` Shimmering Array of Wonderful Detailed Designs '' are cheap plastic inserts with adhesive backing . `` Jeweled Pommel '' is also cheap plastic inserts . I find the bare breasted woman on the hilt offensive and make the piece unacceptable to be displayed where children may view it .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 This is a case with wonderful storage capacity , but poor craftsmanship.I purchased this case back in 99 or so , I loaded it to the gills . Cleaners and patches in the bottom along with a cleaning rod case -LRB- breakdown style -RRB- with all my other cleaning parts . Meanwhile a host of spare parts , and other things went into the top.Within 6 months one of the cheap plastic latches broke . Fortunately none of the other hardware did . However , the cheap plastic that the bottom and top of the case are made of doesnt hold its shape well . The weight of the contents of the case have resulted in bowing of the case in the middle.I can not recommend this product for heavy duty usage . I filled it to the brim and expected it to take it . But if you need something for leisure duty , it will work . If you want a workhorse , keep looking.I gave it 2 stars for the organizational abilities of the top/lid And you can order a mating tray for cleaning -LRB- the red item people are whining about because they didnt realize it wasnt the lower case -RRB- , which is very useful .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 This product was a real disappointment . Upon arrival , there was nothing particularly 3D about it , only a black line on one side of the socks . Then we found that the sox logo was just an ordinary decal which started pealing off with the second washing . When I called the seller 's customer service number , all I go was a machine . My request for a return call was never answered .
 The two bars cracked after my first day of using them for stradle press pikes , hollow push ups , and hand stands . I do n't know if it is just this pair however the product cracked the first day of use .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 I received this sleeping bag and was very disapointed . When I think of a sleeping bag I think of something that has some padding . This sleeping bag has none . It is basically a fleece zippered blanket . It would be great on top of a padded sleeping surface but by itself it will provide no comfort . I am returning it .
 Was not happy with this product and neither was my grandson whom I bought it for .
 The compression shorts I bought from Safe-T-Gard were the least expensive ones available , but that price comes with a catch , actually 2 catches . The first one is that although they fit right in every other way , these shorts are uni-sex styling , a fact omitted in the product description but clearly displayed on the package . Now they may fit right for females , but there 's just no room for my junk in these drawers . That leads to the second catch , that although I wrote the seller an e-mail asking to rectify the situation , I received no reply.All told , I 'd have to say
 Wanted some compression shorts to wear while bicycle riding and for general purposes . Was torn between these and UnderArmour . Unfortunately , in this case , the lower price equals lower quality . I know others gave these high marks . I ca n't . The fabric is lightweight and provides very little compression . I ordered the same item in black and blue . Oddly , the black pair was made out of an even lighter grade fabric than the blue pair . Odd , and certainly a red flag.There are not worth the price . You will probably be disappointed and do what I did and toss them in the drawer and never wear them . For compression shorts , I suggest spending the extra money and getting something of a heavy grade that will actually compress .
 These shorts start off with their advertising all over the waist band , which is not in the advertised picture - not appreciated . Then they are very difficult to put on , compared with the slightly more expensive Asics . Then they have no crotch support , unlike Asics , and a similar observation to another bad review here . I thought this kind of item was pretty similar across the manufacturer board . Wrong . The same could be said for the sleeveless exercise shirts . Performance there varies tremendously - Champion , Reebok , Acics , etc. . Only recommendation is try one , if good , get more , else try another brand . Personally I found Asics to be the best across the board for this kind of exercise wear .
 Bought two pairs of these and am very disappointed with them . While they did perform their intended function for me of preventing chafing in the thighs , the waist band is so stiff and iritating as to render them unwearable . I had a pait of underarmor shorts that not only performed but were also extremely comfortable . I will not be purchasing anything by this manufacturer again and will instead spend the money to get a quality product .
 Ordered these on 4/22/08 and they have holes in each side of the crotch stichings as of 7/20/08 . I am not a huge runner either , maybe 5 miles a week at max . I bought a pair if Nike compression shorts and they lasted like a year , and I was running a lot more with the Nike shorts ... These are pure garbage .
 They must have really short models in their photo . I just received the pair -LRB- womens , black -RRB- which I ordered . I wanted knee length , as is shown in the photos . These shorts are about 4 '' too short . The material feels nice , but there is little compression . The sizes run large . I ordered my normal size . I should have ordered 1 or 2 sizes smaller . I ended up buying under armour capri length - as they are longer and have more compression .
 This compression short did not fit good at all i will not be ordering anything from this company anymore
 These shorts worked okay for what I bought them for ; however , the seams are large and uncomfortable . I wore them inside out and they were fine . That 's what I get for being cheap .
 These shifters are great when they work , but my rear shifter stopped indexing after only 3 years of fairly light use . They still shift in friction mode , but for the price they should last a lot longer than they did . I have thumb shifters from a 1987 mountain bike that still work great so I do n't understand why these are not just as durable . I will try Microshift 's bar end shifters next time .
 I have these on my Surly LHT . When in for new cables , the tech told me that a washer -LRB- probably cost $ 1.50 -RRB- was broken and I had to replace BOTH shifters as they are NOT sold separately and NO replacement parts are sold by Shimano . He also had the gaul to charge me $ 127.00 when everyone else sells them for under $ 100 . I am fed up with Shimano and their uncaring attitude and poor quality control . A few years ago I was getting off from a stoplight and my Shimano front crank arm broke off completely ! Never had that happen before and my bike shop never had either . Next time I get SRAM all the way .
 Feels very small and the straps come together at an angel the rubs your cheeks wrong . I loved the simple black this came in , but I 'm going to have to actually go shopping before I buy another helmet .
 I thought the blue would be more sapphire , a deeper blue but it is definitely more of a baby blue . I could live with that but the front side strap sat too forward . It hit around my temples verses being near my ears . I could n't live with that . I could have attempted some adjustments but I returned the item before messing with it .
 The helmet is very basic . One size fits all.I returned this helmet because the straps onthe side and the side buckle make the straps bendsideways and rub your cheek . This is uncomfortableand other helmets do n't do this ... My old Bell wasgreat , so why did they change it to a bad design ?
 I cancelled this item because I ordered it on Jan. 18 and would not have received it until on or after Feb. 18 -- which I did n't realize until almost 2 weeks of waiting . I am not willing to wait that long for something that should take no more than 2 weeks to process . It 's like it was coming from the Himalayas on the back of some beast !
 Nobody will order this because there is no indication of how many tennis balls are included .
 For fifty dollars , you 'd expected a product more stout and substantial . Six thin , small diameter poles approximately 1/2 inch in diameter , which replaced much heavier 3/4 inch poles I had acquired years ago for less than one half the price . True , these appear to be galvanized and should resist rust , but time will tell.These poles are a deal at $ 20 bucks ; highway robbery at $ 50 ... john
 Within hours of ordering this item , my son learned from others that it had a history of complaints . I preferred to be optimistic ; however , it did n't take too many days before my son was gluing it back together .
 I 've seen a lot of plastic airsoft guns that are good enough for playing out in the woods with friends and that will stand up to a few drops.This is not one of those guns . Usually I will buy the cheaper pistols , and spend extra dough on rifles . I found this gun at an excellent deal and decided to give it a shot . It was cheap , so I did n't care so much . I 'm not sure if this is the type of quality that consumers expect on a cheap airsoft rifle $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , the shoddy build quality was a little surprising , even for this price . I 'm by no means an expert `` airsofter '' but I know crap when I see it.However , if you want to buy something that looks pretty so you can display it , and that 's all it will be for , then go for it . It certainly looks nice . If you want to buy a gun that will hold up when playing around with friends , then look elsewhere .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 Julbo makes some great products , some of which I also own , but the Nomad is n't one of them . In this case , Julbo 's engineers designed sunglasses which actually scratch themselves , a flaw which is utterly inexcusable.When the temples are folded inward , as we always do when we put them in the case or our pockets , the temple tips make contact with the inside of the lenses , and as they move slightly up and down , you soon have a line of vertical scratches on the inside of both lenses.This design flaw aside , the Zebra lens is probably the most scratch prone lens that I have ever used.A terrible product !
 The product is based on pump pistons -LRB- if that 's what they are called ... -RRB- , and the problem is that you really ca n't go very fast , they just do n't `` bounce '' back fast enough . Also , the length of stride is very short . I returned this product .
 WHEN I RECEIVED THE BALL , IT WAS DEFECTIVE . IT WAS NOT ROUND AT ALL ... IT WAS COMPLETELY LOPSIDED AND MORE OVAL THAN ROUND . THEN AFTER A FEW WEEKS ... IT BURST !!!! THERE WAS NOTHING SHARP ANYWHERE NEAR THE BALL . I WAS NOT BOUNCING OR EXCERCISNG ON THE BALL , SIMPLY SITTING ON TOP OF IT . AND I AM CERTAINLY NOT TOO HEAVY FOR THE BALL . YET ` DEALS IN MOTION ' REFUSED TO REPLACE THE BROKEN BALL !! THE ITEM WAS VERY POORLY MADE , CHEAP , USELESS AND BROKE WITHIN WEEKS OF PURCHASE . I DID NOT OVERUSE THE BALL , INFACT I ONLY BOUGHT IT FOR SITTING ON !!! I RECOMMEND YOU PURCHASE FROM A DIFFERENT SELLER WITH HIGHER STANDARDS AND BETTER QUALITY EQUIPMENT THAT THEY ARE PREPARED TO STAND BY .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 This `` gel '' seat cover is worse than the hard saddle it covers . So-called `` gel '' is not soft , it 's firm , and this has two sausage rolls of it that focus your weight along two narrow lines , right at the bruise points that made you buy it in the first place . Find something flat , not something with two hard painful ridges like this .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 I started using this band at my club due to shoulder injury . The rubber handles were `` splitting '' so I bought my own . The handles on my new split after two uses . The handles were not designed to be used with this level of resistance - now I 'm out $ 24 with shipping . Thanks Amazon !
 I wear a 7 3/8 PC , this thing does not cover my years completly , pretty much the same as every other negative review.The main problem I have with this is that it looks exactly like the polar fleece they issue you at basic training , and it is , in fact its made by the same company , but the major difference is , IT DOES NOT STRETCH compare to the olive drap that you get from basic .
 The hat is so small that it wo n't even fit my 8 year old daughters head . I was searching for the real thing , but this was n't it . Do n't buy this hat .
 I bought this item but unfortunately it was too big , therefore the &#34; one size fits all &#34; included people with oversized head the shipment was quick .
 When I went shopping for a fleece watch cap I was looking for the same type of cold weather headgear the military issues . The name and images would suggest this item is the same quality as military issued fleece caps , however that is incorrect . This cap fits awkwardly on the head in sort of a square shape due to how it 's stitched , and does n't cover the ears . I guess you get what you pay for . Definitely not worth it .
 these dont fit like in the picture they arent elastic so if your head isnt the right size your head wont look right
 Overall a very poor fit . The hat was far too small and did not extend past the middle of my ear .
 Yes , it was only $ 4 or so , but the hat that came was one of those standard wool knit beanies that are super long and you have to fold up the sides . Funny thing is the outside package label said Rothco Polar Fleece , but right on the inside , through the clear plastic bag , was a huge label tag that said 100 % WOOL.It was n't what I ordered , but I 've decided to keep it as a backup hat for winter use .
 not GI ... this thing covers half of my ears and sits very loose on the head ... spend the extra 6 bucks and get something mil-spec
 The issue with this product is that it does n't cover my ears . I thought it was just the size of my head which in hats I wear a 7 , so I let about five other people try them on and each had the same issue with it not covering their ears .
 As others have mentioned this cap does n't fit average size heads . I wear a 7 1/4 hat and this cap barely goes halfway over my ears .
 Doesnt fit right and my ears are left uncovered . Next time i 'll pay a little more to get better quality .
 Received the cap today and when I put the cap on it did n't even cover my ears all the way .
 If you have a huge head this might fit . I wear a 7.25 hat , and this is ridiculously big on my head . Because it is so big , it allows the cold air to whip right on in , defeating the purpose of wearing something to keep you warm . Nt only that , you look ridiculous . Material is fine , sizing is terrible . One size does not fit all .
 It Is a very small Watch cap . Buying for a child then its a good choice . Not for adults at all !!!!!
 I bought this for the wife and a few black ones for me . They are way to small !! For the money , the material is fine . But they are not even long enough for my 8 year old . Good luck finding something else and I hope this stopped you from wasting money . I am giving them 2 stars because of the prompt shipment . Not worth the hassle of returning .
 The bought 3 polar fleece caps and they are all one size fits all , but either I have a big head or something becuase it does n't cover my ears all the way . As for my husband that actually has a small head it fits him fine . So I guess if you have a big head do n't get it becuase it will not cover your ears .
 This is like a kids hat , it fits the circumference of my head OK -LRB- 7 3/8 hat size -RRB- , but it does not at all cover my ears . That and the fleece it is made with is very lightweight , similar to what a series 100 would be from Polartec , do n't waste your money IMO .
 I had lost my army issue foliage green PT cap and had bought this as a a replacement . It may look just like the one that the military issued , but it is nothing at all like it . This hat was TINY . It did n't even cover half of my ears , and it was extremely thin . Wind passed through it without even dampening the force . It did nothing to keep my head warmed . Not at all what it is advertised to be and NOT a satisfactory replacement .
 This is hands down the worst beenie I have ever worn . I need to spend more time reading reviews because everyone 's right about them being way too small . Extreme cold weather ? I wore it outside and my head was just as cold as if I was n't wearing anything at all . It 's too thin , it does n't cover the ears , and it does n't really conform to the shape of your head at all . Total , total piece of garbage . I 'm infuriated by the lack of quality in this product .
 This is NOT you 're standard issued GI polar fleece hat . It does not match the issued watch cap you get from the military . It is a different design . The tag on it says one size fits all . It 's a LARGE sized hat .
 Like many other reviewers have stated , avoid this product if you would like it to cover your ears and you are older than 10 . It seems to be a quality stiched product and thats why it receives two stars . Additionaly , like previously stated it is thinner than other fleece caps I have had in the past . Save your money and find one that fits correctly !
 If you have a head three times the size of a normal person , then you 'd be happy with this watch cap . But if you 're like every other average individual , this watch cap is so big it 's pointless to even wear . The Rothco brand fleece cap misinterprets the idea of &#34; one size fits all &#34; by making the biggest size possible . Do n't spend your money on this -- return shipping costs as much as the product so you 'll just swallow the purchase and throw the thing away . Find another brand .
 I give one star , because the hat is completely unusable to me.Doesn ' t cover the ears well and with little movement it starts to lift up . I did n't think i had to read the reviews on a winter hat , but I learned my lesson.I think Most Normal sized Men , will have the same problem , so save your money and keep looking!God Bless
 I ordered a replacement pair of fitness walking tips -LRB- Pavement Paws -RRB- and have used them several times . The tread was almost completely worn off after first use and is now just a nub - like my year old tips that I was replacing . I emailed to request replacement of the sub-standard quality of the tips I received , but because I was on vacation and did not actually start using the tips 1 week before the 30 days after receipt , I am not able to return for a full refund . I did not expect them to wear away so quickly , certainly not afte only a few -LRB- 2x -RRB- uses - maybe after 6 mos to 1 yr . Perhaps I should have tried to find the original tips made by Leki . I will have to `` eat '' the cost and order another set.Sincerely , Mary Stoeker
 Compared to the original rubber tips for my walking poles , these tips were far less durable . They fit well , but wore out so quickly . As an estimate , I think these tips lasted only one-fourth of what the original ones did . The quality of the rubber is obviously inferior . Although the price was appealing , I think I may purchase the original tips even if they cost twice as much .
 I was excited to receive this product , my other tips were not suitable for pavement walking . Unfortunately the quality was poor . I have used them less than 2 weeks and the tips have no tread left on them.I have ordered a new pair , ones that are nordic original in hope that they will last a proper amount of time .
 Looks like a real nice jacket and I probably would have bought two . But once you put the size in it is suppose to prompt you for a color . Does not . I guess you really did not want to sell any of these .
 Picked these up with my purchase since they were pretty cheap , but would n't get them again . They are not true to size ... at least my batch was n't . They 're just a little smaller than an ordinary 6mm BB so they will roll out of the barrel very often . You can see the difference when you load a 6mm BB into the mag and when you load these . A good BB is snug in the mag while these practically fall out . Yea , they 're cheap , but it 's more of a hassle to find some in the bunch that are shaped right and actually the correct size .
 The batch I got was not round and the paint was blooby . Some worked . I think some other brands of paint work better , but you may get lucky .
 I now have no airsoft guns because of this product . When it came in , i got a small bottle with japanease all over the front of the bottle . when loading in the gun , they would explode in the magazine and jam the gun to the point that the gun becomes unusable ! now im out about $ 80 because this stuff . DO NOT BUY
 I blew it up once and overnight all the air leaked out and I returned it .
 We ordered these for our twin boys and were surprised when we received them that the age recommendation is for 3 years and up when the Amazon posting says ages 2 to 5 years . So if you are looking for something for a two year old , keep looking .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I found this quality of this product very poor . It said it was pre-seasoned and it was n't . The surface was very rough and bumpy . Everything stuck to it . I was disappointed in every aspect of the product .
 I bought this and tried to use it to make pancakes . Well , despite all the butter I put in the pan , the pancakes stuck in a horrible way . I 'll try to season it the way I 'd season any pan and see if it still sticks so badly .
 I bought this set having read all these wonderful reviews . In my teen years I was dealing with cast-iron a lot , that 's was what my family cooked with , so I 'm not new to this . However , the food started sticking to the bottom of the pans from the very beginning , even with oil , and after two uses both pans got ugly rust all over them . The handles on both sides are different in shape and holding angle , with makes it hard to handle this heavy pan . To crown it all , the handles are hot -LRB- I know that 's how thew cast-iron supposed to be , that 's a remark for those who are new to cast-iron cookware -RRB- , and the more shallow pan is quite impractical in terms of using it as a cover for the deeper one . My overall impression is that using these pans has been the worst cooking experience in my life .
 If you like to cook with half a stick of butter this will work great for you , and even though it may taste good to cook eggs in bacon oil , and hash browns in butter , I can not in good conscious give that to my family.Everything will stick in this , unless you have a layer of some kind of oil under the food to prevent it from sticking.It was pre-seasoned and I seasoned it 6 more times using different kinds of shortenings , even using flax seed oil which cost me more than the pot itself . I also called Lodge and used their recommended method ! I did n't care about the cost I wanted this to work.I will say this , it deep fry 's very well , with a cup of oil or more , makes good french-fries . Followed all cooking directions , preheated the pan , let the oil get hot , do n't touch the food for a little while , wait till its ready to be flipped . The only time food did n't stick was when it was floating on a layer of some kind of cooking oil!I 'm not big on non stick pans myself , but I would n't use this stuff unless you do n't care about eating extra grease in your diet , and your families diet.My neighbor has been cooking in cast iron for 40 years , she said it is seasoned perfectly!That is the way it is ! You will use more oil when you cook in cast iron . If any part of your food does not have oil under it , or butter it will stick . I wo n't use grease to cook food , what is the sense of eating good fish for health reasons and cooking it in butter , kind of defeats the purpose of healthy eating ! You might as well breaded and deep fry it ! And Im sure that 's ok for the average cast iron cook.On my stainless all-clad , I use a small slice of margarine maybe 1 teaspoon , and the eggs never stick , just by preheating and following correct cooking practices . And the browning is the same if not better.Amazon was kind enough to accept the return , lesson learned!For all those comments about seasoning the pan
 Bought for friend . Friend just told me the cooker were broken when she used them on the first time . Totally waste money .
 My daughter gave me a Lodge combo cooker and a skillet for my birthday.It is NOT preseasoned - I cooked a roast in the combo cooker and it was terrible - plus it was so heavy I could n't lift it with one hand.After the terrible roast I soaked the cooker in my Corian sink - the next morning the shape of the cooker was in my sink in rust . We have tried everything to get the rust ring out of the sink but nothing works not even bleach , rust remover - comet - nothing.If you are smart you wo n't buy these Lodge pots and pans.I 've already thrown the box it came in away - I would love to return these things and get something I could use - Big mistake.Daryle
 I am a customer very upset and unhappy because in his description of the product said to bring helmet knee and elbow pads and elbow pads did not bring me an offer misleading however respod so tell me who , as I guess no one , just annoying and I swallow I stand
 Got this for our `` Cars '' fan when he was two . Now he 's three and it still wo n't fit properly . No matter how we try to tighten the straps , it always slides back on his head exposing his forehead . If he ever fell and landed on his face , it would n't protect his forehead at all .
 helmet is too big for my 4 year old son ... it keeps falling and looks like heavy ... description said Knee pad and elbow pad got only one set . . not sure if I got it wrong . . I had to return the item . .
 This helmet is way too big for a 5 year old -LRB- to this day it does n't fit my 7 year old just -RRB- just slides off . There is n't enough padding and is quite heavy . The material of the knee / elbow pads is no better .
 Listen to the poor reviews , do n't buy this product . The helmet does n't fit properly . I would 've returned these but forgot to . I ended up throwing them away and buying some at Target .
 This compass may work well on boats , but it does not have enough adjustment flexibility to compensate for all the electrical influences in a car.If you do n't position it exactly right , including making some some adjustments , it becomes unless in any any other placement you may want to consider.The limited amount of adjustment available on this compass , does not give you much of a choice where you set it up.I would not recommend this compass if you are considering using it in a car .
 This compass simply wo n't work while inside the car , which is hardly surprising given all the magnetic forces that are generated by the electric circuitry .
 My 14 year old scout took this canoeing a few weeks ago , and when he came home , everything in the bag was soaked . We read the directions on how to seal the bag , but it did not work for him . I would n't even recommend this bag for other uses , it is difficult to carry with only a short handle . Very disappointing .
 We purchased this item online because of the shipping offer we had received when ordering the bike along with the helmet set . We were disappointed when we received the helmet and even though it stated the size was Toddler 3T , it was much smaller than the Toddler 3T one , also Disney , that was sold at our local Wal-Mart . Needless to say , we would lose about $ 8.00 by returning the item -- half of what we paid for it . Just a little frustrated . Guess we 'll give it as a gift .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 If you wanted this to be advertised as a `` desktop toy '' you sould not have advertised it as a `` Backyard Croquet '' I expected a backyard croquet set and when I recieved this piece of CRAP , I was thouroughly shocked and disappointed as were my family who were really excited about playing it.Dawn Havunen
 I also bought this for my daughter to play in our `` backyard '' . It was one of the two things she asked Santa for this year , and I paid for two day shipping ! I was quite perturbed when I received this tiny DESKTOP size toy !
 This is n't what you think it is - you do n't need a backyard to play this - you can use it in your bathroom if you want . They say a picture says a thousand words but not in this case , they should have used a few mor words in their description like MINIATURE croquet set , would have saved all of us some trouble .
 Ok ... perhaps I should have looked more carefully at the dimensions of the package this is shipped in . When something is titled `` backyard croquet set '' I assume it is indeed a full size set . I did n't expect it to be particularly sturdy at this price , but I do feel the name is misleading . Imagine my surprise to hear from my daughter that the set I bought for them to celebrate their new back yard came in a 5 INCH square box . Very cute , perhaps , but not what I had in mind for the family to play with ! BUYER BEWARE
 I ALMOST bought this thing thinking it was a set . Be careful read the reviews . ITS TRUE .
 I 'm a 56 year old grandma who has been reluctant to buy anything over the internet . When I saw this Backyard Croquet game advertised I thought it would be great way to spend time with my grandchildren on the summer weekends.What a disappointment to realize that I had been ripped off on my 1st on-line order . I also bought the lucky horseshoes.I wo n't be ordering at Amazon.com or Toys R US again .
 I purchased the bean/flex 10 combo plus an additional DVD because I have been exercising for awhile and thought the DVD that came with it would not be challenging enough . I inflated the bean according to the directions and when I used it it began to deflate about 2 minutes into the workout -LRB- I weight 115lbs . -RRB- I put more air in and the same thing happened . The bean squeaks -LRB- I even bought the deluxe -RRB- , it sticks to your skin and pulls if you wear shorts not to mention the DVD 's skipped on all of the workouts making it hard to follow and hear . The company offered me $ 40 back to keep it . I said `` no '' . They advertise you can send it back and they will pay . I had the product in it 's box -LRB- They even had me cut the bean logo out , place it in an envelope and put it in the original packaging . Even they know it 's junk and did n't even want it back just destroyed -RRB- . for over 1 month and UPS never came to pick it up . I contacted UPS and they never received a pick up label from the bean . Finally after several calls to customer service , 2 supervisors and a threat of legal action to get it taken care of and my account credited it was resolved . This product is definately too good to be true , definately not worth the money or the hassle . BEWARE !
 i was not impressed at all . The video showed a different style than i received . The style actually shipped is uncomfortable . Although it looks like it would provide support for your back and neck to target the abs it actually puts you in a more uncomfortable position and hurts your neck and back without targeting the abs at all . I would use the pilates ball over the bean any day .
 I have owned this and have been really disapointed in it . Leaks , ALOT , slids on a rug and really does n't do what it is supposed to do . I was very disapointed , Amazon was great at refunding my money or it would have been worse .
 The bean was a hassle to blow up , and when I finally had it inflated , it had a hole in the upper chamber . This made it useless and I had to send it back . It seemed like it would have been a good exercise tool if it did n't have the defect .
 The description header for this item says `` Grabber Outdoors Peel N Stick 12 Hour Body Warmers - 1 Box of 40 '' -LRB- this is an actual cut and paste -RRB- . It also says `` list price $ 67.95 reduced to $ 5.02 , saving $ 62.93 '' . I knew it was too good to be true , but I went ahead and purchased on the off chance that it was a bargain . I ended up being right and I got one packet , for which I seriously overpaid . When you can buy an actual box of 40 of these same warmers from another vendor here on Amazon and pay $ 37.50 , it means I paid 5x the cost . I knew it was a gamble , and only a $ 5 one at that , so I was aware of what I was doing . However , I suggest the seller and/or Amazon change this listing so it not misleading . The product itself is great , just know that you will only be getting one .
 Product decription was a box of 40 but what I got was 1 , not one box but 1 body warmer . I 've since purched a package of three plus a pack of handwarmers for two dollars , less than half the price of the 1 body warmer . Seller should be ashamed and amazon should ban the seller .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 The battery completely drained on mine after sitting without being charged for a few months . It will now not take a charge and the warranty on the battery was only for a year . I will not be buying a Blackburn again .
 Its very cheap , to lite . It looks great in the picture but I found all ropes that do n't use ball bearings in the handle break.The string the rope is made out of snaps right by the handle . It rubs around the edge and breaks . I did n't get one work out with this crap rope .
 This is a good light except that the back plastic cover , which is held on with screws , cracks very easily . The first light I bought I had to return to the store immediately because of cracks right out of the box . Now , 2 weeks later , I can see that cracks are appearing on the replacement they gave me .
 as far as crab traps go not at all crazy about this one ... twisted and tangled and just to many negatives
 DO NOT BUY THIS MAGAZINE !!!! IT has been falsely advertised . It does not hold 70 rds like it say but really holds only 30 . It is the exact same magazine that comes with the High Power Steyr . I bought two of these thinking they were 70 rounds and got them today I feel completly ripped off .
 I got this mag to replace my other one that broke , and I was really mad . Some of other people 's may have held 70 , but mine only held 21 . My other one held at least 300 . I went to Airsplat.com , and I saw a 330 capacity mag for the same gun , at $ 29.00 . I couldnt find the capacity of the mag at this webcite , but on airsplat it was the second information dot . The gun is great but the mag only fired twice on semi , and none on full-auto , and I did n't have this problem ever before . It only fired twice out of about 13 shots , so I do n't know how reliable this magazine really is .
 hey guys , does n't matter to me who is right about the capacity , but will this magazine fit the 26.00 aug that is manufactured by BOTH ELEPHANT ? if someone could please write a review and answer this question , i would appreciate it , thnx .
 DONT BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! piece of junk the first day i had it the spring inside the magezine got jammed so then i proceeded to take it out and fix it but as soon as i lifted the cover the spring bound up into a ball . DONT BUY ITS A PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought the Delphi 3.0 because a local sporting warehouse was having a sale - I thought $ 11 for a new cyclometer with a cadence function sounded like a good deal , so even though my Cateye Mity 8 was working fine , I switched . I wish I had n't . My main gripe with my Blackburn is the delay - my Cateye -LRB- now on another bicycle -RRB- reacts instantaneously to changes in speed , starting and stopping . That instantaneous feedback is crucial - you know exactly when you 've started to slack and can pick up the pace to get back on track . My Blackburn , on the other hand , has a delay of at least two seconds . Every time I come to a stoplight and put my feet on the ground , my Blackburn will read ' 8 mph ' or the like.Other problems : Even with the magnets properly aligned I often get erroneous readings . I 'll be going 25 mph and all of the sudden it will show me going 14 and then jump back to 25 . The buttons often do n't react or overreact . Either you press a button and nothing happens or you press a button and it jumps 2-3 screens -LRB- making you have to rotate again . -RRB- This is especially aggravating because a lot of functions require you to press and hold the button . I still ca n't figure out why you have to press and hold to display cadence - a. -RRB- the button does n't do anything but turn the cadence display on or off and b. -RRB- it 's ridiculous that the default is to not display the cadence , that area of the screen is n't used for anything else , which brings me to my next gripe ... The cadence display often disappears . It just decides to turn off every now and then . Again , it would n't be so much of a problem if you only had to tap the button to get it back on -LRB- instead of pressing and holding -RRB- or if the buttons just always worked to begin with.It freezes . It 's frozen on my twice while switching from the A to the B bike . I 've just decided to that this feature is no longer usable unless I want to risk losing all of my data again.It only has one trip feature . I really miss the two trip features from my Cateye.The wire is ridiculously long . You 'd have to be riding a 65 cm time trial bike to use up all the wire here . I have the wire wrapped around my cable housing as much as it will go , my Cannondale 's thick downtube twice , and it still gets bunched up around my chainstay . It looks terrible and what 's worse is that it adds unnecessary weight . The wire is also considerably thicker -LRB- and heavier -RRB- than my Cateye 's . It does have two advantages over my Cateye :1 . The cadence feature .2 . The ability to program in your odometer . This is especially useful for when it crashes.It 's still on my bike and I do n't have any plans to take it off , but I certainly wo n't be buying another Blackburn in the future .
 This computer is a waste of any money . Speed has been inconsistent from the first day it was professionally installed at my LBS . Therefore the odometer is off also . Only thing I use it for now is the time of day , what a waste . Cutting it off this weekend and throwing it out . LBS looked at it and can not figure out the problem .
 The cadence stopped working after 2 weeks , everything stopped working after 2 months . We guessed the problem was the battery , but when I tried to replace it , the battery cover would not come off . -LRB- Cheap plastic got stripped . I , then my husband tried to open it , and were very careful . -RRB- I got this on sale for 20 bucks . Thats what you get for being cheap ! - a cheap piece of junk ! Tomorrow I cut off the wires and put the whole thing in the trash .
 No offense to the seller - this item was shipped super fast , and I have no complaint there . But as far as the item itself - I used it for one half of a trout , and then switched back to using a plain spoon , which worked better . The jagged teeth just did n't catch all of the scales , and I was afraid to press too much because I did n't want to cut the fish up . Yes , it is very cheap price-wise , but a spoon is even cheaper .
 I bought this item to fill a float tube when I go trout fishing . Unfortunately , it 's not powerful enough to completely fill the float tube .
 l ordered two items 1 air mattres , 1 texsport two-way electris pump . The air mattres comes within two days but the two ways pump the delivery scheduled date on Sept 9 2010 ... l just wandering what happened the the 2 days delivery . l 'm confused
 I ordered this tactical pants because I had previously owned 5.11 products and because there are n't a lot of other brands that make as durable pants as this company does . Comfort and appearance though , what a mess ! First of all , I am deployed out in a war zone and out here you want to have the best ... something that does not hinder your job and that can take a beating . Second , you want to look presentable and professional since you represent someone who is paying your bills . Well , the 5.11 # 74251 Tactical Pants and its whole family , have an extremely wide and baggy inseam and , for what reason ??? I do n't know , but it sure chafes down on your inner thighs and gives you what we call , `` monkey butt '' A day of high activity in these pants and your inner thighs will be done ... and do not get wet ! You would be in serious trouble and if you do , YOU WILL find out why we call it , `` monkey butt '' As far as appearance goes , unless you can find someone you can hire to `` redo '' your pants , you are going to look like the latest kid on the block in your super baggy/baby diaper-like pants . Like I said earlier , there are n't a lot of company 's out there that make gear as durable as 5.11 and you will appreciate that when you find yourself rolling in the dirt , but as far as comfort and looks , it definitely needs some work . I hope they re-think this design .
 I have the same pair of pants that are the exact same number but are different . These pants are made of that terrible material that collects every little hair/lint/anything on to it and looks terrible . While the other pair that I had before and bought at the store and not through this seller are the exact same number and description but do not collect everything in sight on them . I of course returned them , and will just go to the store to buy the pair I want .
 i 'm a 29 '' waist but i noticed that as the waist sizes go down , other dimensions stay the same . so if you 're a skinny guy do n't even consider getting there because you will look like a hood rat in baggy pants , which is in no way presentable in a professional setting and outright uncomfortable which can get in the way of any active operations.on the contrary , the materials and workmanship are superior , so if you 're a waist size 38 and above go ahead and get these .
 I have to return this item because itis the wrong size , wrong color , wrong style . Will be sending it back .
 Extremely loose in seat and legs . There 's twice as much material as necessary making them feel heavy . The legs are so big you could get them on over ski boots .
 Many of my law enforcement friends have depts that use 5.11 but I 've found they 're more marketing than superior quality . You can get the same items cheaper from places like Propper or Charles River . Frankly , agencies that use 5.11 are wasting tax payer money on items they could get at much better prices .
 I wrote this review offline , but I see Gary Grossman has already covered much of the same ground . The safest thing to do with this product is probably to find matching size hardware somewhere , then throw away everything that came in the box.This says the hardware is stainless steel but as far as I can tell it 's made of tin . I have already stripped the screws using only my hands and the little allen wrench that comes with the kit . I had a long tedious job getting the unit off the bike using a vise grip as a wrench . I 'm taking the unit back to the store , as I still have a nut/bolt combo that is stuck ... not sure what I want them to do about it . I 've already wasted a lot of time . This is a little feature but it 's a deal-breaker . I wo n't buy anything made by this company again . I 'm giving it two stars rather than one because the rack itself is quite strong and lightweight .
 I was too hasty in handing this package over to my bike shop -LRB- was getting a new bike and wanted this mounted during assembly -RRB- . It appears that my product was bogus -LRB- albeit very well constructed -RRB- . Unfortunately , my CoPilot child seat would not slide onto the rack -LRB- rails were too thick -RRB- . By the time I realized this , my 30 days for return had expired . It was then that I studied the design carefully and realized that it was not a true Blackburn EX-1 . My neighbor 's Blackburn actually has `` Blackburn '' embossed in the metal.If you order this , study it carefully and , especially if you plan to use it for a child seat , make sure it works before you mount it and throw away the package .
 Received this item and installed it on my bike . Once I started to ride I noticed the seat was wearing quickly and it was actually the wrong seat from what I ordered . I sent several emails to the company and all they said is sorry we ca n't help you it has been over 30 days . Very poor customer service if you ask me . Even though they sent me the wrong item they would do nothing to help me.I will never buy anything from this company again !!! Horrible customer service .
 I bought the MKA 21 because of the small footprint to put on my Lund Fisherman 1800 . Had it professionally installed at the marina . The U shaped Locking Pin is too close to the carpet . Could not push it in all the way on my first fishing experience with this bracket so I took a chance and used it knowing the pin was not all the way in . I did not have a mallet to pound it in or a drill to ream out the pin holes because pin was too close to the carpet . It was a windy day and when I turned the trolling motor power up -LRB- 80 lb thrust -RRB- to turn the boat the thrust of the motor bent the pin upward . I could not bend the pin down by hand . Had to take the bracket off the boat and take it home . Then I called a couple of Minn Kota Service Center 's in my area to try and replace the locking U shaped pin . I was advised the locking pin was not an available part and I would have to buy another new plate . I would advise not to purchase this composite unit as the instructions states to drill out the holes for the pins if it is too tight . That would make it too sloppy . Minn Kota did not think of quality on this paticular unit.Not a satisified customer .
 great product for my purposes worked as describedwhen removed it clears the extrance area of my boat.have had 2 others
 The weights I received looked very similar to the picture yet they were not `` soft '' as advertised .1 . The edges were different , it was only sewn at both edges .2 . Strap was hard and thin possibly made of a hard plastic .3 . Weights were hard and stiff making it difficult to strap on your ankles.It was difficult to walk/run and almost got blisters . I tried wearing them above my pants yet they still hurt . Coul n't stand it thefore I return them . I do own others weights/brand much more comftable and `` soft '' .
 I was under the impression that they were 3 lbs . each , instead of 1.5 lbs . I was sorely mistaken . A waste of time and money .
 I am a female with a small frame and I bought these to use as wrist weights , but the velco will not fit tightly enough around my wrists to hold them still and I can not use them .
 If you have the right-sized head you can wear these , otherwise forget it . For some reason , the designers made the part of the frame that connects to the lenses EXTRA thick . As far as I can tell it was n't for strength . As a result the glasses are simply too tight . Had to return them . Too bad .
 This tube is way to small for a 10 year old child . It went under water several times . Did not like it at all ... Would not recommend ...
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 The Datrek cart bag I purchased has already been replaced by a better bag . The zippers failed on the bag very early and the company would not replace or repair the zippers or the bag . The bag is extremely heavy and although I knew it was a cart bag , you should be able to lift it from your car to the cart without getting a hernia . In other words , a really bad bag .
 Anxiously awaited this very expensive box of cards mostly for the special insert cards but there was only the Autograph card and NO MEMORABILIA CARD . You can not realize the disappointment one feels when this happens . You look and look , searching through the wrappers and identify each card hoping that you missed it somehow , but no . No Memorabilia Card as promised right on the box and in all advertised articles . Of course , the Topps Company does n't have a website for me to complain to but this did turn out to be a surefire way to find another hobby ! Thanks .
 Due to lack of space , and in need of activity I have decided to buy a mini stepped to increase my daily phsycial activity . This one I bought from a retail market and the reason for me to choose particularly this one was the price -LRB- of course -RRB- , the flexbands with counter.Very limited documentation , it does n't tell you actually how you can adjust the difficulty levet , I figured out a better way after two weeks by experimenting the device.And then it sarted to make craking noises . So I used some olive oil on the joints that passed . Then The suspensions got air inside and at the very begging of the step it started to make a crack noise which I could n't evade at all.While experirmenting the device , the electronic part got loose , it was attached with a soo thin cable , one touch and the cable was torn off . OK I said that was my fault , I should n't have touched it.But ... Today , the ` steel ` cable that holds the pedals got apart . That is so suprizing , I am only 80 kg , and using it usually every two days for 30 minutes ... Very bad construction.Ok ... Why I gave 2 stars ? The flexicables worked really well.That deserves a point .
 Bought mini stepper about a year about . Took little space , but could get a decent workout during AM news . Was about 400 steps into morning workout when suddenly , both feet were on `` ground '' level . Sudden drop was startling . The cable broke . Was not overly tight . So , what do I do with it now ? Flex bands are still usable , but not stepper . Very disappointed in the way it held up .
 This product is a total rip off !! It comes with 3 DVDs in which only one would play in any of my DVD players . The one that did play would n't stream properly and would freeze up every minute or so and never worked properly . I emailed the company and told them I bought it on Amazon.com and asked for a replacement . They said they needed my purchase order number that I returned to them immediately . They said they could n't find anything and would n't be able to do a thing about the problem ... . Oh we are really sorry , but the video is produced in a format that works around the world , we do n't know why it does n't work for you . It must be your DVD player . Funny thing , everything else plays in my DVD players . Save your $ 30 . When I started checking there was a link to the set from the Amazon return site that talked about the DVDs having problems on some players so I guess I 'm not the only one who got sucker punched ... . Stott and Merrithew Corp , I hope you enjoy my money because it is the last penny you 'll ever received from me !!
 I tend to rely on customer reviews when choosing to order something online . In the case of this DVD set , I should have only paid attention to the user review which stated that this product does n't work . I attempted to play the DVD on 2 separate DVD players AND my X-Box and it just wouldnt play . The DVD player said `` loading '' over and over and finally said `` unable to read disk . '' I do n't know how other customers were able to view this product -LRB- maybe on your computer ? -RRB- but if a DVD doesnt work on a DVD player I do n't think it 's worth purchasing .
 This is a total waste of your money , it looks like a great idea , but does not make for a workout . If you really want to buy excersize equiptment , do n't buy this .
 I rec 'd the exerciser about a montha ago ... am not able to use it because the 4 screws that hold on the handles were missing ... I have had no luck trying to obtain these screws from Target , I get the unaround ... if I return it ... I am out the $ 14 shipping ... The company needs to make good on this product , but I am at a loss where to contact to get these screws I need ...
 Do not waste your money on this product . There is so many other machines out there that does a much better job . If your looking for ab equipment , the ab roller is probably the best out there to date . This machine is a total waste .
 Do yourself a favor and save your money . I hate crunches and thought this machine might be a way to get easier results , but it 's a joke . I do crunches for about 10-15 minutes before I work out . If I do them right , I 'm sore the next day . The problem is , I hate every minute of them . I bought this machine and used it for nearly 30 minutes . My legs hurt from holding them out but I felt nothing in my abs . Nothing . I turned the resistance all the way up too . Also , the DVD that comes with it is a joke as well . Where did they dig up this George Pou guy ? Terrible . The ONLY way I could see this machine doing you any good is if you do n't work out at all and are totally out of shape . In that case , I suppose a little is better than nothing . But do yourself a favor , save your $ $ $ $ , lie down on the floor , suck it up and squeeze out some highly effective , FREE crunches . PS ... I gave it 2 stars by accident and could n't fix ... it does n't even deserve one .
 I was given this for a Christmas gift , but I think the money could have been better spent on a regular weight bench and free weights . I would have used that much more than I do this thing . It really does not give me the workout that I was used to having . The equipment is rather sturdy for what you spend , but I do n't think you get enough of a workout for the money you spend . As for the DVD that came with it ... it really sucked big time ! The mouths did n't match up with the video itself which was VERY distracting . The video reminded you of an old 1960 instructional video . All in all , I was was VERY disappointed in the merchandise . I will be going back to my Tae-Bo and look to buy a real weight set and bench for a true workout . All in all , save your money !
 the RedXL is completetly worthless ... you can sit in a chair and turn left to right/right to left and receive as much benefit without spending a $ 100.00 ... it 's a `` gimmic '' ...
 I would n't give it one star , but you have to if you want to write something .
 This is a useless product . I do not exercise much , and I do not even get a burn from this machine . The DVD is boring and the instructor speaks in a mono tone . It looks like it is low budget !
 There is no way that you can achieve what it promises with this product.it seems to be well built & sturdy - but i have read & re-read , watched dvd - i am now certain that i am doing it right in every way BUT there is no way this will change the way my body looks in any way.it is now under my bed -LRB- stores well - breaks down fairly flat ! -RRB- and i have joined a gym.good luck !
 I 've never written an Amazon review before , but wanted to send out a warning on this product . I bought this at Kohl 's last night for $ 43 . I made it through the DVD , but did n't feel anything in my abdominal section after it was over . I can say that it did n't put any strain on my neck , so it would be good for someone who is limited to what ab workouts they can do because of neck pain.After I was done , my husband gave it a try . He 's just under 200 pounds -LRB- far below the weight limit -RRB- and after about 15 minutes into his DVD workout , the seat completely snapped off.The included DVD is n't very motivating , either . I returned the whole thing today and will save my money for something better.At least he & I will have a lifetime of jokes from this experience
 I have this on loan from a pregnant friend who wants to use it after birth to trim her belly . I 'm a fairly inactive student who exercises when she remembers , so I am in no way strong abdominally.I sat down today with the DVD to see how this product works . I have an exercise ball with a dvd as well as a Power 90 series from a decade ago on VHS that I still use on occasion . They both are substantially more motivating than the joke of a video they threw into this product . It is really more of an instructional usage video than a workout , but the host does n't even explain what he 's doing and why . During periods of his `` workout '' he was sweating , stating he was burning , etc. . . I had the RED on the highest tension and was not feeling a thing ! I even went back to adjust the exercises to try to find a `` sweet spot '' in the movements to target my muscles ... no go.I get much better results from 10 minutes of pilates floor work for my core than with however long this DVD lasted . Even the exercise ball provides better resistance with your own weight for crunches.Maybe for those who can not tolerate the range of motion required to work out in other ways will benefit from this product , but as another reviewer mentioned , just use a swivel chair for the same results . I can sit here in my computer chair , hold the desk and turn/curl for the same effect . If you are not physically able to do cardio , spent $ 14 on an exercise ball and just SIT on it while watching tv . It 's tons cheaper and still works your core.And save yourself the frustration of even putting this DVD into your player . The most this guy says is `` what 's your favorite color ? '' -LRB- it was literally 4 or 5 times -RRB- and the two girls in the back mumble apathetically , `` red ... ''
 It does not tighten to increase resistance.It is nothing but a stool with handle to twist the body from right to left . It is a big disappointment .
 My 125 # wife used the thing for no more than 10 minutes before the swivel broke on the bottom . I thought no problem with the warranty . I called and called and finally got put on hold for over an hour . Then when it went thru they were now closed and please call back . I tried a couple more days and never got thru . I have since decided to redesign the broken part and try it again . I might as well . The rest of the parts look pretty sturdy but the most loaded part is cheap plastic . I would never recommend this item to anyone in its current form . They will not be around very long with the quality of this product .
 Apparently they have enough clout to make the bad reviews disappear ... ok , try try again
 Check out this company on the BBB website . They go by the name of Red Fitness . They are a bunch of crooks . BUYER BEWARE .
 I really liked the basic idea of this swivel stool , but I am a 5 ' 3 '' female and to use this product sitting you must be a taller person with longer arms .
 I used this product 4 times and it was falling apart . This item really sucked .
 This thing is a joke . I borrowed it from someone and it makes a better chair or junk holder than a exercise system . I had the resistance up all the way and was just feeling the burn . While the guy on the video was bustin a sweat . The video is like a bad B-class movie . Really low class porn setting . The guy constantly repeating ... Whats your favorite color ? and some `` moms '' in the back mumbling `` red '' . If you want to work your core just do some sit ups or oblique exercises . I use P90X and along with a proper diet it works just fine . Some of us wont lose the whole tummy because of genetics , so no six pack abs for me ... but i can sure as hell make it solid . Dont blow your money on this you can save the money go for a light run or walk to the local Jamba Juice and get better results .
 Bought this on sale for around 75 bucks . used it a few times and noticed it was already wearing down . it did not glide like it did when I first used it . I am only 140 pounds . While it did help tone my abs the tightening for a harder workout is junk.Don ' t waste your money
 I bought this chair for my mom , she wanted it so bad . She used it twice , and maybe she is not as driven as most people to work out but she didnt like it or it didnt work .
 I purchased this for my boyfriend for Christmas last year and now it 's broken ALREADY . Mind you neither of us are overweight - He 's 5.10 and only weighs 160 MAYBE - I 'm 5.8 and only weigh 150 . The sit barely moves any more the black belt looking this is breaking off . It 's a terrible buy .
 I got this at a sports dicounter for $ 45 , after having it for a few weeks , I have to say using this is better than sitting in a recliner and eating while watching TV . I switch up how I hold the handles and you can really feel the difference in your arms . The quality is only so-so , but I weigh 250 lbs . and it 's holding up fine for me -LRB- so far -RRB- . Just know going in that you get what you pay for . It also can serve as a back-up chair . Like I said , there 's a lot worse out ther for more money than this was .
 This is a boring ab workout machine . It works your abs some but does not entice . The next ab assistant I 'll be getting is one of the big workout balls . I had one before and my daughter took sissors to it . Many more excersies with the ball , virtually as many as you can think of . But this piece of equipment is totally lame . The video that goes with it is absolute crap as well . A big buff guy and two hot chicks who he bosses around and tells them how rich he is because of suckers like me buying his stupid product .
 I bought this product , and within two days , I heard an odd sound . Turned out most of the ball bearings had come out of the part that makes the unit swivel . I had to take it apart with a hex wrench , put them back on track , and put the thing back together . After about five times of having to do that , I put it in a corner to collect dust . It is now in the landfill . Cheap , cheap , cheap !
 The cycle is too light weight and has many part problems . I can not believe that different sites want so much money for this product . Not worth the money . Sorry my opinionHave one and hate it .
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This is not a compression short . There is no stretch at all to the fabric and it runs a bit small . I was completely disappointed .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 Electronics on my 31 worked extremely well.After 20-30 running sessions , the 31 scrapes large sores into the skin on my chest despite using it in the way Polar describes . This has been the case each spring for the last 3 years when I 've started retraining after winter . Fortunately , it sounds like my case is unusual.My chest is rather bony and about 44 '' around . Routine use when running causes the transmitter to bounce up and down . The strap and stitching dig into , then break the skin . Initially , it looked like an allergic reaction . However , experimentation showed that it 's abrasion , not allergies.The old HR100 chest strap worked much better . Polar did try to work with me on this and I commend them for their level of effort .
 I have used this chest strap for only a couple of months and it produces inaccurate readings all the time !! I am seriously disappointed with the inaccurate readings that I receive , and more importantly the fact that the monitor does not pick up a heart rate at all half the time . I would recommend against purchasing this chest strap ... it may be slightly more comfortable than the hard chest strap , but the fact that the chest strap fails to pick up a heart rate , or in rare cases when it does , the fact that it is inaccurate makes this chest strap worthless . I am purchasing a new hard chest strap for use with my Polar HRM .
 I have not been able to use this product . Contacted my bike 's manufacturer and they said that the model I have would not work with coded transmitters . I have already submitted 2 previous notes indicating that the device did not work for me , but neither the seller -LRB- Bike A Mile -RRB- nor Amazon have responded . I have to rate the overall process as very poor , but would assume the product is adequate .
 I walk , bike , run and play volleyball and I mostly wanted to see how it worked for volleyball and it does n't . I 've made it as tight as I can and it just does n't register with the jumping and moving associated with a highly active activity . Otherwise , it has been pretty consistent with walking , biking and running .
 I bought the Polar RS800 and under a year the Ira -LRB- infra-red -RRB- capability to download to the laptop died . I have spent probably another $ 30.00 dollars in batteries just to rule out the failures.I called the manufacture who requires the `` original '' receipt before they will repair the unit . Instead I went out and purchased a competitor 's solution which takes the signal from the heart monitor and transmits it to my iPhone.For over $ 300.00 I wouldnt touch another Polar product
 Hey Polar . Get with the program . Your proprietary restrictions make it impossible to use your products with my mobile device . How long do you think customers will continue to purchase computer systems built with 1980 's technology when they can easily go to other monitor companies and purchase monitors that link up with their mobile devices ?
 I ordered this to use with the Sports Tracker software used on my Nokia 5800XM cell phone . Polar does not specifically say with what devices either this does or does not work . The package says only `` Compatible with Polar products utilizing 5kHz transmission technology . '' Exactly how many people know this technical specification ? This rating is based solely on the fact that this is one of the few companies that does not specifically say what products work with their devices . Shame on me for not completing a thorough internet search that would have shown that other people have also fallen in the same trap . A search on Polar 's site shows that Polar says to call Nokia and Nokia says to call Polar ? I found a German language Polar site with an actual picture of the belt I need and the transmitter says `` Polar for Nokia '' and will be available in 2010 . Why does Polar USA not simply say `` available 2010 ? '' Because the package was impossible to open without the use of scissors , the item is not returnable and I will attempt to sell it to someone who can use this with their Polar watch or with whatever `` 5kHz transmission technology '' it works .
 I bought a new heart rate monitor and this transmitter came with it . I have had to replace the battery after about 9 months which was no big deal . Since than I have had so many problems with the transmitter stopping in the middle of a run . I have replaced the battery so many times that the cover now is stripped which means I have to replace the entire sensor since Polar does not just sell a cover . I would probably not buy another Polar . I am disappointed in their lack of reasonable support of the product . I thought having a replacement battery was a positive however the design flaws make the device unstable after the cover and battery is removed .
 My wife and I both bought Polar FT60 heart rate monitors in 2009 . We like the FT60 watch unit , but the Wearlink transmitters have caused us so many problems that we went back to using the T31 transmitters from our old Polar heart rate monitors . I 've replaced the batteries several times and even after that I have constant problems receiving the heart rate . The T31 transmitters are much more reliable and we finally threw away our Wearlinks . If you need a replacement transmitter , I highly recommend buying the older style T31 tranmitter .
 I have been a user of polar heart rate monitors for quite some time and when I needed a new transmitter strap I got this one . It 's performance has been a disappointment . It has been difficult to get to work at all , requiring frequent rewetting and then intermittently stops transmitting data . It has failed in the field and failed in the gym . I never had this problem with the previous models
 My husband has the old style Polar chest strap -LRB- battery not replaceable -RRB- and it works like a charm after 2 years . Mine only transmits a signal when it is in the mood . It reads my heart at 0 in the middle of an intense workout or randomly says it is over 200 when I am not even moving ... or it will get stuck at a number . Then it will spontaneously start working again . When I use my husbands chest strap with my watch it works fine , so I know the problem is in the in the strap not the watch . It is a source of constant frustration . I have replaced they battery several times and follow all the instructions from Polar . It seems like moisture may be able to work into the battery chamber causing it to short ? For an expensive piece of equipment to work maybe 20 % of the time is a disappointment !
 I have the F7 polar watch that syncs with this coded transmitter . I have had two since I bought the watch less than two years ago . The last stopped working and the battery cover could not be removed . I have three other polar devices including a bike monitor and , despite working well when they work , all seem to have had one problem or another . I think the company is getting lazy because they have so little competition and have become the standard . I ca n't recommend the product unless you really , really need Polar.Polar F7 Men 's Heart Rate Monitor Watch -LRB- Grey -RRB-
 The cover on the replaceable battery no longer is removeable . I 've replaced batteries in the past without a problem . I 've cleaned the gap between the cap and case , but no joy . The slot for inserting a coin or screwdriver has deformed and no longer provides any grip for turning the cover . I 'm hesitant to reward them for a poor design by purchasing a replacement .
 I bought a new F7 that came with this strap - however , I am very disappointed with the sheer bulk of the chest strap . I never had a real problem with the old style , so I may be biased here , but the new mechanism sticks out much further than previous models . Its pretty obvious that Polar will be improving this in coming years , as the mechanism itself is far too bulky . Poor , clumsy design .
 I purchased the Polar Heart Rate Monitor , and it and the included Wearlink strap are a nice combination when they 're working . But at about 11 months I started getting eratic readings . Not the battery , not the strap , it 's the transmitter . I 've read other reviewers who have experienced the same problem . Polar has always had excellent products but this is a very short life span for the expense of this monitor and strap . Polar recommends disconnecting both sides from the strap connectors each time the transmitter and strap are removed . This did n't help my situation.I 'll try the newer W.I.N.D. transmitter and strap and hope it lasts longer than the original strap .
 Ordered XXL and got something that was XL . Hence the sizing is for smaller people . Chest is 46 and thought XXL would cover it . But it is rather tight and not comfortable . XXXL which is ridicuous . You should be able to adjust these things .
 The perceived benefit of the device was the replaceable battery . What an ordeal this was , even brand new . This is my second unit and resorted to drilling a hole in the back of the device to open . This flawed device needs to be re-engineered . The device will open but only with extreme measures .
 Bought this to replace non coded transmitter that stopped working after 2 years . Belt is more comfortable but after wearing the transmitter 35 min . it stops working and needs to be dried off . This is always in the middle of my workouts . I have n't even worn it in the pool , not sure if it will even detect my heart rate if its submerged . Would not buy this product again .
 It works properly until you have to replace the battery . The cover is stuck , it is very hard to open it . After the battery was replaced , it gets stuck in the middle of the training , or give wrong pulse reading - very high or too slow.I consider not to replace it but buy the whole set from a different brand .
 I have lost my high opinion of Polar products . The last three transmitters I have purchased have either not worked at all or worked so sporadically that it was impossible to get a consistent reading . Lack of reading negated any valid results to flowlink . I 've given up wasting my money on their products .
 My wife and I have gone through 4 -LRB- 2 each -RRB- Wearlink31 's in the last 18 months . The Wearlinks work well for the first few months , then produces inconsistent readings ... replacing the battery does not help . Our original T31 's lasted four years with frequent use -LRB- 4-5 times a week -RRB- . Going back to the old but much better T31 model .
 Used the old model tc31 for years with no problem . My children bought me a wearlink coded transmitter and it lasted a little over a year before it started to give me problems . At times it would take a minute of two before it would begin to work or sometimes just quit during my workout . I have replaced the battery but still have the same problem . I also had an extremely difficult time trying to remove the back cover to the transmitter . The slot looks like it has gone through heck and I may not be able to get the cover off again . I started using the old transmitter and am very happy with it . Not satisfied with the wearlink .
 I just have had issues w / this belt and STILL use the old one that you have to mail in . Ive had 2 of these newer kinds and one the plastic area where you clip in the belt broke ! well thing that sucks is you cant just sew it like you could take up the old strap when you wore the elastic out ... it is all plastic so I have no idea now how to actually put this broken belt and make it work . Paying another 50 bucks for a replacement ??? hello ?? then keep the old one and pay it for the battery issue isnt really solved . The other one just like it I have will give me wild inaccurate rates at times . So I put on the old failthful one and of course it still works . . Ill run this guy until the battery runs out but boo on the great idea for the new strap when you wear it as much as I do and put it through it wont stand up !! Polar must need to make their cash continually on us some where im guessing ... why we couldnt keep what was good w / the old one and make it user battery replaceable is beyond me . Im about to switch to another brand i guess ... dont know at this point .
 I have bought three of these , each time thinking that the last one must have been defective . The pattern is always the same - they work fine for a few weeks and then the signal becomes very erratic . Finally it does not pick up a signal at all . Replacing the battery did not help . I was careful to wash the unit with warm water and soap and rinse well every time I used it -LRB- what a pain ! -RRB- , but it made no difference . I wanted this transmitter because it has a replaceable battery , but that is of no use if the transmitter fails before the battery dies . The T31 transmitter is better than this one and I do n't have to wash it every time I use it .
 Polar should see a way of making a new model as comfortable and accurate as the T31 with a replacement battery ! With this one I just ca n't get it to fit comfortably under my bra . Also a hassle to have to wet it before and after every use . I get erratic readings and have to keep trying to fit it several times during my gym workouts . Disappointed , if I ca n't get it to work properly soon -LRB- I will try wearing lower , backwards ... -RRB- , I am going to order a T31 coded so I am able to use it with my FT7 -LRB- previously I had a wonderful A5 - which I only decided to stop using because of the FT7 data storing capacity - that came with the T31 non-coded , but unfortunately it is not compatible with the FT7 -RRB- . Unfortunately when you purchase a new Polar model -LRB- such as the FT7 -RRB- you have no choice because they only come with the Wearlink .
 Unfortunately I was disappointed when this device did n't work with my phone properly . The device is great until it stops working in the middle of the workout . I spend more time trying to fix it during my workout then actually working out . Granted the supported devices do not include any of the three phones that I bought . In the end the device did n't do what I purchased it for.Don ' t buy it .
 This transmitter is very comfortable . However the main problem arises when , just about over a year from the date of purchase , one has to change the battery of the unit . The lid does not open ! One can easily turn the lid to the full `` open '' position ; but , doing so does not produce the desired result at all . The lid remains locked and does not pop out ! Good luck to anybody buying this unit thinking that he/she will be able to change the battery when it goes dead!The way the strap is connected to the transmitter is also poorly designed . Disconnecting the strap from the transmitter requires a lot of care so that breakage of the locking mechanism does not happen .
 The battery on my T-31 Coded chest transmitter went out , so I decided to spring for the Wearlink . Even though it was more expensive , I figured I could save money in the long run by being able to swap out the batteries myself . Instead of just replacing the entire chest transmitter -LRB- T-31 -RRB- , I figured this would be a nice advantage , and a cost cutting measure.I had read the reviews on Amazon.com about this product , and noticed that many people were grousing about the readings being unreliable . I decided to purchase the product anyways , and make up my own mind.For starters , the chest strap is very nice . It fit comfortably and snugly , and did n't slide up and down my sweaty chest as the T-31 had before . Even though my T-31 never lost contact when I was wearing it , it was always in the back of my mind . I was constantly having to readjust it , while in the midst of a workout . The Wearlink posed no such problem.Secondly , I never had to avail myself to the option of being able to change out the batteries . I owned the Wearlink for just under a week , but used it heavily during that time . I never removed the back cover from the unit , so I ca n't speak as to the degree of difficulty , etc , that is involved in undergoing such a task.Once I employed the chest transmitter during the workouts , I became dismayed very quickly . The inaugural workout went off without a hitch , and was about what I expected . However , with each subsquent workout the readings became more erratic and unreliable . By the time that final day rolled around , I was half tempted to throw the Wearlink on the ground and stomp on it LOL . Fortunately for me , cooler heads prevailed in this situation.I called up the company that sold it to me and insisted that they send me a T-31 Coded unit . They did , and I sent back the Wearlink . Since that time , I have had nary any problem with accuracy and reliabilty . The T-31 Coded chest transmitter has worked like a charm , and is the best model that Polar has to date IMO.The old adage , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , '' applies here . I had always been happy with the performance of the T-31 , but thought I would try something new . However , the Wearlink has sent me scrambling back to the original , the T-31 . If I was in the market for a chest trasmitter again , knowing what I know now , I would just plunk down the $ 35 - $ 45 to replace the T-31 each time the batteries went out . You may spend more money , but the aggravation it would save you would be well worth the expense .
 The transmitter works only sometimes . I have followed all the tips , including soaking the electrodes each time -LRB- very inconvenient - especially in cold weather -RRB- , rinsing after each use , washing -LRB- in washing pouch -RRB- every 3 weeks , disconnecting the strap after each use , tightening the belt until it is uncomfortable , replacing the battery , etc. . It worked well for several months without these steps , but Polar insists that the user follow these steps , and it did start working again for a few months . I sent it in for warranty but the customer-service person warned me that they may return it unrepaired if they can not find anything wrong with it . I wish the old T31 would work with the CS600 . I would rate the wearlink one star even if it worked because following the instructions for use is a giant step backwards . I have owned Polar monitors for 15 years and never had to do anything but wet the transmitter with a little saliva . I love the CS600 except for the transmitter . I would gladly buy another transmitter but this is the only one that `` works '' . Sometimes.Mar-2009 update
 My wife and I have had PolarUSA watches for years now . Polar came out with the Wearlink strap to improve comfort over the old T31 , and to offer a replaceable battery .1 -RRB- Comfort was n't a big deal , I do n't really feel the difference .2 -RRB- Maintenance
 Went to change the battery - after only a few good uses the reading became erratic , then non existent - ; the coin -5 cent nickel coin as advised - wore out the indentation and it was impossible to open again . contacted polar cust svc . live chat were I was given the address of a repair shop in downtown LA. .
 I liked this belt , but it stops working after 3 months . I replace the battery and nothing . Looks like I 'm not the first who had this same problem .
 My experience with this transmitter and the FT80 . I have used Polar monitors for years and I ca n't tell you how disappointed I was when the first `` improved '' transmitter stopped working . It worked fine for about 10 weeks . Then I started getting readings of 208 before even warming up . I would mess around with the belt and transmitter over and over to make it work - and it would sometimes for about 5 minutes - then back to crazy readings . I gave them the benefit of the doubt , replaced a 10 week old battery - same results . So I bought another transmitter here on Amazon only to have it do exactly the same thing after only 2 weeks . The product is bad because of the transmitter and you can not use the older models with it so I am back to using my Polar F6 which has been bulletproof -LRB- and costs 1/4th as much -RRB- . Polar - you really need to fix the transmitter problem on the new watches and provide us an alternative to the one flawed transmitter you offer .
 Very comfortable , but from the start I felt uncomfortable about thatlatch . It was hard to open and made very strange sound , like breaking . I used the strap 2-3 times a week for a 1.5 hours . After 10 months I tried to open the left side to wash the strap and the metal button from the strap tore away .
 I am a doctor and for quite a few years was a Polar distributor in my practice because I believed that Polar was a good company with good heart monitors . I purchased the Wearlink transmitter belt a few years ago . It only worked for a few weeks before it stopped functioning . I used the belt that came with the Polar heart monitor since then . Recently I noticed my old Wearlink transmitter and went on Polar 's website and saw that they offer a replacement battery and cover but there was no place to actually purchase this on their website . I emailed them to purchase this replacement battery and and cover -LRB- I mostly wanted the cover because my was ruined by trying to remove it to see what kind of battery was required -RRB- and they refused saying that I must send my Wearlink in for repair . The cost of doing this is excessive and I think that if a person wants to try replacing the battery and cover themself they should be allowed to try before being charged excessive fees for a battery and having to pay shipping for a service that may not be required .
 The product worked great for a few months . When I went to replace the battery , I struggled to open the screw on the back . The plastic is so soft that even mild pressure strips it . I tried a screwdriver , coins , flat batteries ... nothing works . Guess I should have just bought the `` single use '' version ...
 These are great when they work , but having had 2 transmitters die in less than a year , and the problem is n't the battery , I 've decided it is not worth the money .
 Battery died in 3 days . Should have a fresh one for the price ! I was a little dissapointed but glad it was just an old battery and not a defective product .
 I bought this to work with my iPod Nike + ... but it does n't . Not that it says that it would , but Amazon currently does n't sell the kind that DOES work , so I guessed -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that `` well , maybe this is the one that sync 's with the iPod . `` I 'm sure it probably works great on it 's own , but that 's not what I bought it for.Nope .
 I had no idea these people at Bike A Mile would take 16 to 19 days to get an item to me or i never would have purchased it from them . I realise that i used the super saver shipping but i do n't recall it stating that it is normally 16 to 19 day delivery !!!
 I had to buy a new transmitter because it is impossible to change the battery . Once the cover is removed , you can not put it back on . It is an extremely poor design . Other and the inability to change batteries , it works fine.I seriously considering getting rid of my polar HR Monitor when it is time to change the battery again .
 Whats happens , that i received just the belt , but not receive the Coded Transmitter . !!!! What i have to do ??? Thanks , Marcio
 I bought a watch with this transmitter and soft strap and the strap lasted like 6 months . I have 3 old style hard straps , 1 from 1993 , which still work perfectly . Wouldnt buy anything with the soft strap setup . Trying to find the other hard straps new or switch watch brand to another manufacturer . Had problems with my last 2 polar watches too . These are 2 expensive not to work perfectly .
 I purchased one of these less than a year ago . The electronics went crazy after about 10 months and changing the battery was no help . The mechanism for latching the belt around you consists of two separate loops of cloth into which a plastic hook is inserted . The first loop broke after several months and the second loop broke just when the electronics went nuts . With the loops broken there is no way to wear the belt . A poorly designed and poorly constructed product !
 This strap came with my M61 Polar monitor . It is very comfortable but sometimes difficult to disconnect . The transmitter began to give erratic readings after about a year . Sometimes , after about 30 minutes of exercise , the readings would settle -LRB- it had nothing to do with being wet -RRB- . I regularly cleaned the strap , but decided to clean all contacts too . No help . I replaced the battery . Still no help . I feel this strap is way too expensive to give only one year of usage !
 Great repaceable battery.Lasted 9 moBack almost imposible to open . Spent 2.99 on a battery , trasmitter never worked well again.The posts that snap the strap to the unit also RUSTED.I guess I 'm not suposed to swet , my bad . Bought a new set up strap and all.I guess thats the good news for polar . So replaceable at $ 59.99 , Awesome . I LOVE THE REWIEWS WRITTEN THE WEEK THEY BOUGHT THE PRODUCT > JUST WAIT
 VERY HIGN MAINTENANCE . wash it THOROUGHLY after every use , soak it every time you use it so you look like you are breastfeeding . I bought a new strap -LRB- without transmitter -RRB- thinking the old one was past it , better but not much.I never had any trouble with the old strap , except when it came to the end of its battery life.The obvious solution to me is the old style strap with a replaceable battery.I only keep the polar now because I like the way it counts calories . I think the latest Garmin products have improved their method -LRB- it did n't count when you were on a static machine !! -RRB- , so I might be looking there next time .
 Just another watch Heart Rate Monitor obviously made at a price . Didnt like the performamce and lost Heart rate when runnign hard . Thinknig of one attached tomy Android smart phone so I get GPS and voice feedback and isntant web connectivity . I think the Zephyr HxM may be next purchase
 I bought deluxe Best Friends grazing muzzles from a local store . After a month the hole at the end of the basket began to tear , and now it looks like a comma , not a period , and grows ever bigger.I did hear back from the company 's president who offered to swap out my almost brand new muzzle for a new one , free of charge . As for the ever-widening opening in the basket of the muzzle , which allows the horse to eat more and more grass , it was explained to me by several people that it may just be the way my horse tears away at the grass . I am still disappointed that the muzzle hole did n't stay intact for more than 6 weeks , but perhaps it is one of those things where depending on the horse , muzzles do n't last more than a few months .
 The muzzle did not work ; however there was no packing slip nor return information so I can not return the muzzle . I am just out $ 45
 I purchased this pedometer because my fiancee had an Omron HJ-720ITC which does pretty much everything this one does , even keeping track of your data on the computer , so that we would n't get the two of them mixed up . Now I 'm regretting that decision , wishing I 'd just gotten the same model as her because this one is so inaccurate.All of the software and other features work as advertised , but the unit is way too sensitive and you ca n't adjust the sensitivity as you can with some other pedometers . Just riding in my car for 10 miles I racked up over 200 steps . If I 'm sitting in my chair at work for an hour or so , I 'll rack up around 500 steps from the slightest movements.How on earth could I have racked up over 13,000 steps when I was sitting in front of the computer all day ? I purchased this based off of the positive reviews here on Amazon , but now I 'm starting to think they were faked or something because the reviews on Newegg claim the same problem I had . I just wish I 'd read those before I made my purchase.If you want a pedometer that you can track your progress , do n't waste your money on this unit . Get the Omron model insteadOmron HJ-720ITC Pocket Pedometer with Advanced Omron Health Management Software .
 I had been looking for a sturdily built pedometer that had some kind of alarm to let me know when I got to 10,000 steps . This one seemed to fit the bill . Most reviews seemed positive , although I read once or twice about steps not counting correctly ; it would continue to count down when you were sitting , etc. . I mentally disregarded these comments as I was wowed by all the bells and whistles . I bought it and regretted it the first day.Setup could be easier but I had the same problem with inaccurate count . It does n't matter what extra `` goodies '' a pedometer has if it ca n't count basic steps ! Luckily , I was able to get a refund but a warning . Save your time , money and frustration and do n't even buy it . It was worth more trouble for me than it should have been . Planning to go back to the New Lifestyles brand which has never given me a problem .
 I have had this for about a week and I found it 's to sensitive . I can not use it in the car when I am driving b/c he keeps on counting while I am moving and I drive a Lexus so it 's a smooth ride . When I picked it up of my dresser and put it right on my belt it had counted already 8 steps from two little moves . I found it was 3 steps more per each step at most times . So even when I did not walk it shows a very high number which makes it worthless to me . I do n't need it to show me I am doing a good job when I am not . Now maybe thier is a fix to this and I plan to call the manufact on this today otherwise it 's going back . I spent close to 30.00 for mine and I guess paying more is not the answer .
 Three weeks after purchasing this unit , it started recording strange heart rate readings for no apparent reason . The next day , it stopped reading the heart rate all together no matter what I tried . It now seems to be stuck in one mode , simply recording time . I can reset it and I can use it as a watch but that 's it.After reading all of the other reviews here , I 'm not sure it 's worth the time to try and get it repaired .
 This watch worked great for about 6 months . Then the buttons on the sides fell off . A month after that , the alarm completely stopped working . The watch is easy to use and has several different functions , but for the price I did n't expect it to fall apart after 6 months .
 The problems I had with the monitor are not why I suggest against buying it . It 's the difficulty I had with the costumer service . The problem is that my monitor , while measuring accurately my heart rate , report much less energy expenditure than fitness machine report , consistently by a factor of two . There could be many reasons for that , but one that I wanted to rule out is a programming mistake in the receiver . No , said the representative , impossible . Why ? Because . I did more homework -LRB- which I consider their homework -RRB- , searched textbooks , websites , compared different machine of different makers and different type of exercise and return to the company with a more argued case . Again , no cooperation . If I gave them my personal data , the average heart-rate and time spent exercising , will they tell me what energy expenditure is the monitor programmed to report ? No . Why ? They just do n't do it . -LRB- Notice , I did n't ask how much energy I actually expand , there is no way to know without directly measuring . My question is whether the monitor I put almost $ 100 in function as intended . -RRB- I 've sent my monitor for inspection , with detailed description of the issue , and had it returned still under-reporting energy expenditure and with no sign indicating they looked closely at my claim.There are ways for me to check what 's going on . I can let others use my monitor as see if the value they get is closer to the value reported by the same fitness machines -LRB- this would indicate that it 's me who is putting a lot of work without raising my heart rate much -RRB- . Likewise , I can try use another heart-rate monitor and see if it also under report energy expenditure . The question is , should it be a monitor made by Polar ? I think it not.Another way to know , less accurate though , is to try calculating how much I eat and how much I expand , according to Polar and according to the machines , and see which agree better with my body weight . I did . The verdict
 I used my Polar F4 consistently for 2-3 weeks before I ever had any trouble with it . Now I ca n't get it to pick up a heart rate , and if it does , it is n't even close to correct . I have tried all of the trouble shooting techniques , and nothing has worked . I will be sending this back to my great disappointment . I will probably buy a different one , but I would n't recommend this one to anyone .
 I got this F4 as a Christmas present in 2008 . Two weeks later the buttons cracked and fell off . Polar sent me new buttons , and two weeks later the buttons cracked again . I sent the unit to polar two more times and the buttons only lasted 2 weeks each time.I called their service department and escallated the issue . I spoke to Albert , who said that sun tan lotion damages the buttons so they break . He suggested either not using sun tan lotion or wearing a wrist band under the watch . GIVE ME A BREAK !!! I live in San Diego and I wear sun tan lotion 360 days per year . Polar said their new units do not have that problem , but they would not replace my F4 with a good one.I will never buy another Polar product .
 I 've owned two of these watches and both of them stopped reading my heart rate accurately within a few months of daily use . While running it will start out giving an accurate reading , then start jumping around , giving me an impossibly high -LRB- 151 at a slow jog -RRB- or low reading -LRB- 71 while running uphill -RRB- or it will jump from an extremely low to an extremely high heart rate -LRB- 51 to 160 -RRB- in a second , a virtually impossible reading . It 's maddening . For some reason , I do not have this problem while working out indoors at the gym . Only when running outside . It 's too bad because it 's easy to use . But what 's the point of a heart rate monitor that reads everything but your heart rate .
 Love this watch , awesome tool for working out & improving fitness . But the `` start '' button on the left fell off after 10 days , rendering it useless . I 've sent it in for a warranty claim , so we 'll see ...
 I trained for a marathon and several 10K races using a heart rate monitor . They are very good instruments for training and I recommend them to everyone who wants to lose weight or get in shape . After you 've purchased one or two of them , you become a better shopper . I purchased an F-4 for a friend , and I was very , very disappointed in the battery life when I found out how soon the battery in the main unit wore out . Some of the newer heart monitors - Nikon for one - have user replaceable batteries so you can save a lot of money and time replacing batteries after one or two years .
 I 've had my Co-Pilot for several years now . The first one failed within a few weeks of purchase . Minn Kota replaced it under warranty . Year two , Co-Pilot appeared to be sensitive to heat from direct sun . It would stop working completely on hot , sunny days . Sometimes unplugging the motor and plugging it back in would get it started gain after shading the Co-Pilot . This happened about once or twice each outing for a couple of years - annoying . Now , the Co-Pilot has quit entirely . It used to give a short burst of beeps when power was initially applied to the motor , but now it is dead and long out of warranty . The wired foot control works great . I ca n't recommend the Co-Pilot . Too many problems .
 Product did n't work at all . I have to go through Minn Kota for warranty service now . I do n't think it 's asking too much that a product will work when you buy it .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 The picture I viewed on line was a black bike . The one we received was red . We liked the red better , but still . Also after only riding it for a day the spoke rim shifted and can not be rode . Now I have to drive almost an hour to return and what I should have done was just bought the stingray -LRB- OCC -RRB- bike -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I viewed a 20 ' West Coast Chopper Bike in a local store but figured I would compare to online shopping . Since there is no image available I was unable to compare a visual . But how many different versions of this bike could there be . Apparently a vast difference at least in this on vs the one I saw . The one I saw look alot like the Stingray but had the West Coast logos . Very cool looking . This one looked nothing like either . It is a horible cross between a Stingray and a regular looking bike . I ended up returning this bike and purchasing the Stingray which I should have done the first time . It was a $ 22 -LRB- shipping cost -RRB- lesson . Learn from my mistake . Do n't assume it 's what you want unless you see it .
 I ordered a Packers Drive street sign with a helmet , but received a Packers Ave. sign with a large `` G '' . Since it 's a Christmas present and my nephew will still love it , I will keep it , but I 'm disappointed that the picture and the product received did not match .
 The Heart Rate Monitor worked okay for about two months then became unreliable . The heart rate goes in and out of lock . Wetting the chest band helped in the beginning . The watch display started to fade after about one year . I was so disgusted with the reliability I decided to try replacing the watch battery myself ... do n't try it . I disposed of the watch/waste band in the trash ... no loss . The watch/chest band must be retured to a dealer for battery replacement . After reading HRM reviews I decided to buy the Timex Heart Rate Monitor at Costco for $ 39 -LRB- user replaceable batteries -RRB- . All I need is a HRM that will show I have reached my target HR , I do not need all the bells and whistles , it 's on the workout equipment .
 I have used this watch for approx . 1 month and loved it , but just recently it just froze up on me . Could n't get it out of the mode it was in , which was in the middle of a exercise session . I took it to a watch repair and they took out the battery and told me it was a little on the weak side . Put it back and now the watch is totally dead . Barely lasted 6 weeks .
 So , I bought this watch originally thinking it would monitor my heart rate on command . Big mistake . It does n't work at all without the strap . At first I was very disappointed by this fact . Now my thinking has come around 180 degrees . It turns out that the chest strap is the finest thing in life since sliced bread . All of your better quality gym equipment support the strap . Devices such as the LeMond bikes and the LifeFitness Elliptical crosstrainers will all lock onto that short wave signal and report your heart rate accurately , at all times , regardless of whether you hold the grips or not . That is a great and wonderful thing . It is a pain to cling to the grips , and they are not particularly accurate heart rate monitors in the first place.The watch turns out to be a sizable disappointment . The LCD numbers are way too small when they could be much larger . Get rid of the animation . Give us big numbers . The backlight is horrible . You wo n't be able to read the time or the numbers in a dim environment -LRB- say a movie theater -RRB- . You have to click too many buttons to get into a workout recording mode , and you have to click too many buttons to break out of it.This watch suffers from computer confirmation syndrome -LRB- CCS -RRB- . CCS is a type of Tourette Syndrome that greatly afflicts the minds of software engineers everywhere . You should not ask twice if the user really , really , really wants to begin or really , really , really wants to stop . The interface needs a major redesign . It should become like a stop watch . 1 click starts the count . 1 click stops the count . Fire your software designers and your software engineers . Get new ones . Death to CCS.There is another important flaw . The watch attempts to give you a calorie count . This figure inaccurate and disagrees with the exercise machine 's calorie count if you compare the two numbers . The watch is wrong . The machine is right . The machine is in a better position to know what you are doing because it can calculate the wattage you are expending . The watch knows nothing of the resistance level you are currently fighting . It can not know the wattage level your are expending.I would highly recommend that you buy the strap and not the watch .
 Worthless . Half the time it does n't work -- picks up other monitors , or doubles your heart rate , or does n't show one , or shows a ridiculously low one . Nice , when it works , but completely unreliable . Do n't waste your money .
 UPDATE
 Only the outside appearance of the product is good . It is not good quality , even if you do not use it , and leave it somewhere else on its own , without putting anything on it , it deflates in just a matter of hours . I tried two and both are the same . So , if you do not want to buy something that is not usable , then definitely avoid this one .
 Unfortunately I can not say anything good about this monitor since it worked for me only once . When I tried to use the monitor the second day it would not pick up the signal from the chest belt , no matter how I tried to reposition or tighten it . Also , the initial set-up -LRB- of the watch settings -RRB- was a bit of a chore - I nearly chucked it out of the window a couple of times . I returned it for a refund . I have n't bought another one thus far - still doing research and looking for input on which one is worth an investment .
 I bought this item for my wife when she started going to the gym . Despite its specifications , this watch did n't resist water . When it first stopped working we sent it to be fixed at Polar labs and it took them almost a month to return it `` fixed '' . My wife decided to be careful with the watch -LRB- again , it 's supposed to be water resistant 30M -RRB- but when she forgot to take it off going into the swimming pool after two month it again stopped working.I am not going to purchase another device from Polar . I 've had over the years 3 of their products and it seems that Timex has more durable products .
 The watch has worked , if only for a brief time , and is a wonderful tool for monitoring heartrate and calories . However , after less than a year , it only works 50 % of the time and both button tops on the sides have come off , thereby making it difficult to use the watch for anything other than time . I 'm currently looking for a similar watch , different brand , that has the Polar 's same features .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Do not even try ... horrible costumer service trying to return this item . Finally contacted by a very rude person that kept on lying to me about their attempts to contact me . They finally did once I filed claim .
 This is sturdy , but it mounts too close to the wall . This is a huge problem for me . Saw the post about mouting it to a ceiling joist - I 'm going to investigate that .
 This product is poisonous . I can say that is not true for all of them , my friend bought the same mat , and it was OK . My theory is that someone returned the mat , and they spray it with poison for re-sale . Anyways , my mat smells so bad , it stunk up a 2000 sq ft yoga room , and I had to leave . The poison foamed up when I swet onto it . This is very different from the rubbery smell that is normal.Don ' t buy it ! It could poison you !
 this mat gets very slippery and makes even simple moves frustrating . i would recommend a different mat.cheers
 This mat may have a design flow , or perhaps it was rolled up before paint on the cute paisley pattern dried up . Layers were stuck together and it was hard to unroll . In the process , the paisly design ripped bits of the bottom side of the mat . I suppose it 's still functional , but my brand new mat looks pretty awful .
 I just got the mat and went to unroll it but it is stuck together , expecially where the paisley patterns are so that when I unrolled it chinks of the mat came off . Very poor quality and I 'm unsaitsfied . I would not recommend getting this mat .
 I bought this mat recently , nothing wrong with the packaging.However , when I went to use it - it slips !!! Not on the ground , but the hands . It does not provide anywhere near enough grip for the hands . Down dog become downward face plant into the ground.Absolute rubbish .
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This is not a compression short . There is no stretch at all to the fabric and it runs a bit small . I was completely disappointed .
 This was on my wish list but unfortunately it fits very boxy around the entire body and is uncomfortably tight around the arms .
 The arm holes are way too small . It looks and feels cheap . The one good thing is that it is thin enough to wear under a dress coat .
 The arm holes are way too small . It looks and feels cheap . The one good thing is that it is thin enough to wear under a dress coat .
 This was on my wish list but unfortunately it fits very boxy around the entire body and is uncomfortably tight around the arms .
 It has very cheap look . Seems like those kinds of 99c stuff.The bond is not very comfortable . I am surprised that it ca n't directly detect heartbeat from wrist . I would n't buy it if saw it at real stores .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Terrible design to incorporate this lens into a mask . It is the most user-unfriendly system I 've ever seen . It takes an hour to replace the lens . That 's with tools . I do n't know how long it would take if you tried to do it the recommended way . Also , lenses are limited to a 1 year lifespan and must be replaced every time you are shot within 10 feet . Buy a mask that does not require such effort .
 Do not even try ... horrible costumer service trying to return this item . Finally contacted by a very rude person that kept on lying to me about their attempts to contact me . They finally did once I filed claim .
 if I have choice not to rate I wont give even a star ! I ordered the coat and others , fews days later , I recevied all of the items I orderd EXCEPT this coat.Then amazon sent me a e-mail written in `` Due to a lack of availability , we will not be able to obtain the following item -LRB- s -RRB- from your order : `` Marmot Men 's Guides Down Hoody , Green Pepper/Midnight Green , Large `` We 've canceled the item -LRB- s -RRB- and apologize for the inconvenience . `` if you dont have the coats , why you sell them ? it 's winter time , I wait for this give it to my father , then after few days waiting , I heve to reorder other for my father , so ridiculous .
 When are you going to ship my order ? I did order two days ago . It is very cold outside . I appreciate your quick response for my order !! Thanks .
 This jacket was insanely warm and I enjoyed it but the feathers were constantly sticking out of the seams . Too bad because it was incredibly warm , like , sweating while hiking in the winter warm .
 I bought an NFL Crystal Freezer Mug . After using it daily for one week , I opened the freezer to take it out and found a BIG JAGGED CRACK around the top and down the middle of the logo on one side . It appears that the substance inside had expanded too much and caused it to `` explode '' .
 Gave it to my grandson . He loved it but after 1 week it cracked wnet he had just taken it out of freezer : -LRB-
 The arm holes are way too small . It looks and feels cheap . The one good thing is that it is thin enough to wear under a dress coat .
 This was on my wish list but unfortunately it fits very boxy around the entire body and is uncomfortably tight around the arms .
 My husband and I had ordered the Minn Kota `` Vanishing Prop '' -LRB- or so we believed -RRB- , as it was pictured above the item # . What arrived was a solid black prop , not the smoke/clear deep cup `` vanishing prop '' we thought we 'd ordered . Very disappointed , will keep the prop ; as it will do as a `` back up '' . Will order the `` Vanishing Prop '' from another site/source . Unacceptable business deal , will NOT use this seller again .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 GOOD NEWS : This is a great `` Frisbee-replacement . '' It weighs less for younger hands and travels far . And there are many spaces in between the fabric for little fingers to catch it -- so its more satisfying to play with.BAD NEWS
 I bought htis mat thinking it would be great , it is a well known name brand of quality yoga products . Well , my first class using this mat was horrible . It is the most slippery mat you could ever imagine . Downward dog is the most challenging with this mat because your hands slip forward at record speeds ! I had to adjust my hands so much that I eventually used one of the gym 's mats over this one . You can get a great work out with this mat becasue of the amount of time you spend adjusting yourself . For the price you would think it would be a nice mat . I ended up buying a WONDERFUL mat by Nike for $ 19 , its made with antislip material and comes in great colors ! I recommend the Nike mat or any other mat than this one !
 then this is for you . I ca n't stay in downward dog without my hands and feet slipping from under me . The mats at my gym do n't do this . I 'm going to have to buy one of those . This Gaiam mat is well-cushioned so if you want to just sit or lay down on it , then it probably is sufficient for you .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 The material stretched in a very brief time so that we were then sleeping in divits ; adding more air did not alleviate the problem .
 These are very uncomfortable mattresses . The mattress sinks in the middle and when laying on it you can feel every dimple and valve . I added more air and it did not get any better . I had stacked two mattresses on top of each other to get some height off the floor during my bedroom remodel . I tried sleeping on one mattress right on the floor , thinking it required more solid support underneath , still uncomfortable . I tried to sleep on it different ways before giving up and going back to my single air mattress . I guess that I just lost the money on this purchase , because my 30 days are up . This is no fault of Amazon because all of my other purchases have been super !
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This is not a compression short . There is no stretch at all to the fabric and it runs a bit small . I was completely disappointed .
 I bought this for siphoning gas from my gas powered garden tools and generator . It looked better than the cheap squeeze bulb type sold in the automotive stores . Boy was I wrong . I took it out of the package . The tubing was thick walled and fairly good quality and the pump looked pretty good too . I was impressed but not for long . First , the hose was coiled up in the package so it had several kinks that I could not get out . I tried using a hair dryer to warm the tubing and left a long Phillips screwdriver inside to hold the kinked part open . No good . I had to cut about 8 '' off each piece of tubing to make it useable . That was okay because the tubing was sufficiently long . I started to siphon gas the first time . It seemed to work okay . Two quick pumps started the flow . About a minute or so into the siphoning , gas started pouring out of the pump section . The seals must be made of something that the gas was able to eat through . Besides making a mess , I probably contaminated the gas . Not good for a product that specifically says you can use it for gas . The only good part was I was wearing nitrile gloves so I did n't get gas all over my hands .
 Ordered to use as a siphon for water , but we ended up returning it . The item arrived smelling like gasoline ; either a strong solvent is used in manufacturing , or perhaps it had been used for gasoline and returned previously ? Regardless , it was a poorly made piece of plastic from unknown vendor in China . We tried a test with water , but it was a poor siphon . Do not waste your time or money . This item was less effective than simply taking a small piece of tygon tubing and a hand bulb or other priming method as a siphon . We did not test its ability to inflate but , judging from the low quality plastic parts , that is probably as poor as its ability to siphon .
 This pumped water barely adequately for 10 minutes , then started leaking at the seams until 5 minutes later when it was too leaky to pull water .
 The yoga block that was sent to me was NOT a Gaiam yoga block , but some generic block , about half the width of a genuine Gaiam product . Working on getting in touch with the seller to remedy this situation and hopefully it will not cost me the price of return shipping .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This is not a compression short . There is no stretch at all to the fabric and it runs a bit small . I was completely disappointed .
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This is not a compression short . There is no stretch at all to the fabric and it runs a bit small . I was completely disappointed .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Too big , ... Much thicker than it looks . Does n't have capability of stopping second hand for accurate set . Not as accurate as a quartz battery watch . Poor investment .
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This is not a compression short . There is no stretch at all to the fabric and it runs a bit small . I was completely disappointed .
 I bought this set for a flag football program , it says quantity of 3 , but you only get 12 belts and 24 flags . The product description says this but saying it is a quantity of 3 I figured you get 3 entire sets , but you do n't !!!
 The items has a tacky dirty feel . Something is missing from the pump . The packaging was askew . I have to ask was this item returned previously ?
 In my opinion the suit is not true to size . I have tried on many suits in my size and they all fit with the exception of this one . Had to return it for another style .
 The manual say some functions that the computer dont have . i follow the steps 10 times and i cant see burn calories i cant see temp and others : -LRB-
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This is not a compression short . There is no stretch at all to the fabric and it runs a bit small . I was completely disappointed .
 The ball is actually oval and not round making it difficult to do some of the exercises on the video . I 'm actually going to order a different balance ball . Also , it took FOREVER to blow it up with the pump that was included .
 I bought this ball after I tried a Danskin fitness ball that turned out to be oval instead of round . This ball is NOT 65cm ! After using the tiny hand pump for 10 minutes I opted for my air compressor pump - I do n't know how full you are supposed to make this ball , but I filled it up until very taught , and it 's about 1/2 the size of my other Danskin 65cm ball . I 'm returning it . Still looking for a good ball ...
 I ordered 4 of them and just received them . I should say they are with good quality however I just do n't know why they are so little to handle . They are too small to use and I ca n't use it conveniently with this kind of size . I should say they are not worth of the price .
 I do n't know what others are looking for but I did n't find what I had hoped for in these shorts . The fabric is stiff , almost rough rather than supple . The crotch has a 2 - 2 1/2 '' inset that is unsightly and the seam in the back is folded over at the waistband , and sewn down . Poor workmanship . Also , the waistband is the kind used on men 's underwear , which makes the shorts look like an undergarment . Return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts .
 I ordered a large which I usually wear and when it arrived , the fit was nothing what I expected for compression shorts so I returned it for a medium and still there 's no compression . I am not happy with them .
 I use these type of shorts for biking . They are OK but will not be getting another pair . This is due to the uncomfortable waistband and they are a bit too short for my needs . A shame because price is better than other brands . It would have been nice if the inseam length was mentioned in the ad . No problems with shipment from this supplier - arrived within a few days of order .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I bought this chair about 5 years ago and really loved it until it threw me off one day . The metal brace that holds the ball weakened where it connects to the chair and sheared off throwing me and the ball down onto the concrete floor . Fortunately I was n't seriously injured , but did have a huge bruise for weeks around my sacrum and tail bone . I have since had a steel brace made to replace the broken one , but do n't feel as confident as before.If you decide to purchase this chair , remember to sit directly on the top of the ball . I think I was probably sitting a little forward which made me roll off more easily . Perhaps I had the ball inflated too much which may have weakened the brace . I also got tired of constantly unlocking the wheels and cut off the little switch thing on each one and since this happened , I have not felt comfortable using the back rest either.I would recommend that the company make the ball well a little deeper and the metal brace stronger or placed differently.I hope I 'm the only one this has happened to as the fall was quite painful . I will purchase another chair but from a different company as it truly does help my back when I spend time at the computer , but am looking carefully at the designs .
 i got this chair end of march . it is not good as other reviewed.today i tried to pump the ball . it did n't work . cheap stuff . do n't waste your money .
 I will preface this review by saying that balance balls are great to use for exercise and can definitely improve the strength and endurance of your postural muscles.However , turning a balance ball into a chair is not the logical extension of the concept anymore than turning a wrist weight into a watch that you wear all day is . Just because it helps you if you do it for a little while does n't mean you should do it for an extended period of time.If you are up-to-date on your postural information , you know that there is no `` ideal '' sitting posture . The ideal one is the one you are n't in , meaning that you should change your sitting posture frequently in order to avoid overworking muscles . The 90 degree hips , knees , and ankles is a myth.How many sitting postures does this chair allow ? Pretty much one . Now let 's take a look at it . It does look like good posture to sit upright with a slight arch in your low back and your chest up , rather than slumped , but what is the effect on your body if you maintain this posture for more than 15 minutes?The primary muscles keeping your torso upright are your hip flexors . These tend to already be tight and short in people who sit around all day at work . You can add overactive to that list if you start using this chair for long periods of time . The psoas -LRB- the main hip flexor -RRB- muscle attaches to the lumbar spine and whenever the muscle activates , it pulls down on it . This causes increased pressure on the discs in your lumbar spine . This is not good for long periods of time . In addition , your other postural muscles will get overused from sitting in this chair and not being able to change position.In conclusion , I do recommend balance balls but I do n't recommend balance ball chairs unless they are used for short periods of time -LRB- but then you might as well just do exercises on a balance ball -RRB- .
 I bought this chair 2012 , for my office since im sitting for 7hrs . I was super excited to get it . when i did the pump was broken , no big deal i used an electric pump i have for air mattress . The BALL is super small not at all the size it looks like on the computer or the manual ... Im so disappointed i would return it but wrote my name on it already so people at work would not steel it . This chair is made for a 5 yr old . not sure what im gon na do .
 It was too hard to sit on . I eventually got rid of it . It was n't tall enough for me to sit on at my desk as I had hoped .
 I did n't realize there would be a 52 cm ball with this . As I am 5 ' 3 '' , it puts me too low to the ground next to standard desk . I got a bigger ball , 72 cm , but now the back part of the chair is unreachable , and therefore unusable . I love sitting on a secured yoga ball , but I can put the bigger ball in a laundry basket for the same effect and that costs a lot less .
 I ca n't get the pump that comes with the ball to put enough pressure to actually blow up the ball to full size . Since the opening is so large , it 's impossible to use a tire pump to take the place of the hand pump . Maybe I 'd like the product if I could get it to the point that I can test it out .
 I just put my chair together and the ball is significantly smaller than the one pictured on the site . It does n't touch the backrest or the front constraint and it is about 5 inches shorter than the one pictured . I feel like I am sitting on the ground and the ball is not held in place very easily . A lady in my office has the exact same chair and same brand but her ball is a lot bigger than the one I received . I would still love to find a ball chair but am at a loss of where to look , this is the second one I have ordered and received with a ball that is too small . I took pictures of my chair and did a side by side comparison with the one featured on the site and would love to upload it but am unable to .
 I ordered a blue ball chair from Amazon it is perfect . the ball is correct . I ordered a second one in green for my second daughter . The ball is still from Gaiam and it is green but it is tiny ! It is so small it does n't fill the base she is so low to the ground it will not work at her desk ! How can a company fill the order with tow totally different products . One correct and one wrong . we are totally disappointed !
 I wanted to return this item but missed the window to do so . We put the chair together and realized that this chair was much top short to be used at a typical desk . I immediately put it at my desk and knew that this chair would not work . I have a standard desk so it is not the issue of the desk being taller than normal . Measure your desk before ordering . Also , the nuts that hold the ball rest onto the chair were the wrong size .
 To be honest , the ball chair quality is ok . But the hand pump is of terrible quality . It was broken -LRB- air leakage -RRB- in the original package . I borrowed my friend 's pump -LRB- same product but he 's luckier to have a good pump -RRB- and spent quite some time to inflate the ball . Not easy job.When I issued a return request on Amazon , I was asked to return the whole product ... which means I have to deflate the ball and disassemble the chair ! I gave up . the seller should expect this kind of situation and give a `` pump return option `` What if I got a broken screw . Do I have to return the whole heavy chair ? WTF . so frustrating.I do n't recommend anyone to buy this thing online .
 The chair was very small and unfortunately the ball was not even big enough to fill up the bottom of the chair it rolled around . I sit on a balance ball all day at work already so I thought this chair would be great so I could turn from side to side at my desk with no worry off falling over :-RRB- , however when I received the item and took it out of the box I was very very disappointed , the ball that came with the chair was maybe the size of a regular basketball so it did n't even fill the entire bottom of the chair up . Very unhappy and will not be ordering another item from them
 The chair is very uncomfortable , and hurt my back so back it went . There is a reason why you do n't see too many of these in office settings . Amazon provided great customer service .
 Intrigued by this product I had a lengthy chat with a Gaiam representative because I am short -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- and not very heavy , and wanted it as a desk chair . I was assured that staff at Gaiam of my size used the chair at their desks and were comfortable . I bought it and after a short period am looking for a replacement . Even propping the `` balance ball '' up with a firm pillow underneath -LRB- an unsightly solution that needs constant adjustment -RRB- my hands are still too low for comfortable use of my computer keyboard . Might be ok if you are around 5 ' 5 '' or higher , but if you are small , I definitely advise against this for a functional chair requiring access to desk-high functions , and I believe Giaim ought to say something about this in their ads and through their phone reps.
 I can not rate how this chair actually works because I did not get that far . The chair comes with a thin metal rod with threads at each end that is designed to be bolted to the body of the chair . I presume this metal rod is a key safety feature to the chair to hold the ball on the base . There are four nuts provided with the chair that are supposed to be used to secure the rod to the chair housing . Unfortunately , not one of the nuts would screw onto the rod . They were too small or possibly the paint job on the rod made the treads too thick for the nuts to screw onto . Not even using a wrench other than the flimsy one would allow the nuts to screw onto the rod . I am returning the chair tomorrow .
 This product is a great idea and I would love a ball to sit on as an alternative to a chair . However , the ball that came with this is ridiculously small and does n't come above a bar that 's designed to keep a bigger ball in place . As a result , it 's impossible to sit on . Does n't look at all like the picture -LRB- ball is about half the size -RRB- . Seems like others have this problem as well . Perhaps you 'll get the correctly sized ball . Perhaps not . Roll the dice if you like .
 We bought this for Father 's day for my husband . Like the chair but the ball it comes with is too small . It 's way to short to use with a standard office desk . Now we will have to buy an additional larger ball so we can use it with the desk .
 After sitting on a true yoga ball for 3 years as my office chair the Balance Ball Chair sounded like a fancy upgrade for my new job , but I was disappointed . The quality of the product was fine , assembly was easy and it looked fine . But the base that the ball sits defeats the idea that you must use your abdominals to balance because it is completely stable . The rollers do n't work very well on carpet and the wheels get locked very easy which makes motion even more awkward . I have returned the ball chair and am back to my yoga ball.Also , if you are tall , I would not recommend the balance ball chair . It says that is good for people up to 6 ' -0 '' but I am 5 ' -10 '' and it is very short . The exercise book that comes along with the chair has exercises that are only possible if you are 5 ' -2 '' or shorter .
 I had this chair but switched to using a plain ball which was more comfortable . The chair and the ball were too short and did n't move easily . When I bought it they just had the black ball option and the whole chair was too small . The `` backrest '' was n't doing anything.I ended up buying another -LRB- larger -RRB- ball . Even though it fit into the chair it was just easier , more comfortable and less hassle using a large ball by itself than using the chair . The plastic is cheap and the wheels do n't move . The issue I found with all balls -LRB- in or out of a chair frame -RRB- , is that standard desks can be too high -LRB- perhaps more so if you are a short person -RRB- and height adjust-ability is very limited with a ball chair . I ended up getting a desk where I could vary the height .
 I was really excited about this chair when I got it . Initially it was very comfortable . You feel `` all yoga '' because of the chair and are sitting upright and gently bouncing up and down . Very cool.Then the novelty fades a little and you lean back . WAY back because the back rest is way back there . And it 's very low . So you scoot your butt back against the seat back . Now you 're not really in the `` proper '' sitting position anymore . Then you lean back as people in chairs do . Here 's where the problems begin.As the chair 's back is so flimsy , you really ca n't lean back against it or it will bend . Permanently . It 's nothing but hollow thin plastic without any type of reinforcement and is only connected at the base by two knobbed screws . Leaning against the back simply has too much leverage force and it wo n't be long before your seat back is moving farther and farther away from the ball . It becomes utterly useless quickly and WILL actually crease after a single `` good '' leaning backwards . It SERIOUSLY needs to be reinforced by metal or much thicker plastic must be used . AND the back still NEEDS to be higher and come more forward.The bottom line is that if you want a yoga ball chair , just use a yoga ball . Get a bigger one to match the height of the Gaiam chair 's . Or , if you like the size of the ball and that it 's on casters , do n't use the back . You very well could fall right over backwards . I did that early on because I just did n't think the back was so far back . You just lean back and whammo , right on your back and I hope you have carpet like I did or you could crack your head open.Use a big ball or remove the back or get a real chair . Just do n't use it as is .
 I had been sitting on a yoga ball for the last 6 months but I really wanted to order the Gaiam Balance Ball Chair . After sitting just on the yoga ball , the Gaiam Balance Ball Chair did not work as good . I would recommend just getting the ball and skipping the chair .
 I purchased the ball chair with the 55 cm ball , the only size I found available through Amazon . It was advertised to fit someone 5 ' to someone 5 ' 11 '' . Being 5 ' 2 '' I can not reach my standard office deskwhen sitting in my new chair . I was told I look like a munchkin behind my desk . It seems unreasonable to hae to purchase another $ 30.00 ball
 I have an L4-5 rupture and it is difficult to find a chair I can use for any extended period of time . I gave this a try for a few hours , based on the recommendations of others . The next day I could barely walk ... For my type of back problem , this chair is not a good choice . I have put it out for my children to use , who find it a fun chair for video games , so all is not lost .
 I 'm mostly disappointed with Gaiam 's customer service . The ball that came with my chair was NOT the same ball in all of the photos . It was more like a glorified beach ball and the chair was nowhere near high enough to reach any of the desks in my office . I took the tiny ball out and inserted my friend 's Gaiam ball which is bigger and it works very well and I really love it ! I wrote Gaiam days ago asking if they would exchange the ball for me but they have yet to respond so now I have to go SPEND MORE MONEY and get the proper ball . Such a disappointment and more trouble than I should have to go through .
 Do n't buy a this item USED . The ball did not hold air and the pump broke . The base is great so I purchased another ball . Now it is quite comfortable .
 I purchased the `` chair ? '' for my daughter to use in her office.She does n't like it at all . It is uncomfortable , it sits too low , not adjustable and overall a waste of money.I guess that you live and learn . No more purchases for me with-out seeing and trying out a product . Bye-bye any future buys from the internet !!!!!! Yours Unhappily , John Gustave
 the item is defective . I received no invoice or any papers to tell me how to return it to you . the pump does not work for the ball , air escapes and I can not inflate the ball to the needed height . also the back support -LRB- or whatever it is is not secure -RRB- . I am very dissatisfied and want to return the item . I had no way to contact anyone as there was no invoice in the package at all.Please contact me ASAP.Thanks , Barbara McLaughlin
 I bought this chair as a gift for my husband . He put the chair together but he has n't used it since he constructed it 4 months ago . I am thinking about taking it apart and selling it again . The reviews for the chair seemed like a great ergonomic solution to back problems and too much sitting in the office . However , at 6 ' 2 '' the chair just does n't work for him . The ball also seems extremely small , even for me at 5 ' 4 '' . Reviews that I read said that with wear the ball would stretch out and would allow more air to inflate the ball and increase it 's size ... but we have n't even gotten that far since no one wants to sit on it . Looks cool in the picture , but looks cheap in real life .
 I purchased this chair a couple weeks ago and I wished I would n't have spent the money . Not worth it . I believe it would be better if the plastic pieces were solid instead of hollow . That would make it more durable and longer lasting .
 Despite the description that this is suitable for heights between 5 ' 5 '' and 5 ' 11 '' , when I assembled it and fully inflated the ball , it was about 4 inches too low to use on a standard sized desk -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- . You 'll need at least a 65 '' ball , maybe bigger , for this to be a usable desk chair .
 So disappointed in this item . I have used a balance ball and thought owning one for a chair would be awesome but there was a major flaw with my chair and I am returning it today . The bar which is suppose to hold the ball in place comes with 4 hex nuts and they do not fit on the bar . I sent an email to Gaiam for help several days ago and they have never answered my email , I also called them and they were not helpful just basically told me to try harder to get the nuts on the bar and neither my husband or I were able to get them to go on , they are too small to fit and I find it hard to believe that anyone could get them on the bar . My experience with this company is they do n't care that there is a problem with the chair . Glad that Amazon is great with returns .
 I purchased this after my coworker bought one . I got it and the bag is not the same one as hers . It is so small it does not even fit in the chair . I am not ordering another one either because I am not going through the hassle of the return if the ball is once again incorrect . After reading many reviews for this product , it seems it has happened to quite a few other people . How can a company package so many products with the wrong item ??
 When I purchased this item , i was excited and couldnt wait for it to get here . When it arrived , it did n't last two mins before I had it unpacked and being put together . -LRB- The chair I have right now is NOT comfortable -RRB- So I get the base together and all is good in the world until I begin pumping up the ball . First off , the pump provided was worthless . Second , the ball that was included was really small . I read the instructions , figured when it told me to pump up the ball and let it sit and relax the material for a few days that things would be fine and it would expand more . I waited almost a week , tried to pump it up more and got no give in the ball 's material . I figured it was just the pump that came with it so I went and purchased an electric pump and gave it another shot . STILL NO GIVE in the material . The ball could possibly be used by a child , but even with the base , there is no way it would work for my desk . Im really sad it did n't work out . I guess I will just try a bigger ball with no base once I get my refund for returning this item .
 My chair was received without all of the parts . I was told that I could send back the chair and get a refund . Keep the chair -LRB- that I ca n't put together -RRB- at a 10 % discount . Or send the chair back and get a new one in 3-5 weeks . It only took me 2 weeks to get it the first time . Instead of offering service -LRB- free expedited shipping , faster delivery , etc -RRB- , I got customer service agents regurgitating computer automated responses . The chair may be nice when it 's put together , but I would n't know .
 I bought the chair in mid-December it is now mid-January . It is very comfortable and good for my posture . The only issue I have -- IT STINKS!I keep the ball on my porch when not in use . After contacting Gaiam I was told to wait another month and if it still smelled they would replace it . Currently I ca n't use it for more than a half hour without feeling queasy . I am going to stick it out a couple more weeks and see if the smell subsides .
 The chair does not slide easily and the ball is too small for sitting at a desk . I had to replace the ball with a larger size to use it . With the ball replaced it is comfortable and useful . But it should n't take all of this to make it work !
 As a fan of the stability ball for exercising , I was hopeful that this chair would relieve or help prevent my back pain at work . It did help me maintain a better posture , however the cheap plastic of the chair is so squeaky that it is very annoying to those around me in the office . Also , the ball ruins the fabric on my skirts and dress pants . I think it must be pinching the fabric whenever I move or get up as the rubber stretches .
 You need to be at least 5 ' 8 '' for this chair to work the proper way , For your legs to be at a 90 degree angle they recommend . No other ball size is available and I contacted Gaiam about the problem but they just said it 's not for everyone ! Also the ball is very HOT to sit on for any length of time . Good luck with it if you try .
 I have hip and knee problems and was experiencing some discomfort in my regular office chair so I decided to give the balance ball chair a try . Personally , it caused an increase in my pain specifically in my hips and lower back . I think the problem may be the back support bar , which as another reviewer mentioned , is removable . I have been using just a plain large balance ball as my chair the past few weeks and like it much better , so you might want to give that a try before you purchase the whole chair get-up .
 I received the product in an appropriate amount of time , but am sorely disappointed with the chair . It sits too low to use comfortably at my computer and offers no muscle toning while I sit on it b/c you automatically recline on the lumbar support bar . Its not comfortable and hurts my hips when I get up . Plus the bar extends out well past the ball , and therefore my legs are always backed up against the cold metal . And yes , I got the larger of the 2 balls . Great concept though !!!
 This chair is a good idea but it sits much too low to be used at a desk . The ball is way too small . I had to return the chair .
 I am disappointed because I have not been able to sit in the chair . I ca n't screw the nuts onto the support bar ; the nuts are too small . I could n't even fit them on using a `` grown-up '' pair of pliers . Is there a way to get replacement nuts without having to return the whole chair ? Thank you .
 I ordered this because my vein doctor uses it in his office and loved it . I was excited to get it . Problem was it arrived in a very battered box ... and upon opening it , I discovered it was missing parts as it apparently was a return and no one checked it before sending it out . The seller refunded my money as soon as it got the item back and apologized for the lack of checking returned items .
 was shipped and received within a 2-week period , it was easy to assemble , all of the components seem sturdy , having the wheels to get around was a huge plus over the stationary exercise ball ; however , the ball was too small for me .
 There was no pump ... the write-up had that was a pump in the box but none was there soon Christmas morning there was no chair as it could not be assembled. : -LRB- Gaiam Balance Ball Chair
 I have seen this balance ball chair so when I opened the box I was expecting it to be big . Instead it is child size . Nowhere did it give the size and I did n't know they came in a small size . This is for a child.I need to return it . Also the box had been opened and resealed it was not brand new .
 I purchased this chair hoping to strengthen my abs and back to alleviate recurring low back pain . Unfortunately , it has actually made the problem worse . It seemed like a logical thing to do at the time
 I bought one chair a short while ago and it 's already scraped . Totally uncomfortable , back-breaker and useless . A large or extra-large ball without the chair is a million time more useful and healthier for the spine and whole body , than this medieval torture contraption . Recommended only for masochistic yogis !
 I would n't recommend this chair . After using it for a few months I ended up with a low back injury . You have to stay engaged the entire time you use the chair . Never slouch . If you have a weak back avoid this chair or any balance ball as a chair .
 I have not been as happy with this product as I thought I would be . It is difficult to sit down and it puts my hips in an uncomfortable position . Sitting on this chair feels rather precarious and I do n't find it to be a relaxed way to sit .
 This item is not big enough for adults , it is for a child . The pamphlet that comes with it shows a different sized chair and ball that does fit adults . This item is totally misrepresented . And a larger ball does not fit correctly on the chair base with the back in place . An adult can not do the exercises nor sit up high enough to utilize this product as advertised . The chair is very unsafe on a non carpeted surface , it will fly out from underneath you if you do not have the 2 wheel locks set . Note that even with the wheel locks set the chair can still roll .
 This is the biggest piece of junk I ever had the misfortune to own . The ball does not stay firm , the frame is plastic , and I had worse back problems after I used the chair than before . Do n't waste your money .
 One of my coworkers had one of these chairs and I really liked it so ordered one . When it came it had the small balance ball in the kit and not the medium ball which is required to properly fill out the base of the chair and give you proper height . The product picture shows the chair with the medium ball . The small ball they sent is pretty laughable . I called the customer service number I found online . I got someone in the Phillipines and we had difficulty communicating due to the accent . He told me he would send me out a new chair but when it came , it was exactly the same with a small balance ball which will not work in the chair . Now , I will have to call him back and get a return label to send the chair back . I have decided to keep the first chair since I have a medium balance ball that will work , but the price of the chair includes a ball . Very disappointed .
 This chair is tiny , not sure who the target audience is for this product or its use . I think this must be for children to use on a small play table . I ordered the leg extenders but I am not that optimistic . Probably better off just buying a normal pilates ball and calling it a day . The ball that comes with this is about 25 % the size of the orginal pilates ball . This picture is deceiving .
 i read so many rave reviews using exercise ball as a chair to improve your posture . so i decided to give this a try . i was looking for a desk chair and even tho this was out of my price range , i decided to get it anyway thinking it will be worth the money to improve my health.when i got it , it was a lot smaller than i thought , i found myself slouching more because of it . it 's very hard to sit more than 10 mins on it because of lack of comfort . it also stuck to my clothing and i could n't readjust it easily so i ended up putting a tower over it to counter this problem of rubber on clothes . i knew it would take some time for me to get comfortable on it so this review is n't coming from just one time use or anything . i didnt have any trouble `` falling off '' or losing `` balance '' since i have excellent balance , i waited about 2 weeks for me to see any sign of improvement of comfort or posture but it never happened.this chair is just NOT worth the trouble and money . it is uncomfortable , big and chunky , the ball is smaller than you 'd imagine , and it doesnt help you fix posture . you are just better off with a regular chair then putting a small pillow on the back so you 're not slouching your back . i really think people who saw any improvement is solely psychological . they think it 's better for them so it helped them improve posture . in reality , there are better and cheaper way to improve posture .
 I was completely dissapointed in this chair . It is so very small that I who am 5 ' 7.5 could no write at my desk comfortably it was too low . I agree with the other reviewer get a bigger ball and use it that 's what i am planning on doing once i return this chair .
 I imagined myself gleefully bouncing along on my ball chair day in and day out . Reality was far less appealing . First , I always felt like I ended up slouching , vice the promised good posture . While I am certain I burned extra calories during the day , fighting to stay on my chair was n't my idea of &#34; exercise &#34; at all . The back on this chair , which is really a misnomer considering the fact that it does n't function like a chair back , broke after I leaned on it ... which was both difficult and uncomfortable.Best of luck to anyone that feels the need to try this . In theory I think it is a good idea , I 'm just not sure how reasonable it is in application . I switched back to a normal chair at work and gave this to my son .
 I have a lot of friends who have this chair and love it , but my broke before I could even sit in it . The wheel broke in half . I returned this chair because I felt it was a little cheaply made .
 I ordered the Gaiam Balance Ball based on all of the positive reviews that were posted . I got the product , was so excited . Put together within minutes . Pumped the air in the exercise ball and knew immediately that I was not going to be able to reach my desk easily , if at all . Would not recomment unless purchasing at a store where you can see the product.Balance ball
 Wow , judging by all of the previous raving reviews , I guess I must be from another planet . I absolutely hated this chair . Very uncomfortable . Increased my neck pain and caused back pain . Also my butt was sore after sitting on this thing for more than 15 minutes AND my legs felt cramped . My son , who also spends many hours each day at his computer did n't like this chair either . My wife said it made her legs uncomfortable . This baby is being shipped back for a refund !
 If you see the girl in the Picture at the desk it looks nice but , to a normal desk your seting on the ground and your head is all thats over top the desk , so if you like type with your hands over your head its fine .
 This was actually a workout to put together -- the instuctions were pretty vague & I ended up using a different pump to pump the ball up . The hand pump was very slow & since I suffer from carpel tunnel syndrom the foot pump that I had worked much better.While the chair feels comfortable , I have found that I need to build my time up on it slowly . After having back pain , I decided to limit the use to an hour a day & gradually build up the time . I now use it until my back , my feet or my thighs start hurting . I 'm up to an hour and a half at a time after two weeks.I may be more cautious than most ; I started using a balance ball for a chair two years ago & then developed plantar facitis because of the stress that I ended up unwittingly putting on my feet.I 'll keep trying to build the time up , but I think there should be some warnings about taking it slow .
 I am disappointed with this product . I am a Pilates instructor and know the benefits of this chair for back issues , posture and the like . I am 5 feet 3 inches and with the chair assembled it is soooooo low to the floor I have had to place a large bed pillow under the ball to make it the appropriate height -LRB- knee to hip alignment -RRB- I wish there was a way to adjust the heigth . It is fine now but inconvenient .
 The chair was way too short for my desk at work , which is a standard office desk . The ball deflated pretty quickly , and when I tried to use the included pump , it broke . I returned the chair .
 I am a grad student and spend a lot of time at my desk . I tried this product during finals and it was just as hard on my back as any office chair ever was . It also hurt my hips because there was less give than if it had been placed on the ground . I tried alternating between this chair and other ones to give my back a rest and to try to adjust to hardness of the ball . It continued to pain me , so I returned it . If you 're into the idea of sitting on a balance ball to improve your posture or strengthen your core , just get a big ball . This product 's height is problematic because it works against all the benefits of sitting on a ball
 I bought it because I have back problems , but it ended up filling up space and hardly ever being used . I should have known the difference between `` I want it '' and `` I really need it '' . The ball deflates , one of the brakes broke off -LRB- even though it has not been used much -RRB- ... I also do not like the cheap plastic finish , it clashes with my much nicer furniture.I have just sat on it to try it again , but the back support is not very comfortable and it moves if you lean on it , but I will admit that it does prevent me from slouching.Update
 I am in Afghanistan and ordered this chair in an attempt to help me with the back pain caused by 15-16 hour days here at work . I received the chair three days ago and unfortunately am unable to use it . The ball is half the size as the photos depicted here on Amazon and also on the box/instructions that I received . I wish I could take a photo and upload it . The instructions indicate that I was supposed to give it 24-48 hours and allow the ball to relax so I could inflate it more . I did so and it still is n't big enough to fill the space provided and therefore be used . Because I am in Afghanistan , it 's not easy to just rush right down to the post office to send it back . I thought about trying to just order a replacement ball but am afraid to spend another $ 20 - $ 30 and have that be a waste as well after I just wasted $ 80 on the chair . Highly disappointed that I have this $ 80 piece of junk just sitting here alongside my desk collecting dust .
 I had a temporary office job where the only chairs available were these . At first I was excited because I 've heard about these and very much wanted to try it . After using this product daily for 6 months you could n't pay me to sit on one now . I soon found myself slouching worse than ever to compensate for the complete lack of back support . Just sit up straight in your normal chair and you 'll be fine . Oh , and it 's a cheap , plastic , poorly designed thing that should cost about $ 15 . All four wheel locks were broken and do n't expect yours to last long .
 I just purchased this chair to replace a balance ball that i have been using as a desk chair for about a year . Frankly , i prefer the real thing . The ball without the chair ` frame ' gives me more mobility , is more comfortable and is cheaper . For my money , i 'd skip the frills and just sit on your ball . One caution , you do need to be mindful when you get up and down as you seat can/will fly out from under you at times . Makes life interesting ! -LRB- - :
 EXTREMELY BAD !!! I got two boxes of these and every one was dented or broken . These are the worst balls i have ever seen . Spend 5 more bucks and just get nicer ones
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I brought this for my boyfriend and we had seen it elsewhere and the quality was fantastic but when I received it in the mail from Foot Locker the material was not that of a sweater but more of a cheap jersey . It looks good from far away but up close ... . not so good .
 I ignored other reviews that referred to this smell problem , thinking that there are people on the Internet community that just are complainers.OK , add me to the list , I have had this ball for 60 days , I have washed it with warm water and soup , I have left it outside under the sun to get rid of the smell to no avail . My purpose for writing this review is for you the reader to take the review feed back seriously . I take a lose on this one . Amazon is not at fault here , this is just a poor Chinese manufactured product . I bet Amazon would have taken it back , had I not ignored my own judgment . What a laugh .
 Have had the ball for a month and it still smells as awful as the day when I opened the box . I do n't think the smell will go away unfortunately . Strong rubber smell that 's hard to ignore when you 're trying to work out . Video tape is ok -- nothing special . I think I wasted money on this one .
 The ball is very oily and after a month it still has that oily smell and feel to it . I have a wooden floor and it leaves oily spots on the floor , which can be very slippery if you do n't clean it right away.The workout dvd has a decent workout -LRB- the advanced one I 'm talking about , they beginner 's workout is hardly a challenge after a couple of times -RRB- .
 I purchased this a few years ago from gaiam . It was great for a couple of years . I rarely used the video and just did my own collection of moves , mostly situps and upper body raises to work on abs . The seam has now completely separated along one side , so it completely is deflated and no longer useful . Now I am online searching for another brand and thought I would post a review here . Overall , this one is good for short term , but not made to hold up .
 The DVD will not run in any of my players ... I would really like to try this work out ... but without the instructions it 's hard to do ! I 'm hoping to find another DVD to go with the ball !
 Out of the box the DVD did n't work . Gaiam said I had to send them the DVD I had before they would send me a new one . I would avoid this product and look for something else .
 The included DVD did not work . Amazon sent me a replacement kit but that DVD did n't work either . I returned them both . The I bought the kit from a Target store , and of course that DVD did n't work either ! I sent a complaint to Gaiam by email and they sent me a working DVD without the need to return anything , plus a $ 10 coupon . The workout is good but not worth the trouble .
 The video is poor quality . I ordered two ab balls and I had to return both of them .
 I 'm not interested in a partial photo of a product inside the box . I 'm baffled as to why they company selling this Abs ball only show a tiny photo of someone using it ... not large enough to get an idea how it works.Next time , actually show the item and I 'll consider spending my $ 30 on it .
 How can I write a review for this product ? I have n't received the replacement yet ! The one I initially received was dented ! So annoying ! It 'll be a while before I order something through Amazon.com again .
 I had high hopes for this product as I was hoping it would take care of a pervasive problem that I 've been having for a long time . Sadly , I can only report that the powder did n't work , it did n't keep monkeys away from my bottom . In fact , it just seemed to attract more monkeys .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I 'm a big Victorinox fan and have owned about 10 other models . I 've loved the design of them all . This model is the one exception.For the item I received , the can-opener/bottle-opener combo tool was very difficult to open and close . I actually cut my hand while closing it.Also , in my opinion , the knife is too thin for its length . This makes it difficult and uncomfortable to use . Please consider the Victorinox Swiss Army Classic SD -LRB- Silver Alox -RRB- or the Victorinox Swiss Army Cadet -LRB- Silver Alox -RRB- as alternatives.The Alox Clasic SD is just as thin ; but because it is shorter , it is better proportioned . Also , the SD 's scissors are very useful . The Cadet is a little thicker , which gives it better proportions . The Cadet is still slim enough though and it comes with more tools . All the tools on these knives where easy enough to open too . Both these tools are close in price to the Bantam too .
 In my opinion the suit is not true to size . I have tried on many suits in my size and they all fit with the exception of this one . Had to return it for another style .
 This product is NOT a Champion product . If it was n't for my son needing it this weekend , I would send it back immediately . It 's cheap quality , cheap looking , comes in a plastic bag with a `` Made in China '' tag attached . EXTREMELY disappointed . The buckle does n't even look the same as the picture . Hopefully it will last this one game , but from the feel of it , I doubt it .
 Nothing to say but very cheaply made . You can see 2 seams in random spots of belt where it was put together . Very thin too . But does the trick . On `` replacement watch '' at the moment for in game bust .
 I was shocked to discover the label on this China made belt . It says `` Warning
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I really wanted this to work , because I had worked out with resistance cords before , and this looked neat . However , I was unable to attach the handles to the cords . When you stretch the cord , it slips out of the handle . Also , the plastic clips seem really fragile and I was afraid it would break while I was testing it before I returned the product .
 Actually thank god that bolt cutters snip through this thing because if you accidentally flick your wrist a certain way while locking this bike ** the combo lock resets itself ** . Which is why I 'm sitting here writing this and my bike is no longer hostage at my area Whole Foods -LRB- I tried 30 minutes of `` one off '' number combos before running to my local hardware store , it had done this once before and I had figured out the new combo -RRB- But that really makes this bike lock $ 35.00 more expensive than listed -LRB- price of said bolt cutters -RRB- . And it also makes my bike a lot easier to steal.Guy at the hardware store who commiserated suggested kryptonite ... says they are impossible to cut and most lock with a key - just better not lose that key .
 This lock jammed the first time I used it . It took me at least ten minutes to get it to open . Even when it does n't jam , this lock is a pain to open and close because of the angle of the locking mechanism.I bought this lock at Target because it 's what they had . I should have looked at reviews before purchasing .
 My almost 3 year old son and I rode our bikes to library today and we had to walk home because this POS would not open . I know I did n't foget the combo -LRB- it is the house number I lived in for the first 22 years of my life -RRB- . The -LRB- deleted -RRB- thing is holding my son 's bike hostage at the library -- I wonder how long it will be before the library cuts it loose and the bikes are gone for good ?! Yes , I am ranting , but this lock has my kid 's bike and I am pissed !!!
 Like the other reviews here , it is vital that you avoid this lock . I went to Target looking for a U-Lock but they were to big for me so I bought this instead thinking I was getting a deal . I ca n't explain it any better than Feeling like I was wasting my money even after I bought it . Sure enough , three weeks later I lock up my bike at the public library and come back only to notice that I ca n't get the lock to open . I try WD-40 and even check online to see if I can `` hack '' the lock . I was not successful so I borrowed bolt cutters from my neighbor and could n't help but feel like a thief because several people actually watched me cut the lock and see me ride off with my own bike . On top of that , it took less than one minute to cut the cable . Do n't buy this lock !
 Worked well for a month , then one day would n't open . It was putting in the correct combination -LRB- my daughter 's birthday ! -RRB- , but no luck . I tried numbers all around that combo , nothing . Other people tried to no avail . I was stranded with a toddler , at noon , on a hot , humid day miles from home and had to wait for a friend to come with bolt cutters . He freed the bike in less than a minute , which makes me realize how flimsy this thing really is . I think the dial that is used to set the combination must have been inadvertantly turned while in my bag , causing the lock to jam . I will not trust combination locks any longer .
 It broke after about a month -- it wo n't open , so my bike is now locked to my back porch . Utterly useless !
 I bought this bike lock to use in our carport on Tuesday . Worked fine until Thursday when my son was re-locking the lock it jammed and will not come apart . I wish I knew what these thieves use to cut the cable with b/c now I have two bikes cabled together . When I get the cable cut I am returning it and will not buy another . I ca n't get a real person on the phone at PTI Sports -LRB- who manufactures it & uses Schwinn 's name -RRB- . Do not buy this product .
 This bike lock is obviously a POS . I see other people have gotten it cut - mine was broken with a hammer or something at the combination area . DO N'T BUY THIS LOCK .
 That says it all . My bike , which was not very nice , new , or valuable , but still made for a great commute , was locked up -LRB- properly -RRB- to a bike rack in front of the building where I work . This is on a very high-end-shopping street in Chicago with lots of traffic.Bam , lock was cut , bike is gone . It looks like the cable was cut with one snip . I 'll never buy a lock without an anti-theft guarantee again .
 I have owned and carefully locked my bicycle for 5 years . Two weeks ago , I purchased this Schwinn lock with my new Schwinn bike , because the brand name seemed very reputable . Two days ago , using this product to secure my bike on a rack in front of a very safe Whole Foods , the lock was picked/cable cut , and my bicycle was stolen . There were security guards and parking lot attendants and security cameras , so this lock was cut incredibly swiftly and easily.There 's good reason this product does n't have an anti-theft guarantee . For a few more dollars on your lock , you can keep from losing hundreds on your bike . Lesson learned
 I bought this lock , set a combination , and used it approximately three times until one day while my bike was locked outside the gym it suddenly would n't open with the right combo !!! I struggled with it , walked home -LRB- thankfully I do n't live that far away -RRB- watched some youtube videos on how to open one of these without knowing the combo , still no use . The lock must have internally broken , or somehow the combo changing ring got turned before I locked it -LRB- unlikely because it 's pretty hard to turn -RRB- . I ended up having to borrow someone 's large wire cutter and it took me about 3 minutes to cut through the wire . What a pile of garbage ! Stay away , you might get a `` lucky '' one like me !
 My bicycle was stolen yesterday while I used this lock . It was stolen from a high traffic area in front of tons of people so it must not have take much effort to cut through this lock . Looks like it was a single cut . Like another reviewer said , I will never buy another lock without a theft guarantee . This lock is worse than no lock at all because it gives you a false sense of security .
 I 'm really angry that I bought this lock . Sure it was cheap and so I ca n't expect good quality , but this was absurdly bad . The instructions for the `` Ez Reset Combination '' said to line up '' -- '' with the dashes on the lock housing , but there was only one problem - there were no dashes on the lock . There were zeros however . I tried this and 0000 did n't work either . You know what did work ? 0008 . WTF ? This lock sucks . Do n't they have quality control people who check for this sort of thing ? Also , the instructions were riddled with typos and grammatical errors . Sad . Do n't buy this bike lock . You can do better .
 Bike was stolen from a rack in the middle of a high school quad . They left the cut lock . Absolutely no use . Do n't trust a bike to this lock . Why ca n't I give zero stars ???
 Tonight when I got home from taking two bikes to the bike store for tune-ups -LRB- and running a few errands , which was why I locked the bikes up with this Schwinn lock -RRB- , I was going to remove the bikes from my car 's bike rack . First , I needed to unlock the Schwinn lock that was holding them together and keeping them locked to the bike rack . I put in my combo , and the lock would not open . My husband and I both tugged and pulled on it as hard as we could , to no avail . The bikes are still locked together on the bike rack on the back of my car until I can get to the hardware store tomorrow for some bolt cutters . Do n't buy this lock !!!
 I had this working for a week . One day I went to unlock the bike to ride to the store from my house and the lock was jammed . I tried WD-40 , a lighter , a flathead screwdriver a hammer and my foot . It 's been two days now and I 'm borrowing a lock cutter from my campus security to free my bike and threw this POS away ! What a WASTE ! I too should have read the reviews but I needed a lock . I had to get a U-lock on my bike to prevent anyone from stealing the bike while this lock was on it !!!!
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 The thing to remember with this volleyball set is the price - you can only expect so much for under $ 20 . This is n't a horrible set , but for me it was a frustrating one . First of all , the case that it comes in is surprisingly nice for the price ... fairly sturdy and with wheels on the bottom . In my opinion you have two choices with this set
 not satisfied with purchase , game board is not complete , it contains twoidentical pieces instead of the correct one . Was not listed in description.Would not buy from this person again .
 The slider on the cards , most of them do not work . The come out when you try to slide . They go in crooked . The slots are uneven . This is a waste of money , these cards . There is nowhere on the box about the size of the balls if you need to replace them . Not worth the nearly $ 40.00 that I paid for this product . Cheaply made . Over priced . Would not recommend to anyone .
 We love Bingo and bought this set instead of the cheaper sets . It was unusable the day it was opened due to warped bingo cards . The clear sliders that allow you to mark you card would barely move on nearly every card . A shame because the rest of the unit seemed decent . Sure , the ball cage was a bit cheap but the rest was decent . Yet another poorly built product on the market . Why not build things right and charge a bit more ?
 Bingo balls unreadable . Bingo card windows hard to open and shut . Ball numbers were etched but not blackened as shown in the picture , very , very hard to read . Bingo carboard cards were bent/warped making it hard to open/close the windows .
 After a night of Bingo with friends and family decided to make an impulse buy and purchased this item . It arrived today and the shutter cards are warped and do not work very well . The manufacturer recommended I return it to Amazon and get another . I would rather return it to get my money back as I have no idea if the next one would be any better . I should have just bought a Bingo set without shutter cards and saved some money .
 As stated by other reviewers , some of the balls were hard to read and needed to be marked with pen and ink -- I used a Sharpie . That was not a problem , just an inconvenience . The ONLY problem was that the latch to keep the balls inside the container does NOT stay closed . Without applying a twist-on and - off tie , the balls will fall out with each turn of the handle -- a shamefully poor design , especially for the price . Caveat emptor !
 I do n't think that this product was inspected before it was shipped because the wire container that holds the balls was incomplete . The hole where the balls exit was about 2 inches square , causing it to drop approximately 5 balls at once going everywhere instead of on the slot . I had to fill in the area with electrical wire.It works at 80 % now .
 The balls are not even round in some cases . One even falls threw the cage . So really not worth anything . Ended up using a free computer program online to call the balls . Do not wast your money .
 Sadly , the cards in this are very poor quality . The layers of the board are glued so tightly together that you ca n't move the sliding red covers .
 My wife was delighted to open the package , when this bingo game arrived . Within minutes , she had discovered that the door into the wire drum did not stay closed , when the drum was rotated . After picking all of the balls up off the floor , we re-packed the game and returned it.If all of these items are constructed this badly , then people will be wasting their money . Stay away from it .
 Why did n't I pay attention to the reviews I had read about this product ??? Because I thought they would have corrected the problems with the set being that people were writing them and telling them what the issues were . WRONG , stupid me ! Numbers on the bingo balls half printed and hard to read , go ahead and try to write over them , do n't use a marker it bleeds the balls are unfinished wood . The bingo cards are falling apart , we even had one that was missing a couple of the slid windows . The balls do fall out of the machine if you turn the wheel to fast and the board you put the balls in after they have been called does n't lie flat , when they put the hinges on they put them on crocked . If you buy this game set , also buy the set of 12 expansion cards , 8 of them are duplicates of the 8 you get with the set and the manufacturer and Amazon are aware of the issue , but keep selling them and will send you as many duplicate sets as you want . Nothing says fun like playing Bingo with the family and having Double Bingo 's every game . Do yourself a favor and look for a different Bingo game .
 these are pretty much the standard foosball ball but are too light . Also do n't seem to have that much control on the ball . Also the ball seems to jump on the table a lot and make a lot of noise . .
 These may be labelled `` Tournament Foosballs '' but I ca n't imagine them surviving a tournament ; they picked up visible dents after just a game or two , and we were n't hitting them especially hard . They 're also noticeably lighter than the urethane foosballs we 'd been playing with .
 I bought this hoping for a real nice rod , not so much.My wife 's 92 Centurion has a factory metal guide rod , and it feels lighter in the way of recoil . I side-by-side compared this with a bone-stock 92FS , my wife 's Centurion , and then my modded 92FS , it was not any different or better.I shot 115 grain and 124 grain 9mm loads out of this , neither had a felt difference when compared to my other test guns.Unless you really hate the plastic guide rod , save your money .
 As others have already said , this part can be a real pain to install when field stripping the pistol . When I installed the part , I had high hopes but the fit was not as exact as it could have been . The recoil spring warped a bit , and when firing the weapon the second or third round would jam in the extractor . It was easily cleared , but it made me nervous because it would be awkward to have something like this happen during a critical situation . I 've since replaced this buffer with a Fire Dragon dual-action spring ; a bit more expensive , but much better quality and so far it seems to work perfectly .
 Bushing mushrooms after 100 rounds ! If they made the bushing out of a more forgiving material it would be worth buying . But with only 100 rds . the bushing mushrooms and rubs the spring . Feeding Beretta 96 with 180gn . Federal fmj .
 I can not tell much , if any difference in the felt recoil since installing this buffer . What I mean to say is , if the difference was supposed to be drammatic , it was not . The instructions for installing it are useless . It 's a good thing I am menchanically inclined or I would have never figured out how to install it . In all fairness , it may be that I 'll have to cycle more than 50 rounds to start feeling a difference in felt recoil , but as I stated before , presently there does n't seem to be any improvement .
 This recoil is not worth the money at all . I bought this cause I wanted to reduce the recoil a bit on the 96FS , but when I got it in I was wrong . It was a pain to get in you have to really push the spring in and the washer it comes with does not go in all the way . Even when you do get the recoil buffer in the spring is not straight and every time you try to load the gun it sounds like its scratching something . I put a dummy round in first cause I hate to see what a real round does , I loaded the dummy round and it would not even go into the chamber , I dried fired it and the jam BIG TIME . It took a minute to get that round out , after that I put my stock plastic rod in and no problems . This is the worst decision I made and will not be doing that again , if you want a good rod and spring go to beretta 's website and order one from there for the same price or cheaper . This is not worth it what so ever and do your gun a favor and pick up a steel rod for it .
 These fins were way too small for a Men 's size 10 1/2 . Also ordered ladies fins for an 8 1/2 which were not noted tobe small , and even though the size range ordered covered 7 - 9 , the fins were about an inch too short of my size 8 1/2 foot .
 This croquet set has one fundamental flaw -- the balls are heavier and denser than the mallet heads . So what ? Well it means that it is very difficult to move the balls!Rather than the weight of the mallet head transferring momentum to the ball , it is the force that you put behind the swing . This leads to two major problems :1 . These are really a children 's set -LRB- only 24 '' handles which makes them a foot shorter than a `` real '' mallet -RRB- and a young child does not have the strength to play a satisfying shot .2 . On my second shot the flimsy mallet handle snapped in two !!! SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I noticed one reviewer here stated he left it in the sun and the top plastic melted . Well , I feel for him and for anyone else who leaves it in the sun . But I did n't leave it in the sun , I went riding.I live in Texas and lately the heat has been over 100f every day , usually I go out at the peak when it 's 103f-105f in the shade . The heat does n't bother me and I 'm not alone on the trails/streets with my road bike , and it keeps me conditioned to the heat . I cracked my `` good '' helmet and got this as a replacement until I can afford a better one . What a mistake.After maybe 4 days of riding with this helmet I noticed the top was wrinkling . After the 5th day the plastic literally flew off . One second it was there , the next it was on the ground behind me.I did not use any chemicals , it never got wet -LRB- except from perspiration -RRB- and there was n't even a scratch on it nor any impacts at all whatsoever ... the plastic just plain old melted , which I should have taken as a clue ... then the adhesive tape came right off.I could use gorilla-glue to put it back on , or some of the really good `` solid '' velcro that has an adhesive that wo n't mess with the actual impact shell , but jeez . I am so disappointed in the quality of the components ... and a bit worried too . Actually , really worried about the overall safety of the helmet.If the plastic melted , I 'm afraid that the actual impact shell may be compromised and not really protect my head . I do n't know what to believe but I do n't trust this helmet at all now . Who knows if the shell will do anything now if I tumble or bang my head ? There 's no standardized rating like on motorcycles -LRB- DOT or SNELL -RRB- so maybe the actual impact shell 's composition changed from the heat too , and if I fall it wo n't do it 's job , I 'll wind up with a piece of my skull on a rock , and brain dead . I refuse to trust this helmet.Listen , I 'm sure it 's fine in moderate temperatures like 60-70f , so do n't get paranoid just because of my experience and worries . But the fact is the thing melted and all I did was ride with it outdoors in the heat , never left it in the sun.I took photos and contacted Bell , we 'll see if they do anything about it . For those looking for a decent helmet and pick this one make sure you live in Northern Canada and if you do n't , maybe a white color will help . Again I ride in extreme weather conditions but nowhere did Bell state any safe temperature ranges , for that matter , so to me it 's unsafe .
 This helmet was supposed to fit an average adult head , but it barely fit my grandson 's head .
 This helmet is HUGE . I ordered this helmet for my gf , but it was too big for her . I have a pretty larger head than average but this was loose even for me . It doesnt have a dial fit in the back so you cant make it tighter than what the default size is , but it has elastic which will make it go a little larger if you have even bigger head.I dont know how the other reviewer got this fit on her/his daughter 's head.I cant really comment on the helmet quality as I havent used it , but it looked pretty ok . I returned this helmet back to amazon . Maybe I should have measured my head before ordering !!
 Left helmet outside in sun for an hour and came back ... the plastic coating that covers the helmet literally melted !!! -LRB- and this isnt even Summer in FLA -RRB- . Love the design , look , and how light it is BUT you might have to peel the plastic off your face if you are out riding in the sun for a few hours ... Unimpressed by durability of outer plastic shell . Will see if BELL will replace . To be cont ...
 Bell Adrenaline Bike Helmet is a very stranger helmet because is very big look like a alien people when i wear
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I got this bike and used it for biking to school and back and forth from friend 's houses and it was great . Over the summer I became actively involved in mountain biking and this bike failed to meet the standards I was looking for in a reliable mountain bike . The seat is n't well designed , the main frame becomes loose after too much hard riding , the shocks lock up , everything about the bike just breaks if you use it for mountain biking .
 This bike advertises that it is aluminum , and the main frame is , but the swing arm is steel and very very heavy but very very weak when it comes to lateral stability , This is due to very poor engineering of the swing arm bushing and the lateral bracing of the two sides of the swing arm . the braces on mine cracked at the welds leaving the two sides of the swingarm to float about which would cause the rear wheel to come loose from the dropouts . This is a grossly overpriced poorly constructed piece of junk .
 Poorly made product . I put this volleyball net up for a party and the aluminum poles bent -- very flimsy and did not even hold up for one night of play . Sent this item back for a refund -- Very disappointed with the quality of the product . Not worth the money .
 As a disclaimer , I was never able to ride the bike I bought from amazon b/c it came to me damaged . I 'm still writing this review though since most people who read these amazon reviews will buy from amazon , and it 's important to know how it is shipped.The box comes double-boxed , so no one knows what you bought . The bad news is that there is no `` This Side Up '' label on the outer box , like there is on the inner box , so the bike could have gotten damaged by being put in a variety of positions -- The outer box was not damaged . The bike was not properly padded for shipping . There were occasional thin pieces of cardboard taped around the frame , but these did n't prevent damage . The front is cable-tied to the frame of the bike by the forks . Everywhere that there was n't cardboard on the frame , there were major scrapes . Where there was cardboard , there were minor scrapes and the stickers were bubbling . Because the front wheel was near the front forks , some spokes were slightly bent . Finally , after all of that , the chain was stuck between the chain wheel and frame , and could not be freed.The instructions were difficult to understand -- they are for generic bike assembly , and not specific to the bike . Putting together a bike -LRB- It as my first time -RRB- with just skimming the instructions is easy to do . There are also plenty of how-to 's online with you tube videos if you need it.The good thing is that amazon took the bike back -LRB- very easy to do -RRB- , and I got a full refund 2 days after they received it . Think very hard before you buy a bike online , and be prepared to get a dud and have to get an exchange/refund .
 I am giving this bike 1 star because Amazon does n't allow anything less . If you are thinking about buying this bike , you would be better off going to a bike shop and spending 50 dollars more . The bike shops 250 dollar bike will be lighter weight , have better parts , and most of all will be more reliable . In the long run you will save money too . I guarantee that you will spend more on repairs of this bike than the initial cost at purchase . And , if you take a look at any of the other bikes on this site , well then remember this review ; as it is true across the board .
 These fins were way too small for a Men 's size 10 1/2 . Also ordered ladies fins for an 8 1/2 which were not noted tobe small , and even though the size range ordered covered 7 - 9 , the fins were about an inch too short of my size 8 1/2 foot .
 I 've gone through two of these bike seats and they 've both ended the same , they leak . The first one I thought was just the end result of two years of use , but the second one has only lasted 3 months . The gel distorts and collects in one section and then starts to leak through and then I 'm riding with a dishrag over my seat or otherwise be sticky with what feels like funky tree sap.For while it lasts though it works and feels great .
 I use this seat for spin classes , and it has already started to tear . It is very comfortable and I hope it will last . I 've only used it for about 8-10 classes and there is already a hole in the back seam .
 It was my first time to buy a Gel cover , but I though that the idea is to make the seat softer , it actually did n't ! on my first ride , I came home as sore as I used to be ! I 'm hoping this will change when I use it for a while
 Used on bicycle saddle for about 2 mos & a spinner for 6 mos or so ; noticed that the top gel layer ripped under the lycra cover , not cool . I contacted Schwinn & they replied that the warranty is 90 days but if I would like to I could send it to them & they `` would be happy to complete an inspection for possible replacement '' . Had n't decided if the shipping cost would be worth it !
 I use the seat cover on a Schwinn exercise bike and ride it about 5 times a week for 20 minutes . I put a towel on it so that i do n't have to wash it , so the failure is not from washing . Basically the gel pad has split in half in the middle and leave a big gap in the gel cushion right about where you sit . I would have thought it would last more than 8 months before failing . I need to replace it but am not very keen on buying the same one again .
 This thing started leaking silicone a month or so after I purchased . Would n't buy another one . Too bad even a company like Schwinn does n't make things that last anymore .
 I ordered this seat cover for my Schwinn 120 Upright Bike . The description said that it fits any regular bike seat and that the cushion could be adjusted , but sadly this is not so . The seat cover does n't even come close to fitting my bike . It 's weird that Schwinn makes seat covers that do n't fit a standard Schwinn bike seat ...
 good product , but mine is already with some damage on the gel , with a few hours os usage .
 You will need to replace it in 2 years , the over material does not hold up . otherwise it is ok
 Just an FYI , it does not fit the Schwinn 150 Upright Exercise Bike . Found that out too late to return . Oh well , it did n't cost too much . But , a bit of a disappointment . Does n't seem stable enough to put on my mountain bike , so likely a garage sale item in the future . Probably should n't list this next to the exercise bike as an accessory if it does n't actually fit it .
 This seat cover was way too small for my stationary bike , so I had to return it .
 I purchased this seat to go with an exercise bicycle . Amazon had it listed as an item to purchase with the exercise bike , but I had already purchased the bike so I ordered only the seat from Amazon . It was at least 4 inches too narrow to fit on the seat of the exercise bike . That 's the last time I assume the items actually go together.I will say that Amazon 's return policy made it easy to send it back , just do n't know why they told us the item was appropriate for my intended use .
 In less than 6 month after I purchase this saddle seat , it started to leak some oily stuff out . After staining and destroying a couple of my pants , I started to realize that it is because of the leakage from the soft material in this saddle . This is while I am just 120 lbs -LRB- light load on the bike seat -RRB- and always used the bike in southern California weather -LRB- good weather conditions -RRB- . I am totally unsatisfied with the quality of this prodect .
 I purchased this seat cover for my spinning class after using one that was provided to me by my instructor . The one that I was given was great and provided and great deal of comfort -LRB- unfortunately I do not know the brand that she supplied -RRB- . I purchased this cover that night after coming home and hoped for similar results . Unfortunately I was greatly disappointed . It provided very little cushion or comfort . I would recommend purchasing a different seat cover which is what I now have to do .
 i bought this b/ci didnt feel like investing in a new saddle for a bike that is old . After one week of riding the gel moved to one side making for a lumpy ride . it was causing great discomfort b/c the fit was not right from the jump . it was too big and the gel shifting like that made it painful . i advise you to buy a whole saddle rather than a cover if you ride regularly .
 Amazon sells this seat cover in conjunction with the foldable exersize bike . I have no idea why , this thing doesnt even cover HALF of that seat . Big rip off if you are planning to buy that package deal .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I am extremely disppointed in this purchase . I have owned waterproof pouches in the past and use the quart sized ones quite extensively in my air travels . The pouches from Coleman tear way too easiy at the point of attachment between the velcro liner and the main body of the pouch . When this occurs , the pouch is no longer waterproof and liquids can flow either out of or into the pouch.I will not purchase these again .
 The staff I received looks nothing like the one I thought I ordered . The staff in the picture looks nice - light wood with burn marks to give it character ; the one I 'm looking at right now is painted with orange tape around each end . It looks cheep and crappy . I will be returning it for a full refund . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 I expected a nice sock that will keep my feet dry and comfy all day . Not this sock . You can feel the seams on the toes . They are not soft . They do not keep my feet dry.I might send them back to the company since they have a 30 day guarantee . I would recommend trying Smartwool . They are a far superior sock .
 Although the size was supposed to be X-large , they were very small ! They were way to small for me and I just wear a size 10 shoe .
 For the price I expected a good quality sock . What I got was a padded sock that does n't stay up . Very dissappointed .
 I ordered these sheets from another website . The quality is soooo poor . First of all , the sheets say `` Go Team Go '' instead of the team name so the only thing specific to the team is the pillowcase . They are very thin jersey fabric -- like an undershirt . You can see straight through them . The so-called `` fitted '' sheet does not fit the mattress . They come off the bed when my son sleeps on them . They come out of the dryer a wrinkled mess . I recommend you buy a better quality plain white sheet and just get some team shams . I wish I had ...
 I paid more than average for these sheets because they were advertised as `` Made in USA . '' When I received the sheets , they were made in Pakistan . I did not order these to help out Pakistan but to help out American workers ! Very disappointing !
 Purchased couple months ago -LRB- `` 2009 '' -RCB- , works real good , but one day crossing a bridge we spotted a couple of golf balls side by side in deep water , extended retriever to the full 24 ' reached and retrieved one ball lifting straight up felt strain on end of retriever lifting through water , reached and retrieved second ball lifting straight up and also felt strain on end of retriever lifting through water and was bent third extender from tip . We though it hit something lifting out of the water , not so , couple of weeks water was low bottom was clear and debris free . Maybe I lifted the retriever up to fast or freak flaw in product . I have to give it 5 stars for retrieving golf balls , 1 star longevity , sorry . So much for one year warranty . Would I buy another one -- maybe .
 The first time I attempted to use the retriever , the second section would n't extend . After using the pole , the third section would n't retract , no matter what we tried to do . Then the first section bent , and broke . I spent $ 39 + shipping to retrieve one golfball , and I complain about titlest being expensive , lol.Seriously this product did n't work at all , do yourself a favor and buy a shorter retriever .
 Needs bike post extention that curves to put u back from the handlebars ... the seat positions you to fwrd toward handlebars ...
 The seat is too small and hard to fit an adult male over 200 pounds . Schwinn has been manufacturing bicycles and accessories for a long time and is a reputable brand .
 This bicycle seat is not as large as the picture lead me to believe . I guess I should have read the description more closely . My order arrived earlier than anticipated , so that was a nice surprise . I have n't installed the seat on my tricycle that I bought on Amazon.com yet , so I 'm taking a `` wait and see '' attitude on how comfortable it is . The seat that came with the trike is very uncomfortable and caused lower back pain so I 'm hoping for the best .
 I paid for the product to and from the vendor and they did not give me a full refund for an item that I never used . They told me that they had to deduct a shipping cost they never paid . BEWARE THEY WILL ROB YOU
 I BOUGHT THIS AT THE STORE AND COULD NOT GET IT TO WORK FOR ME . COULD NOT PEDDLE ONCE IT WAS ON THE BIKE .
 I bought this a while back thinking it was going to be really great and I was disappointed . I installed the seat and rode and while the seat was stable and well made , it was awkward riding . I tilted the seat up and down but I could never find a good position to ride in . I felt like I was either falling forward or back . I ended up returning it .
 Shape is right but the size is wrongit not near big enough for a normal personto sit on comfortablyno matter how I adjust it it 's not comfortablelooks to be sized for kidsThe seat that came with my Schwinn Airdyne isnot perfectbut its a lot better than this one !
 Bought this hoping to ease pressure but found it to be rather difficult to sit on and ride . Part of the problem is the length . The seat is too big . It winds up digging into the back of your legs and is very uncomfortable . Even adjusting it all the way back I found it difficult . Returned to amazon shortly after purchasing . I am a man of average height -LRB- 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- and medium build .
 Installed this seat as soon as we got it for my Wife , who rides a Hybrid . Well , she was either slipping out of the seat all the time , or the corners prevent her from pedaling properly . We ended up cutting our ride short . Sending this back to Amazon today . I 'm sure this may fit for someone , but I would say , be ready if it does n't quite work out .
 Not comfortable at all no matter how I adjust it . Wish I had n't bought it . Too hard .
 I had just bought a new bike . The usual `` penal numbness '' from the saddle . All the other `` anatomically correct '' saddles that I saw on the market -LRB- lots of them -RRB- were way too expensive . This `` No Pressure '' seat was within my budget . Quick , easy sale ; quick , easy delivery . Schwinn was partially correct , there is no numbness , HOWEVER , at least in my case , my thighs kept rubbing against the saddle . After trying a variety of saddle-to-post adjustments , I finally put the original saddle back on , got out my trusty penknife and cut the padding out of the horn . This home made remedy did the trick .
 I 'm not a fan of this seat . It may work well on a mountain bike for slow casual riding but it did not work on a road bike . It left the back of my thighs bruised from the constant pounding against the edges . Sloping the seat means you can not sit on it . It may work for you but it did n't for what I needed to do .
 My husband and I hoped this seat would be comfortable for long distances on the bikes . It just is n't ... sorry . Some may find with repeated adjustments that a good fit can be found but we tried repeatedly for 3 weeks to get a descent fit . Either you slide off or have pain at the back of the thighs and it never resolves the age old problem of a sore butt ! We 're back to our usual seats and after the experience with the schwinn seat we feel happier with the old seat . Maybe your experience would be different than ours but the lack of benefit was clear for us .
 I bought this seat as a replacement for the rock hard seat that came with my new Schwinn . After numerous adjustments and a couple hours of riding , I 've decided that I absolutely hate it . I could not keep my bottom on this seat at all - it kept sliding off , regardless of what positional adjustments I made . Miles from home , I would have gladly traded this seat for the hard one that came with the bike ! I will say though , for the few seconds at a time that my bottom was firmly in the seat , it was comfortable .
 I bought this seat for my husband . He tried to use it , stopped and adjusted it , still he did not like it . Complained that he had to hold himself on the seat with his arms . I thought it was just him , so I tried it . I used it on two rides and said , Take it off . Maybe it depends on the type of bike you ride . Well , I have ordered another Schwinn seat and hope it works out okay.Gloria in Kansas
 I made this purchase as I was starting out as an avid rider , with that in mind , here are my thoughts ... It 's possible that this seat may just take some getting used to , but I personally was not able to handle it . I can say for me definitely , there was no pressure while using this seat , however , I found it awkward to try to balance myself on the bike without the nose on the seat . It surprised me how much of an effect it had on my riding.Secondly , due to the lack of the nose and greater depth to the seat , I felt it difficult to get good leg extension while riding . The edge of the seat essentially gets in the way of your leg , thereby impacting your down pedal . I do n't think this seat was designed for avid riders in mind , mostly for comfort and casual riders . Something to keep in mind while making your purchase.Eventually I bought a new bike which included a nosed seat that was both comfortable on long rides without the awkward balance and pedaling issues I found with this.I believe the saddle itself is called a `` GT Road Saddle '' -LRB- from 2009 -RRB- but I found this saddle to be similar and was included on later years of the model bicycle
 Think of this seat as a non-ergonomic bicycle bench . I tried every variation of adjustment that could be imagined , but with no luck . The seat does alleviate the pain for the intended area , but creates a rubbing on the back of the legs that is intolerable .
 Purchased seat for a Schwinn airdyne excerciser . Tried it in all possible positions -- raised , lowered , tilted back and forth , etc. . In all positions it was uncomfortable and insecure . Never tried it on a regular bike . -LRB- It weighs a ton . -RRB- Can not recommend .
 it actually hurts more than all seats I 've tried so farthe edges are very hard and because of the size it 's edges are the main contact surfaceit might work for kids but not definitely for adultsif the designer had used softer material it might be betteralso because of the shape it 's just works for beach cruisers not all bike types -LRB- angel does n't let your feet move freely -RRB-
 Unless you are a 12 year old girl , this seat is too small for your butt . I am an average sized man , and I ordered this seat for my stationary bike so I could to ride for long periods . The whole point of the seat is comfort , but it is so small that I kept slipping off.I also ordered the Sunlite Cloud-9 Bicycle Suspension Seat . It 's a more traditional style seat , but much more comfortable . -LRB- i 'm still looking for a really comfortable seat , but the Sunlite will do for now . -RRB- I do like the shape of the Schwinn seat , but it would need to be at least 4 inches wider to be useful . Is Schwinn even a real com -LSB- any anymore of just a marketing brand owned by some Chinese manufacturer .
 Granted , everybody 's anatomy differs , esp in the posteria , but this saddle did not live up to my expectations or other purchasers comments . I found it to be very rigid and uncomfortable compared to my existing saddle that i hoped to replace . instead , i returned this saddle to the seller who did provide me with very timely delivery .
 I bought this seat for my Schwinn cruiser . I found it very uncomfortable and hard -- I could feel every bump . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' , about 130 lbs. , not a big girl by any means . I could not get the seat to move back far enough ; it made me feel like I was too close to the handlebars . It cut into the backs of my legs and they started to go numb , even after tilting it forward . It also made my back curve in , which started to hurt , too . I 'm exchanging mine .
 This seat looks very comfortable and very reasonably priced but neither my husband nor I cared for the ride . It felt like we were falling off the bike all of the time . We tried adjusting to no avail . Maybe this type seat just takes some getting used to .
 It was n't comfortable . I am a large person and am trying to lose weight . As any adult who has ridden a bike knows , the seat is the most uncomfortable thing , specifically on the nether regions . Without the horn , I thought my `` area '' would be safer . I guess it was . This seat is wide , so you have to practically straddle it OR sit as far forward as possible . I felt like my knees were going to hit the handle bars with every pedal I took . It was awful ! I rode 4 or 5 houses down the rode and came back to put on the old seat . I suppose if you have a seat that is really far back , i.e. a recumbent type bike , this seat might work . But , not for me and not on a regular bike .
 All these hornless seats really stink for being able to pedal , and for keeping your butt centered on the seat . Just get a normal ergonomic seat that has thick padding under the butt and a deep groove down the middle for your man parts.Most of the positive reviews on this seat and others like it were written by people who tried this first and never tried a normal ergonomic seat with the comfort groove down the middle . Those seats give much better control and ability to pedal hard without sliding around the way you do on these seats with no center horn .
 Not at all comfortable , made it hard to cycle without hurting my back and knees , so much so that i stood up to cycle home.so i only used it once before return to my old seat .
 It 's been about 1-2 months of use , and one of the screw holes have already given out . The seat no longer will stay on because the screw ca n't stay in place . Oh , no wonder ... the seat is made of plastic , of course with a lot of movement the plastic would eventually give out . Now I have a screw hole that is too big for a screw , and a seat that is no longer safe to sit on . So , this product is a big fail in my books .
 THought it would be super comfy . Instead I just kept slipping off . Then I adjusted 500 times - still slip . You want to buy mine ? I 'll give it to you cheap ! Its in a bucket of stuff to sell st our next yard sale . Ya ca n't build a better mouse trap - same goes for a bike seat .
 I am a bit shorter than average male -LRB- 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- and not at all overweight with a hybrid bike , and I found this seat very uncomfortable.As others have mentioned , it cuts into the underside of your upper legs as you peddle . And , at least on my bike , there is no way to rotate the front side down enough to avoid this.I liked the idea of a tractor style seat . But , on a tractor , your legs work pedals far in front of you . On a bike , even with an upright sitting position one , your action is constantly pushing down . I could find no position on this saddle that made it a pleasant ride . I even tried sitting fully in the seat , legs lifted up , while coasting downhill . Still uncomfortable.I did n't give it one star , since there is no defect with the product . It 's pretty much as described , but I for one am going back to more traditionally shaped seats .
 I always felt as if I was falling off from the seat . It was no more comfortable than the original seat that camewith the AeroDyne .
 I put this on a Gary Fisher mountain bike and it was impossible to ride . Problem is , in that type of bike , you use the nose on the saddle to steer yourself and without a nose there is very little traction . I had to get rid of it in the end and bought a saddle with hole in the middle like the ones they use in the Olympics .
 I am somewhat disappointed in this product . It is `` harder '' than expected and difficult to position for comfortable riding . While my old one seemed narrow and sharp , it at least had a comfortable forward/backward feel . I 'll continue to try to adjust it , but so far not impressed .
 I bought this seat as the saddle that my bike came with was irritating my feminine parts . While the concept of a noseless saddle seemed like a good one , I found it pretty terrible on my commute to work -LRB- 1.5 hours -RRB- . All my weight was transferred to my arms , and I was n't able to get any kind of pedaling consistency going . I constantly felt like I was going to fall forward off the bike . It made me feel like my frame was way too small . Maybe I need to adjust it again , but I 'm starting to think there 's a reason that noseless bike saddles have n't caught on in a big way . I 'm going to try a saddle with a cut-out in the middle next .
 This seat is supposed to replace the standard bike seat on the Schwinn Airdyne . It is a pretty cheap and inferior replacement . The seat base that attaches to the bike is smaller than the regular base . The regular base has a sturdy internal collar with a long bolt that goes through the base bracket . The replacement is made with a nominal amount of metal so it simply sits on top of the `` pipe '' that comes out of the bike base . THERE IS NO ADJUSTMENT TO TILT THE SEAT FORWARD OR BACK . THEREFORE , BASED ON HOW YOU LIKE TO SIT WHEN YOU RIDE YOUR BIKE , YOU CAN BE VERY UNCOMFORTABLE . I HATE THIS SEAT .
 I bought this seat to replace a Walmart bike seat that came on with the bike.The Schwinn No Pressure Bicycle Seat is too small and not shaped proportionately so that the back of your legs hit the seat and you can not ride comfortably.Also , the size is way too small for an adult.I had my teenage daughter try the seat & she felt it was too uncomfortable.So having spent $ 20 for the seat , I can not use it!I went back to WalMart & got a wide saddle seat & it works fine : MUCH MUCH better than this Schwinn No Pressure Bicycle Seat!What a waste of money !
 The seat is positioned several inches too far forward rendering it unusable.There is no way to position it further back .
 My husband bought one seat this past weekend and we were anxious to try it out . He put it on his bike and then I tried it on mine . We were very dissapointed . Evan with much adjusting ... it felt like you were going to fall off the bike . It also was not comfortable on your back . It threw off your balance . At first glance the concept is a very good idea ... but this is one that needs to go back to the drawing board .
 The sales pitch for this seat does not clarify that it 's for cruisers or slow rides only . It really can not be used for faster rides . It 's very hard to sit on it and petal at a fast rate .
 Bicycle seats have the &#34; nose &#34; for a reason now I know why . This seat makes riding a bicycle a challenge , I tried every single configuration possible to make it work , but it is simply too uncomfortable to ride . I bought it thinking that it would more comfortable than a regular seat because is wider and &#34; noseless &#34; , but that puts extra pressure on your buttocks bones and your arms since you are trying not to fall forward.Although if you are a fan of this design the seat looks quite nice -LRB- high quality materials -RRB- and is well trimmed .
 Purchased this seat to decrease the numbness incurred while riding a Schwinn Airdyne Evo . Seat easily assembled to the bike and looks exactly like the pictures ; but is not nearly as wide as the stock seat from Schwinn . Nor is it as padded . VERY uncomfortable ! NOT usable ! After two honest efforts to give it a fair trial , I simply had to go back to the original seat . The edges of the seat feel like sharp corners through the thin cover . Maybe if this seat was twice as wide and had more padding ...
 I was expecting the seat to be extremely comfortable after reading so many reviews the fact it it is hard and extremely uncomfortable for me.I will have to still look for one with more comfort .
 I felt the width of this seat interferred with the downward movement of my legs . I just could n't get comfortable on it . Sit forward on the edge of a chair and try to bicycle your legs , you 'll get what I mean . I took it back .
 Just got this seat and my instant reaction was `` oh my god this is aweful . '' Feel like I have to keep myself from pitching off the bike face forward by using all my arm strength . Will try lowering the seat , but according to basic bicycling ergonomics , that 'll make the pedals too close , and I expect trouble there . Then will look at raising the handlebars . The people that love it here all claim you have to stick with it and get the adjustments ust right . I 'm willing to try - but the message to Schwinn is clear -- > you need to send some documentation with this seat about how to adjust it different than your old seat . Otherwise this product will be a real clunker . It * does not * just pop on and replace the old seat at the same angles . Still , I love my manly bits enough to tool around with it a little .
 Seat comfort is as individual as the cheeks that ride it , but I bought this seat with really high hopes , and when it was installed on my trek , I eaither felt like I was sliding off the front of it , or riding across the front `` ridge '' . I tried raising or lowering it , and different tilt adjustments to no avail . To be fair , this may be more an issue of overall bike geometry , but I could n't get it right .
 I was looking forward to this new seat , Had to make several adjustments before feeling safe enough , seemed to slide off the front . Rode 15 miles and was sore for a week , removed the seat and went back to the old standby . Just did not fit my skinny backside and pushed the back of my upper thighs so much that I was sore there too . Maybe good for some but not for me . NOW how to get them back to Amazon .
 Looks like a great new design but it hurts to ride with this seat . Road for about about 10 blocks and stopped at a bike shop to buy a new seat . Returned seat to Amazon .
 I am new to cycling and found my saddle uncomfortable to say the least . I tried this saddle , thinking that without the horn , my female parts would be happier . It 's true there is little discomfort but I felt as if I being forced forward and my wrists took all my upper body weight . Plus , turning felt very unsafe . I am going to tough it out on my current saddle , and returned this one .
 The shape is too weird . The seat can not slide back far enough to be comfortable . I tried it on several different bikes . No one in my family felt comfortable - men or women . I ultimately have a useless seat sitting in my shed . I purchased two and need to return the one that still has the tags on .
 Albeit the saddle looks like it will actually `` take the pressure off , '' it the Schwinn No Presser Bike Seat introduces other problems . Although the problems is not a male health concern , it interferes with normal biking . While pedaling , our thighs are continuously angling up and down as we pedal . The conventional seats allow this type of movement with little obstruction . With the `` no pressure '' seat , it either forces us to sit further forward or deal with the front lip under our thighs . Seating further forward will take us away from the comfortable sweet spot almost to where it feels as though we 'll be slipping off.The best remedy I have found in a comfortable bike seat must fit three criterion . A firm seat -LRB- gel pad consistency -RRB- , an open groove for the offending area and the ability to adjust the seat to angle a bit more downwards . I have yet to find something more suitable .
 This seat was too small for me , an adult of 6 ft and 150 lbs . I could not position it for comfort because of the size . I do not recommend it for the average adult .
 During my cross country cycling trek earlier this year , I tried out one of those Schwinn `` no pressure '' saddles . The experiment lasted all of 5 miles as I traversed Tallahasee , FLWaste of time and $ 20 . I know what they are trying to do - which is recreate that short-lived rocker saddle from a few years back , but putting any real torque on this thing causes one -LRB- or at least me -RRB- to slide right off it - or I 'd have to set it at a bizarre angle and not really be able to sit on it . Once I hit the St Marks trail extension , I swapped out my regular saddle and left the Schwinn saddle with the groundskeeper at the St Mark 's trail Trailhead . I hoped that maybe someone else can make better use of it.A for effort , F for execution.You 're really better off getting a real saddle regardless of your physique .
 Two seats were purchased . One for an exercise bike and one for a multi-speed road bike each needing more comfort . The Schwinn No Pressure Seat in each case did not perform well and it only took 10 seconds of use to reach this conclusion . It creates a crease line going across each leg where bending over the edge of the seat . Should a recumbent bike be used , then this seat would be suitable . For any normal bicycle -LRB- coaster , 10 speed or BMX etc. -RRB- where the pedals are below the seat , then this seat is NOT for you !
 Way smaller than it looks in pics , not comfortable or cusioned , save your money or try one of those cloud nine seats better than this one .
 the straight across ledge hurts my thighs , but this is better than any comfort seat w/horn . i 'm exchanging this for the split butt-cheek seat ... i hope that will be perfect .
 I did not find this seat a help at all and have sent it back . The recumbent bike I bought is excellent .
 I tried the seat at different heights and many angles , but always felt either uncomfortable or that I was sliding forward . I 'm going to see if anyone else in my family wants to give it a try . I think if my handlebars could be raised higher , which they could n't , it might have worked .
 Also not a soft as I expected . Very dissapointed . The name is misleading , seat is not comfortable , and does not eliminate &#34; pressure . &#34;
 Thought it would be better than an extended front , but caused serious inflamation of the right leg nerve from the hip to foot . That is corrected by the origional seat . Learn something every day .
 Could not find a comfortable angle with this seat , and it 's smaller than you might think . I uploaded a picture here at Amazon that uses CDs as a comparison so that others can gauge the size.However , it did not apply pressure on the groin when I sat on it . Thus , technically , the product accomplishes the described task . * shrug *
 No matter what height or angle I adjusted the seat I could not find it comfortable . When pedalling down , the seat would dig into the back of my legs . To angle the front of the seat downward enough to eliminate this was so extreme that I would slide of the seat entirely . Still searching for a hornless comfortable seat .
 Well , this seat design * does * relieve the pressure on your important plumbing , however , I found it incredibly uncomfortable to ride with . You lose a lot of control , and the pedaling geometry is just wrong . Because optimal cycling position -LRB- for power transfer -RRB- has your legs almost fully extended , this means you have to sit on the very edge of this seat , putting almost all of your weight on your arms . I find this to be a suboptimal solution for someone who wants to ride hard and also be safe . Hopefully there is another seat on the market that does a better job . I will keep looking ...
 Let me begin by describing my bike . I have a Trek 820 Hard Tail Mountain Bike . The frame is 19.5 '' tall and this is just right for someone about 5 ' 10 '' . First , installation ... the included brackets do not match my Trek 820 , so I had to screw loose my original seat post and more it over to the new Schwinn seat . Installation notes below :1 -RRB- My original seat post does not allow tilt adjustment , so I am not able to `` tilt '' the seat forward unless I buy a new seat post .2 -RRB- The seat is significantly higher . So , my Trek 820 , which was fitted for my height , suddenly became too tall . What I had to do was to lower the seat to the very bottom - that helped , but that meant I no longer can attach a rear reflector nor the mud flap .3 -RRB- The seat is wider and I know that when I pedal , I am causing pressure on the seat post.During my first ride around the neighborhood for about 6 miles -LRB- 25 minutes -RRB- , I noticed the following :1 -RRB- I am not able to push as hard on the pedals due to the angle limited by the seat .2 -RRB- I had to shift my butt a few times during the ride . It is like sitting on a hard plastic chair .3 -RRB- Although there were no pressure in the groin area , but the back of my thigh were pressed against the seat while pedaling . I wonder if there would be long term effects from this type of pressure similar to the groin area.I will give it a try some more -LRB- and read more reviews -RRB- then come back and continue commenting . *** OK , I am back . I returned this seat because it was too thick and I ma not able to sit on it and reach the ground comfortably - this is a safety problem . I go the Bell Mountain Bike Saddle instead - that worked much better and is cheaper . No more numbness between my legs -LRB- stock seat -RRB- or behind my thigh -LRB- Schwinn No Pressure Seat -RRB- . I think this seat would be great for recumbent bikes though .
 I bought this seat at Wal-Mart to save the return shipping if it did n't workout . Glad I did in this case.Other reviewers were correct when they said that this seat hits the back of your thighs when you peddle . If you did n't have to peddle it might be OK , but peddling is the whole idea of bike riding . The whole feel of this seat is more suited to roasting weenies by the fire , not riding a bike.Whether or not this seat would solve my soreness problem from my conventional seat is irrelevant . All the new issues resulting from this seat are worse . I could n't ride 5 miles on this seat -LRB- much less 20 or 50 -RRB- , to find out if I would get sore in the other places.Maybe if you ride with your seat very low with no leg extension to speak of , it might work out for you . But as for me , I like getting near full leg extension for increased power and endurance.Again , as others have pointed out , this seat is positioned too far forward putting your body over top of the pedals and too close to the handlebars making for a very awkward feel . There is no way to position the seat further back -LRB- like 2 or 3 inches is what it would need -RRB- . Unfortunately , I 'm still looking for a comfortable seat , and I 'm getting old fast -LRB- 58 -RRB- . Every hour I spend trying another one is another hour wasted . Who would have thought that the most difficult part of a bicycle to get right is the seat?And reviews do n't help much either because every seat I 've looked at has a mixed bag of positive and negative reviews . You just about have to try them out for yourself.In any regard , this is definitely not the seat for me ! The search goes on ...
 needs to be more secured front end of seat , cheap one bolt filmzey design I have to re tighten all hardware . -LRB- three times -RRB- finally I added thread locker to the 2 seat spring bolts . Next step if it fails is to replace . seat .
 This item is a total joke . It might fit a person or child under 100 pounds . The dimensions were missing.I thought I was purchasing a saddle seat for an adult . Buyer beware ...
 When purchasing an exercise bike I had read a review where someone recommended this seat . I ordered it along with the exercise bike only to find out that the seat is not removeable on the exercise bike . So I decided to try this on my regular bicycle.It was easy to install and looked really comfy . I really wanted to like this seat and left it on my bike for a couple of weeks . Everytime I went to ride my bike I was miserable . My husband tried adjusting it and it just did not work for me . First , if you have ridden a bike for fifty years you get use to how a seat should feel . This is totally different and I was accepting of that fact . The seat is very slick and I felt I was constantly fighting it to stay on . Also , it is flat across the front and tilts down and you also feel like to you are falling forward and about to slide down . On each bike ride I felt like I was fighting to stay on my bike . I can not express how uncomfortable this seat was for me . My husband tried adjusting it several times and there simply is no adjustment for the downward tilt . There is nothing about the seat that helps you stay on like a conventional seat . I simply would never recommend this to anyone as I feel it is not safe . I have since replaced my regular bike seat with a gel seat which I prefer and is very comfortable .
 I thought I would like the larger seat more compared to the Ergo seat I also purchased . Not so ... the Ergo seat is softer and smaller which is actually more comfortable . This seat hinders your leg movement when peddaling at the back of thigh/butt area . : / Spend a little more and get the Ergo .
 I bought this saddle just to see how it would work . In order to pedal , the seat either has to be lowered significantly , or you have to sit on the edge of it . Either way , on the downstroke , the corners of the seat dig into the insertion points of your hamstrings . You lose a lot of power , and expend a lot of energy trying to stay on the seat . Do n't buy it . Buy the E3 Form Gel instead .
 I rate the seat a two . As long as you do n't have to pedal you are fine , While pedalling the edge of the seat digs into the back of your legs . Not very comfortable . I will continue to search for a comfortable seat .
 Tried several adjustments , just could n't make it work for me . It seemed that I was always slipping off the seat or sitting right on the edge of it . I ride my bicycle for exercise , but after riding my usual route with this twice , I was so exhausted and sore , I could n't do it anymore . Although I could feel it in my arms , I really felt it in my upper legs . I guess you have to pick your discomfort in cycling .
 I found it quite unconfortable . As I use to ride the bike mostly standing and lik to have the seat high enough so my legs will be stretched with the seat high . To be of some use you have to use it with a 40 deg inclination , so with this seat there is no way you can really seat on it.Meabe is a matter of getting used to it .
 Actual size is only about 9-10 '' wide . . Very disappointed that size in inches is not listed by picture . Irritated now that I have to pay to return it . Looks bigger than it actually is . Will probably do a great job on my mom 's exercise bike though !
 I purchased this seat to use for my bike with a stationary trainer but it 's not working out . Even after messing with the tilt and position adjustments for an hour , I could not find a position that would be both comfortable and not interfere with leg movement.I was also not too impressed by the build quality . The seat mount itself is only screwed in at two places , leaving the other two points to be held by a cheap plastic slot . This is stressed every time you lean to the left or right , which does not provide enough support and makes it awkward to balance on . I doubt this thing would last very long with regular use.Your experience may vary depending on how you sit on your bike , but before purchasing this seat consider that the traditional bicycle seat is designed with a horn for a reason . You need the horn so the seat will give you enough support while not restricting leg movement .
 I bought this seat as a replacement for my stationary bike . It is very comfortable to sit on , but when you start pedaling it does n't feel right . At first I had the seat adjusted forward a little . When I pedaled , I felt like I was falling forward . Then I leaned it back and the front edge of the seat was bumping into the back of my legs where your leg meets your butt . It just did n't feel right .
 Excellent transaction and delivery time . Seat is comfortable but there was difficulty to stabilize seat - pivoting up and down . It would need a support bracket under the seat attached to the saddle post .
 Did not like this seat at all ! It makes you slide forward too much . It may give you no pain but at the expense of normal use . I 'm now stuck with this seat I do n't want at all !
 I really wanted this seat to work . I adjusted the position on the rails and the height of the seat many ways , but could n't get it to work.PROS
 I ordered this seat for my new Schwinn Tricycle for a more comfortable seat . I liked it even less than the original seat . It is waay too small for my buttocks and I was slipping off the seat . I 'm a size 14 . and weigh 150 lbs . It was like I was trying to sit ona child 's seat . I returned it and ordered a Sergas seat , which is perfect for me !
 After reading the reviews for this seat , I decided to try it . It was very uncomfortable . I put extra padding on it but that did not help . There is no way to position it so it will be comfortable . It made my arms ache as well as my seat . This is not a good design . I 'm sending it back and trying yet another style .
 Lots of reviews , both good and bad , but I am afraid we also did not like these seats . First off , it seems to be a fine , quality made product but the comfort factor is just not there . I thank those reviewers who pointed out that adjustment was critical to their riding experience and that comfort may also be related to the style , size and dimensions of the bike they ride - and maybe the dimensions of our respective behinds too.Anyhow , we bought two for our matching 26 '' Schwinn trail/cruiser bikes purchased recently from the big box store . After about an hour of riding -LRB- and numerous stops to adjust her seat height , pitch , forward movement -RRB- my wife just said NO WAY . I put her old seat back on as she professed a new appreciation of that standard bike seat . However , wanting desperately to find a more comfortable seat -LRB- and wishing to take the advice of a reviewer who `` learned '' to love this seat -RRB- I gave it a few days , made dozens of fine and course adjustments , but could find no position that was tolerable , let alone comfortable.I truly wish this seat would have suited my wife and myself -LRB- we bought two -RRB- , but they are going back . No matter how I adjusted it , it was awful . Tilt it too far back and it hurts the backs of your upper legs as you peddle , too much tilt forward and there is no escaping the sensation that you 're falling forward off the bike . I suppose there is room for varied opinions on it 's comfort . However , I would gently but firmly point out that it is obviously much more difficult to dig in and pedal hard while sitting . Finally , it is far less stable when leaning for turns , etc.It is important that I do not criticize those that seem to like this seat - I envy them and I have no doubt that what they say is their true experience ! Still , from the many reviews you can see that this seat is not universally loved . Whatever the reason , our search for a truly comfortable seat goes on and we could n't be more disappointed that this seat did n't fill the bill for us.If in doubt I think you should buy it , try it and decide for yourself . Here 's wishing you smooth rides and no more sore bottoms with this seat - but be prepared to be shocked the first time you climb on this new seat ready for a heavenly ride . It might be more like the very cool looking seat from hell !
 I bought this seat as a replacement for my Schwinn Airdyne Exercise bike 's seat , after reading a newspaper article that the `` no nose '' seats were `` medically '' better for men . I chose a Schwinn seat because , I reasoned , a Schwinn seat would be best one for my Schwinn exercise bike . Never one to hesitate in improving on perfection , I had great hopes and made the assumption that this new seat would be even more comfortable than the OEM seat that came with the bike . I read the 5 Star reviews and a couple of the three star reviews and found nothing that would cause me to think they were n't great seats . Then , I received what I can only describe as one of the most insidious torture devices ever invented . I hate this seat . No amount of adjustment could make it comfortable . It is hard as granite and smaller , read less supportive , than the OEM seat . After an hour of adjusting and riding I put the old OEM seat back on my Airdyne . This experience did teach me one thing . I now really appreciate that great , comfortable big old plushy Airdyne seat !
 My View on the Schwinn No Pressure Bicycle SeatBefore buying this seat , I looked at several different comfort seats . Went to the stores and saw them first hand . I compared the different models to each other and finally decided on the `` No Pressure '' Bicycle Seat . Got it home , installed it on my bike , rode the bike , came back , readjusted it again , rode the bike and still did n't like it . The first problem was that it pushed me too far forward so that I was almost over the handle bars and that was odd ; then , I moved the seat back on it 's bracket rails and it still did n't make much of a difference ; next , I tried leaning the seat forward , that did n't work , and then I leaned it back , no matter what angle the seat was I found it to be awkward , when it was leaning forward I felt like I was going to slide on to the top tub and my knees were being pushed too far forward and when tuning almost hit the handle bars ; with the seat either flat or leaning back made it difficult to pedal . In the end , I gave up and returned the seat . My dimension 6 ' 3 '' tall , 34 inch inseam . My bike
 I bought this seat pretty much on the recommendation of others who reviewed it here on Amazon . Unfortunately for me , it did not work out.The seat is not that wide -LRB- 10 inches -RRB- compared to many other `` comfort '' saddles although the price is definitely right -- about $ 30 cheaper than any other seat in the `` comfort saddle '' type category on the web.I used this on an electric scooter and I could not tip the seat forward like so many can do on a regular bicycle . Because of that , the full support effect of the wide saddle was lost . It was more uncomfortable than the seat I had , so I went out and purchased another saddle.I would say that if you can tip this saddle forward for your butt adjustment , you will be okay . But if you have a fixed seat post of some kind that makes forward/backward adjustment of the seat impossible , go with another wide saddle .
 I was shocked and dismayed at how uncomfortable this seat is . It 's unimaginable that it was designed by a cyclist ! Sure , it eliminates groin pain , but it creates other problems . The seat has to be tilted far forward to ensure that the front edge does n't interfere with upper thigh movement . However , this causes your body to be thrust forward , an awkward position that increases pressure on the hands , arms , and shoulders while also adding stress to the legs . My arthritic right knee hurt for the first time while riding.The bottom line
 I read the other reviews before purchasing and decided for the $ $ it was worth a try . We found it very uncomfortable and went back to the original seat .
 I purchased this seat for my cruiser style bike . The seat itself is very comfortable with its no pressure design . However , trying to ride my bike the seat kept pushing me forward and forced my knees into the handlebars . This seat might work better on a bicycle with really high handle bars.I have been using thisSchwinn Ultra Comfort Bicycle Seatand have been very pleased .
 I loved this jacket online and I got it just in time to wear to the World Series , game 4 . Problem was , it did n't fit . The length was very short , so whenever I raised my arms , my midriff was exposed . Also the sleeves were just barely to my wrists . I had ordered a Medium , which was sized 8-10 . I am only a 4-6 and yet the jacket was still too small . Sadly , I had to return it and never had a jacket to wear to the game .
 I 'm not very pleased with my fins and perhaps I did n't read that the floppy ends of the fins would be hard plastic , but because they are there is not much ability to move me in the water . If this was mentioned at their site I missed it .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 I have a morkie with silky hair that mats . This product had little to no effect on her tangles , ca n't see any difference in the shine . Overall a waste of money
 Not a fan of this stuff at all . It is n't very effective at detangling and to make things worse , it has a funny smell . Plus , it 's pretty expensive for a 4 oz product that does n't work .
 I bought this to take care of a tangled fur problem on my cat . She suffered an injury to her spine and as a result , ca n't groom herself in back and the fur tends to get tangled and clumped . Of course , she also now weighs about 300 # but that 's besides the point . Based on other reviews , I thought this stuff must be amazing . . well it did absolutely nothing for her fur . I also tried it on my own bedhead , I have longer hair and tends to tangle in back even with regular conditioner . . it really did n't work that well . It 's hard for me to believe that people are having some miraculous results with it ... maybe my tube was defective . Anhow , the cat fur crisis was solved with the furminator ...
 I purchased this cue because I am a beginner on a pool league and needed to have my own stick to prevent the `` variable '' factor of using the crappy house cues . I selected this particular cue because it was in my budget -LRB- under $ 60 -RRB- and had good reviews ; I however , do not find it to be as great as the reviews have made it seem . I ordered the 19 oz . cue and received the 20 oz . version . It does have removable weights in the bottom to make it as light as 18.5 oz , but I have not had an opportunity to go through the hassle of removing the weights . I understand that is a nice feature in general , but I did n't want to change the weight , I wanted a cue that is simply 19 oz . When I received the cue , there were stickers and labels ALL over it ! I saw the reviews about the made in china sticker ... that was the least of the problems . There was 3 sticker labels on the cue . All of them were difficult to remove and all of them left a sticky residue . I also found that the stick is very masculine and the graphite is smooth , but I still needed chalk with this cue -LRB- going to get a billiard glove here soon -RRB- . Overall I am not thrilled . I am stuck with it now though , so I am going to purchase a different cue -LRB- one with a traditional wood shaft -RRB- and keep this for a break stick in the meantime . : o /
 Purchased this and and it did n't work . Contacted Excalibur directly and they were n't surprised . They promptly refunded my money once I mailed proof of purchase over . Was so looking forward to this game , totally disappointed .
 Ordered this and thought it would be worth a try . Could not get game to work on any of the controllers to be first player wich it must have to start the game . Spent over an hour to try to make it work but to no avail . Returned this promptly .
 This unit is dangerous and a piece of junk . The nylon tubes constantly release from handles without any warning . Watch your head or you may take a hit from one of these faulty tubes .
 This cheap thing broke on first usage . The handle shattered , and the rubber cords flew and hit my head , giving me a gash.I would not recommend this to anyone . I gave it a one star only because zero or negative stars were n't available .
 This is a very disappointing piece of junk . I thought it would be elastic cords . Not so , its plastic tubes inserted into the small handle . I know it only cost $ 10 but it 's not worth the shipping cost .
 I returned this product because the weights were too long and hard to handle . They also were very flimsy and flopped around while I was using them .
 These spread apart as you are trying to carry and walk with them . Sand spreads outs hurts fingers . Would not suggest
 Item was too flimsy to hold and needs to be either packed tight or better , have a solid core to keep it from bending too much . The garter strap was a nice idea but implemented poorly . It was too big & does n't really help . End up returning the 5-pounder the next day .
 This seller has the following copy `` Fits the Youth DNA Pro + , DNA Recruit , Recruit Hybrid + , and Recruit Hybrid . '' This facemask does not fit Recruit Hybrid helmets . . checked with Schutt . You must order DNA face guards
 This facemask was purchased to be placed on a youth small Schutt DNA Pro + helmet . The description says it will fit this helmet . It does n't fit . It 's too small . The quality of the product is good .
 The seller shipped this very quickly . However , it came missing a screw . More importantly , it did NOT fit the schutt hybrid recruit as claimed in the description . It is much too small . Our helmet is a size youth medium so perhaps this would fit one of the smaller helmets . We ordered this in navy and the quality seems great . It is unfortunate that we will have to send it back .
 the second time i rode the bike , there was a loud pop and i did not have the ability to pedal or brake . there was a subsequent two week process of trying to get the replacement part from the manufacturer that ended with me returning to the vendor i originally purchased it from .
 I bought 3 of these as gifts ... it looks and feel cheap , the battery was low for all 3 ... could n't even use the indigo light .
 I order this heart rate monitor for my forerunner 301 . It appeared to be brand new out of the packaging and I am sure it was , however , it does not work . It could be a dead battery , who knows , the bottom line is that it should have worked . Now I have this useless piece of equipment . I would buy a battery for it but I ca n't because I am in Afghanistan . The CR2032 battery required is not sold out here .
 this is the second one purchased in one month . . only got partial credit for last one that was only used once then failed
 My product arrived with 2 rust stains on it that will not come off . This is probably the only product that has been disappointing to me in all my orders in the past .
 I figured I 'd buy this just for it 's cool look and style . It 's poorly painted and blades are less than 1/16 of an inch . poor design and construction . If you are looking for something more practical , buy something else .
 This may look like a cool product and all but really this is not good for anythig but display . When i first got it on the same day , it broke apart . The area in which the sliding switch is , broke and caused the bar its on to come off and then the blade kept faling apart . Then the exact samething happened to the second one . This product should be labeled as not for combat or constant use . only for display . You should mine as well just order somethingelse .
 Not the best piece . One of the blades was very solid the other shakes and is not very sturdy .
 I placed my order for this at the end of November . It was in stock . Found out it would n't be shipped when it should have been because it was `` out of stock '' , called and complained and suddenly it was available to be shipped . When I got the package , there were no instructions -LRB- i had to go to the website and print out a 27 page manual -RRB- and parts were missing . It took 3 days to get this thing together . Decided to go buy the parts I needed because I did n't want to deal with the hassel of returng it . The backboard is very flimsy and is already cracked . There is n't any support . This is not worth the money at all . I am very dissapointed in this product and do not recommend purchasing it !!!
 I was so hopeful about this product for a Christmas present for my husband . It arrived in a bubble envelope with more bubble wrap around the mug . So the top of the handle had been loosened from the mug during transit - i was so close to Christmas that I got competent advice on how to properly secure it back to the mug.That was the first hurdle from the mug being shipped in a not secure enough method -LRB- IT NEEDED TO BE IN A FIRM HEAVY ENOUGH BOX -RRB- Then When my husband froze the mug for the first time and put some cool water in the mug the mug had sustained a micro crack during shipping that I had not seen and cracked all the way through and the water ran every where . My husband gave it back to me - I was pretty embarrised - Havent figured what to do with it ...
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 Looking at my email I thought something was wrong . You Guys sent me the wrong watch . You sent me the 607 not the 40400 . I HAVE BEEN TO BUSY TO DEAL WITH THE SITUATION !
 This is the type of thing that makes sense to buy locally . The box it 's shipped in is not made for single piece shipping . These normally get shipped 10-12 on a skid to a store . They are packed for that purpose . The box arrived with 2 corners ripped and large parts of the board scratched . Amazon for their part gave a quick refund and covered return shipping . Good customer service . I ended up buying the backboard at a local retailer for 10.00 more than amazon . Good quality backboard . Just buy it locally .
 I purchased this 52 '' unit as an upgrade for my 44 '' backboard/rim combo that my salt water pool had pretty much eaten up after 2 years . By the way , do n't ever purchase the Swim-n-Dunk basketball goal/rim/stainless steel posts combo by S.R. Smith . I paid over $ 600 for this P.O.S. that was rusting apart around the 2 year mark . I paid that much because it said it was for salt water pools ... my rear!The 52 '' unit I purchased to replace the one mentioned above was pretty disappointing when it showed up . It had a dent in the frame . The fit and finish of where the acrylic backboard was glued to the steel frame looked like a 2 year old was turned loose with a glue gun . Since the backboard is clear , you can easily see where extra glue squished out between the metal frame and the clear acrylic . Some of the corners where they were glued to the frame were about an 1/8 '' inch further away from the frame than the rest of the backboard . It was like they did n't grind down the welds in the corners ... either that or their clamping system sucks and it does n't hold the backboard to the frame while the glue is setting up . The thing that surprised me the most was the part of the frame that is the bracket that you bolt your the rim to was about 1/4 '' out of square . The holes in the bracket , for the rim , were actually drilled straight even though the bracket was way out of square -LRB- so at least the rim was straight -RRB- . But , when you mounted the backboard the fact that the bracket was that much out of square stuck out like a sore thumb because the backboard is clear and you can easily see through it.Overall , I am very disappointed with this purchase . I buy all the time from Amazon -LRB- Prime member -RRB- that orders 2-4 things a week on average and this is the first thing that I have ever taken the time out to review . I usually do n't like to waste my time with things like this , but if I can help another fellow Amazon shopper , I feel like I need to warn them .
 The first one of these I received was broken - the clear acrylic backboard sheet -LRB- like plexiglass -RRB- was broken in one corner , and was scratched in several other places.Amazon sent a replacement , which was in better shape.On both of them , the actual backboard material is much thinner than I expected - it looks like 1/4 inch clear plexiglass type material . I was expecting something much thicker and more robust . overall fit and finish was poor on both the original unit they sent as well as the replacement - the paint on the backboard itself and on the frame were both poorly applied.The rim seems to be much better quality than the backboard and frame.To add insult to injury , after being up for about four months , -LRB- in our relatively mild California climate -RRB- the backboard Plexiglass came unglued from the frame . Fixable , but a big pain.Net is poor quality , twice over ...
 Cracked within 20 minutes of instulation with kids just playing normal BB . Replacement on order hope it last longer . Anyone else have such issues ?
 We are very disappointed with this item . Parts do not fit correctly , do line up , arrived with a crack , screws do not fit in the holes that are not even aligned correctly . Very upsetting , my 9 year old son was devastated as this was a present . Would NOT recommend this item .
 This product was absoluite garbage . The first one showed up with a large scrtach across the backboard . We then sent it back , and made the mistake of not opening the new one until the weather got better . The second one had a basketball sized hole through the backboard . Now we have to send it back at our expense and only for partial credit . It will be easier to throw it in the garbage where it belongs . Incidentally , this was my first and will be my last Amazon experience . Note , I would have given this zero stars , but Amazon 's system requires at least one star for the review to even post .
 This is not a remote control airplane . I thought it was . It 's just a model . Do n't buy it if you want a R/C plane .
 I ordered a medium because I had planned to use this tank during workouts and wanted a bit of room . Unfortunately the medium is more like an XL and because it 's so big it gives off a `` boxy '' look . I am a bit disappointed .
 I got three of these in different colors , because I just needed some basic tank tops for running . Not in love with them ; the quality does n't seem great , and the fabric is kind of stiff and scratchy . I did n't get around to returning them , so I suppose I 'll wear them , but I should have just gotten some Gap body tank tops .
 Just rec 'd - fabric is stiff , rough & somewhat transparent . Heavy weight ? Give me a break ! However , at this price plus cost of return shipping , I 'm gon na keep it and wear it for household chores such as cleaning toilets or kitty litter boxes . This fabric is cheap cheap cheap - if it was used for prison uniforms , it would be considered `` cruel and unusual '' punishment !
 no , I hated it and the only reason I did n't return it was that it was so inexpensive -LRB- and cheap ! -RRB- that it was n't worth the bother . It was very stiff and uncomfortable against my skin . A big disappointment . I threw it away -
 I bought this product for son the first time he put them on the ripped . He was so disappointed , because he was very excited about them .
 I thought i ordered the mini spider ball not the big ones . when it was delivered I was disapinted that they were so big . they are not easy to play with and can not be picked up , to heavy . tried to find the smaller size and no one has them .
 I did not receive the items that I ordered . I ordered 2 Sunlite Bicycle Tubes 20 X 2.00-2 .25 from this site . The products that I received were a Pyramid 16X2 .125 bike tube and a Pyramid 18X1 ,75 bike tube , neither on of which I can use . I used this site to notify the shipper of the mistake and requested directions and instructions to be able to return these unusable products . As of this date , I have not been contacted by Amazon or the shipper and am greatly dissapointed with the service and lack of correspondence . I definitely WOULD NOT recommend doing business with this shipper . I ended going to WalMart to purchase the product that I needed at a cheaper price and would recommend anyone else to do the same .
 Do n't know of what material this inner tube is made from but it will not hold a tire patch , not even a hot patch !
 I 'm not sure if this goes for all states , but the license plate frame covers up the sticker in the lower right-hand corner . I know that you MUST have that tag on your license plate in Colorado . The sticker says the last two digits of the year you 're supposed to renew your license plate tags . Hopefully , you ca n't get a ticket for that ! I only used the frame on the front license plate .
 I purchased this knife to replace the one I had to throw away when entering a sporting event . When I opened the box , I was surprised to see a knife that is WAY too big to fit in your pocket . The seller should have posted some sort of dimensions.I 'm sure it 's a good knife , but not practical for me . Guess it 's going to live in my tackle box : -LRB-
 This product has frayed apart at nearly every seam . I would not recommond it to anyone .
 I 've had this product for almost a year now -- roughly 11 months since I first bought it . The side seam has begun to rip and the hole there is getting larger and larger by the day . The material used to make the sackpack is good and you 'd think that it would last much longer than 11 months but mine has begun to rip . I am a bit disappointed considering that it 's an Adidas sackpack.And it was n't like I put this bag to anything hardcore either . It was used mainly as a bag to carry my work clothes to and from work . I 've never filled the bag to the point it could n't fit anymore in the 11 months I 've used this bag.I do n't recommend buying this bag unless you do n't mind it lasting only a year at most .
 This is our second one because of bball coolness . The strings always have to be reknotted -LRB- however , my son just lets them drag -RRB- and the one zipper always breaks after a few uses . If it was n't for cool bball fashion , we would not purchase this .
 The BlackWidow sling shot looked find when it came , but within a few days one side of the `` rubber '' was considerably longer than the other . Within a week it broke on the lengthened side . This sort or stuff happens so I prepared to send it back by reading the return rules from Datavision Computer Video -LRB- yes , I thought it was a strange item for a computer/video company to handle when I bought it , but they had good reviews -RRB- . Datavision 's return policy is geared toward high dollar items and is absurd for low cost items -LRB- all items are returned at the buyer 's expense and must be insured -RRB- . This would cost more than the item . I did reorder the sling shot from another company with a no cost return policy , and it seems to be fine . Read the fine print on the return policy - particularly on low cost items - regardless of the company rating .
 We bought 12 of these slingshots to play paintball with for a party . By the end of the day , every slingshot had at least some duct tape around the leather strap that holds the ammunition . The leather is very weak and broke after a seemingly insignificant number of shots , and if it did n't break at the connection to the rubber , then it tore in half . Would not recommend .
 The plastic handle opens at the seam when flexed -LRB- as in when pulling back the sling -RRB- and tends to pinch the hand . And the pocket is not well formed and does not capture the ammo well .
 I had to send this product back for an exchange , for one the product is different then her orginal exercise shorts that I ordered many years ago when they were new to her product line . The size chart was way off . I ordered a large according to the sizing chart . they were way to big and now I have to wait for an exchange , I hope the next pair fits cause I hate to pay for shipping again and again . .
 Although the overall fit is comfortable , after wearing these shorts twice I found that I could not take how hot they were to exercise in . I am giving mine away .
 I got them today and back they go today ! This item size chart is totally wrong base on measurements given !! I just got 2 pairs that I bought a few days back and I bought two since I am on a diet and I want to have an extra pair for after I loose the weight . Neither one fit . I am going to return them today . They will have a lot of returns if they do n't change those charts . I hope they are not measuring cows instead of women to take the measurements . What a waste of your clients time . Back you go !
 Too Heavy , hard to put together , too large . If you want to sleep on some rail road tracks , buy this . I returned mine . Worst purchase on Amazon I have ever made . Freight was awful . The Description is misleading . Do not buy this !
 ordered cleats for boat , Attwood Corporation 6246-3 8 '' Hollow Base Cleat - Pair , this is the Product DescriptionHollow Base Cleat - 8 inch Pair -- Die-cast Zamak with Perma-Plate chrome finish . This cleat offers all the performance advantages of a hollow base cleat . Bases are predrilled for quick , easy installation . Line up to 3/8 inch No. 8 fasteners . Skin packed . Sold in pairs . I ordered 3 items which is 3 pair but only received three cleats not three pairs
 I returned this item 2 days after receiving it with a confirmation saying you received it and have never been credited back to my account ?
 wow what can i say on this one ... the instructions are none existant ... rough drwings ... they show you were to place the cabin parts together give or take and inch or two apparantly no one could translate englishee to chineseee in the making of this kit . . only pictures with arrows ... good luck ... total looser . oh and by the way . . it does not stand up . . the nose is not heavy enough ... it drops back to its tail ... so you have to prop it up ... i tried even some fishing sinkers.in front . . no go
 I bought two tubes and new tires to replace on my son 's bicycle . I tested the new tubes by filling air and putting the tubes in a bucket of water to check for air leaks before installing . The tube was easy to install and has a good quality valve -LRB- seemed better than the original valve -RRB- . Unfortunately , after just a few uses , the tube started leaking air . I removed it and found that the joint between the tube and the valve was weak and that is where the air leaks . The leak was small but rendered the tube useless . Disappointed .
 I was very disappointed with this model . I purchased it to keep me occupied and help me relax while recovering from surgery . Unfortunately it had the opposite effect and only made me frustrated . Supplied instructions are often very hard to follow . They could have made assembling this model much easier by simply providing some detailed images of the final result . The only photos available are on the box and too small to see any details . Many parts just did n't fit together tightly which affected the attachment of other parts . Too many parts broke away from the trees with unwanted attachment pieces larger than the details necessary to identify the piece . Also too many of the pieces that are supposed to fit with pegs into predefined holes , were impossible to insert . I 'd like to mention that I called their customer service on one occasion when I was stumped and was very pleased with the response and help I received . My intent was to practice with this smaller scale , fewer pieces , model first and then invest in the larger sized , many more parts , model . I 've read some good reviews on the larger model and can only assume that it 's a very different product . After my experience however , I am afraid to invest the money and end up with the same disappointment .
 Stanley has put in a good effort to provide a tough and rugged plastic canteen , but it does n't quite cut it unfortunately . I ordered two of these canteens , one functioned perfectly for it 's entire 5-week use , and it was beaten and battered as much as possible . The second canteen failed minutes after I removed it from the packaging -LRB- the plastic cap holding the plastic loop onto the top simply broke off , aka bad manufacturing -RRB- . The cap on the second one was also exceptionally difficult to screw on -LRB- again , bad manufacturing -RRB- . Other liabilities include the rubber/plastic loop for the carabiner , which I feel merely out of instinct to be prone snapping -LRB- though neither of mine did -RRB- , and the canteen itself does not exactly feel invincible -LRB- perhaps stanley should package them with an insulating jacket to prevent shock/abrasion damage and keep liquids cool ? -RRB- . On the good side , it 's extremely handy for backpack storage , and you can even loop it around your belt or a backpack strap . One of mine was water-tight when sealed , the other leaked.Overall , I 'd have to not recommend this product , Stanley will undoubtedly come out with a second-generation of this canteen which will hopefully be vastly superior to this iteration .
 I bought this canteen with high hopes for all my other Stanley products have been fantastic . However , this product is horrible ! The very first time it was filled with water , it leaked at the round hole where the two different plastics met . I wanted to get a refund from Stanley but their site would not allow me to the correct area and it would have cost me as much to send it back as I had paid for it , therefore , I tossed it away and will never buy one of these again .
 I really liked this canister/water bottle ; however , it cracked at the based shortly after I got it , so I had to throw it out . With that , to anyone thinking of purchasing it , SAVE YOUR MONEY !!
 Somehow the solid handles look better than the translucent ones . Mine is not as finely finished on one side as the older red tinker that I have . I can also see signs of mild rusting inside the recess on the main blade where you insert your nail to pull out the knife . If you need to buy only one SAK in the 3.5 inch format go for the solid red handles .
 I ordered this item as a gift because a local store did n't have any when I went to purchase one . However , that same store had one this weekend and it was half the price ... wish I would have opted for a gift card to that store rather than ordering this one . One bad purchase decision in several years and many purchases from Amazon is n't too bad I guess . My advice
 The first tube popped with a little pressure . The second one I purchased expanded too much in one area of the tube . I 'm assuming the tubes were defective . Either way I 'll never purchase again . Stick with your LBS
 I have only had this tube installed for about 2 months . I had to put air in the tire tonight and when I put air in it and brought it to the 85lbs it is suppose to be rated for , the tube exploded . It was a default in the tube . Unfortunate for me , I ordered this tube a long time ago and just installed it , so it is out of warranty . Now I will need to purchase a new tube . I would not suggest this one .
 I 'll admit that I was in a bit of a hurry , but I 'm not a terribly ham-fisted mechanic . The first time I inflated these tubes , when removing the pump from the valve stem , the entire stem pulled off of the tube . Obviously instant , unrepairable flat and a useless tube . My feeling is that the valve stem separated from the tube far too easily . Maybe I just got a bum tube , who knows .
 When the tire tube arrived -LRB- 1 -RRB- would not inflat so I purchased another from a nearby store to save time .
 These lose air , are fragile , and have only lasted about 15 miles before popping . Overall a lousy product and waste of money . Absolutely not recommended
 bought 2 months ago , still ca n't figure out how to get air in them !!!! They were cheap but you ca n't use a normal pump to inflat : -LRB- I 'm probably doing something wrong !
 Basically , it 's like the title says . I bought two and they both go flat in under a day . So disappointed .
 I installed the tube by hand without tools so It 's not possible that I pinched the tube during installation . Day after installation , the tube was completely flat . I did n't even ride the bike because it was dark when I installed the tube . When I checked the tire the next day , it was completely flat . Poor quality and/or quality control.Now I have to see if I kept the box so that I can return it . Do n't waste your time and money on this product .
 I did read some review before I ordered the tubes ; it was my mistake for not listened to the bad raters . I do n't know how the others gave such high rating on this tube ; is BAD !! I bought two , one of the tube is not even -LRB- after pump air , a section has a egg shape -RRB- . I thought I could live with that , however , one tube leaks air after the first used , the other leaks after the 3rd used !! The high rated user might got lucky for their tubes , but I think this is due to bad quality control . Good luck if you still want to get this !!
 This tube did not even last 10 mins . Inflated to proper pressure and it blew out 5 mins later , before I could even get ready to ride . Do not waste your money or your time .
 I just started using these tubes , although they were sized 26 X 1.9-2 .35 . I have rarely had problems with flats , and I ride ALL THE TIME ! I rode three days straight and got four flat tires . The terrain I was riding was rocky , but not so much as to warrant flats at such an alarming rate.Additionally , the air valve is a very loose fit , but I was able to get air in the tires . I thought my pump was jacked up at first , took apart the pump , and re-inflated with same results . These tubes suck . Do n't buy them .
 i am just gunna make a long list of this product 's defects : - way too long for 27 wheels-parts of tube looked worn out-didnt even survive their first -LRB- approx -RRB- 10 mile ride.i really wish i had read the reviews before i bought it . waste of money ...
 This looked like a great deal from what I read in the other reviews , but the putter that I received was a cheap knock-off of what is shown in the photo . The ball and line markings seemed a bit less than professional , the perimeter weighted loop was just a loop and did not connect at the sides as shown , and the bottom of the club head was not solid and smooth , but instead an unfinished , hollow cavity with jagged corners . It seemed like there would be serious friction if the head came in contact with the green during your stroke and that it would need to be cleaned out constantly . It also felt lighter than I would have expected from the reviews . I promptly returned it . For what it 's worth , the head cover was included .
 I 've been using a putter for years that is bent . There was nothing special about this putter but I could still make shots with it . This one I bought to replace the bent putter and could n't get anything to sink with . I practiced with it , kept practicing but no matter what I did it seemed impossible to keep a consistent speed with it . It would go the consistently in the same direction and could adapt to that . However , the power was completely unpredictable . I 'm going back to the bent putter .
 you need to put this is a model on the item name . i thought it was already put together but it wasnt
 i am sorry but unless you enjoy working with a knife to try to get this very poor kit to fit together . . save your money . the tail and wings did not come close to being raedy for gluing .
 The frames on the older versions of this were likely chrome plated castings , and as such were more substantial . The problem with these is that the frames are stamped from stainless steel sheet , and are not stiff enough to fully compress the rubber pads , resulting in a gap between the frame and the gunwale . While it does n't look too bad , I ripped a pair of shorts on the corner of one of these while climbing into the boat .
 The model arrived today as expected but when I opened the box , the plastic packaging that kept the parts was open . There were loose bits of plastic joints and model parts all over box . It would appear as someone had taken parts out then returned the rest of the model kit . This is not good . I 'm not sure if the entire model is intact or if the kit is missing parts . Feels like someone took out parts and then returned the model back to the supplier . This is not at all promising .
 Instructions for the nose gear are not clear , the pieces that make this section do not fit properly . Makes it more frustrating that it needs to be . In comparison to other model kits out there , this one is more poorly designed .
 The quality of this sweatshirt is very poor . Went to pull up sleeve and wripped . Also there is a tear in the front pocket . The number I was told to call is an answering machine only . No one has returned my call and it has been over 3 weeks . I am completely unsatisfied and if I do not receive a call I will never purchase from Amazon/Star Struck Pro Team again . My order # is A018031800015 . Please call me ASAP !!!
 Read all of the good reviews and liked the scope initially . Seemed like a good value for an inexpensive scope . It was mounted on a Marlin 795 22 but while shooting the bottom reticule broke . Not sure how that could be since I thought they were etched into the glass , but the bottom line is now significantly shifted to the right . It will cost me about half the price of a new one to get it fixed or replaced by Simmons . Too late to send it back to Amazon .
 Time and time again I have sent you messages about this scope it does not have the A/O that is advertised -LRB- adjustable objective -RRB- please send me the correct scope . This was my 1st purchase and it is not as described the ad clearly state A/O . Nice scope but not what your ad says your selling .
 Put it on my Marlin 60 first day I got it . The rings that came with it did n't fit the railing properly , seemed to be made for rail set that was 1/4 '' . If memory serves me correct the Marlin 60 's railing is 3/8 '' ... so keep that in mind.I digress ... The rings got tossed out real quick for a pair of Wallyworld 1 '' aircraft aluminum .22 / airgun rings that are much nicer and seem to hold up better . The scope itself is GORGEOUS . Picture is clear as day and every single person who has touched my 60 has commented on the scope 's awesome picture .3 x is nice , 9x is even nicer , 32mm objective assures that nice bright clear picture stays that way . This scope even held zero after me accidentally picking it up by the scope while fitting my new stock to my Marlin . STRONGLY approve this to anyone.My only complaint is maybe that it does n't do more than 9x , but really ... even at 100yds 9x gives you good visual on the target . I 'll also post a picture of my Marlin to prove I actually own it . _____________________________________________ Review update 9/4/2012So I loved the scope initially . As many are reporting one side of the reticle came loose and now only 3 sides
 Mounted this on my Ruger 1022 . Using a bench rest , and fore and rear rests , sighting in at 50 yrds , this thing can not hold a zero . The adjustment turrets have a lot of slop , you can make click adjustments ... nothing happens . Then they catch and jump your allignment too far . It was a frustrating act of futility to zero this . I finaly got it close , and settled in to see what kind of groups I could get , and after a few shots the damn thing would start jumping my shots around . A 3 '' group at 50 yrds was the best I could manage . Lest you think I was maybe the problem , I hold a NRA Distinguished Expert Badge for 50 ft smallbore . Also was awarded Master Gunner In the Army where I was a marksmanship instructor . I DO know how to shoot . And a nickle group at 50yrds should be childs play with a 3-9 scope . Very disgusted with this purchase . Spend a little more for a Nikon and save yourself the aggravation . Hell , I bet a Barska would do better .
 After just over 100 rounds of standard velocity .22 LR -LRB- Ruger 10/22 carbine -RRB- , the reticle started to rotate while the scope was firmly mounted in the rings . I mounted it as soon as it arrived and then went on vacation , so I was just past the Amazon return window when I discovered the flaw . The scope did come with standard rings .
 Based on the reviews i bought this but i find myself constantly adjusting my eye to see through this scope properly.If my eye is not centered just right i cant see anything . I would not buy this again .
 Got scope in june . Have about 2500 rounds down range . Sighted in fine and holds zero on my 10 22 ruger -LRB- .22 lr -RRB- . Lately I have noticed one of the crosshairs is falling off recticle . No big deal is the vertical axis . My only big gripe is the + / - focus on the eyepiece keeps changing so you have to reset it every mag or 2 -LRB- i.e. 10 -20 rounds -RRB- . More of an annoyance than anything . Note it is a cheap scope with fairly clear lenses . 2 stars for these reasons 1 -RRB- failing crosshairs , 2 -RRB- pain in my a ** eyepiece magnifier .
 Reticle broke in two places , to the right of and below center , scope worked for a while on Henry 22 lever action . I shot mostly 22 shorts and subsonic LR.I missed a rabbit at 35 yards using CCI Minimag , same ammo I used to sight it in at 25 yards . I set up the target and after few shots determined that it was shooting high and to the right of bulls eye , ... . not happy with it I took it off and replaced it with Nikon P22.Today , I installed it on Daisy power 1000 pellet rifle , got it to hit 1 '' group then attempted fine tuning only to learn that reticle has broken in two places , disgusting.This piece of crap could not hold zero on a 22 caliber rifle mostly shooting low power rounds and could not take a recoil of an air rifle.Sure Simmons would fix it but I have to pay for shipping and it would only be good for another few shots , GARBAGE.I have $ 30 pair of Simmons 10x50 binoculars from Walmart that was worth the money for casual use , I also have a Simmons range finder that suits me fine but I will never buy another Simmons scope in any price range . If the price was true indicator of value -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB- I would have to pay a lot for gadgets I have but it 's not always the case , I have Center Point scope from Walmart on my Marlin 795 auto loading rifle , shot in excess of 3000 rounds of 22LR including CCI Stinger , that scope holds zero from the time I first set it and it costs me less then this crap from Simmons.Beware of the creamy , 5 stars reviews , this scope is a garbage and it will let you down in most critical moment.One star is for quick target acquisition eye piece , I liked it while it worked but some things require quality and reliability , this scope is good for nothing , huge disappointment and waste of money .
 This review is based on only short time use . The time is short because after mounting and zeroing on a Ruger 10/22 , the reticle rotated inside the scope after a short period . This was a defective scope . Seeing that there is another reviewer who received a defective scope , it might be wise to purchase from a source that offers easy exchange or return -LRB- like Amazon -RRB- . From my short experience , I would say the optical clarity is sufficient for a 22 rifle . Not super crisp , but fine for plinking with a 22 . Changing the power requires refocusing . At 9X I had the focus fully backed out at 25 yards . One can focus at closer distances at lower power . Obviously , I ca n't comment on how well it holds a zero.It comes with a set of budget rings for mounting to a 3/8-inch mount that is used on some air guns and 22 rifles . You 'll need to supply rings if you want to mount to a Weaver or Picatinny style rail .
 This is the first Simmons scope I have ever ordered . It seemed like it would be ideal for my new full-stocked Ruger 10-22 , however , I could not get it to adjust correctly with my laser bore sighter . I gave up on it and replaced it with a $ 20.00 Barska Colorado 3x9x40 which adjusted perfectly and had clearer optics . I bought another 10-22 as a gift and tried the Simmons again and with quite a bit of effort was able to get it boresighted . The adjustment is very &#34; mushy &#34; and is tough to set . Time will tell whether it will actually work . Conclusion
 For anyone looking for a scope with an Adjustable Objective -LRB- AO -RRB- , this is not it . The description says this scope is AO and the parallax is adjustable on this model but it 's wrong.The AO model with adjustable parallax is Simmons Part # 511072 , this is Simmons Part # 511039 . I ordered this scope a couple of days ago and had to return it .
 Good LOOKING scope , clear optics , but has obvious parallax issues . Mine came without rings , but I called the company and they shipped a set of rings at no charge . I mounted the scope on a 9422M and got 4 '' groups at 50 yards . Thinking it might be the gun , I borrowed a friends scope , also a Simmons 3x9x32 , and got similar results . I took the scope off and and shot the gun with the open sights and got a 1 '' group at 50 yards . These scopes would not hold their zero . Take this 50 yard group for example
 The bottom line on this scope it that , it may be well enough made , but the windage adjustment does not work . I give it one star but it does not even rate that . I live in an area where it 's not easy to find a place to shoot but the work I 've done with this scope so far and after about 50 rounds expended , the windage adjustment does not work . There was a great review in Gun Tests magazine for this product and that is why I bought it for my recently purchased Ruger 10/22 . Guess I must have gotten a lemon . I 'll either return it to Amazon or contact Simmons to get it fixed or replaced under warranty .
 The selection of colors is good , I would just put green in the large compartment , since it is usually the most important color . The case is flimsy , so if you are going to have it on you while you low crawl and/or combat roll , it will break . Having the mirror is nice but it does not stay in place and gets messed up in paint.Now the most important part
 I did not appreciate the ` structured ' fit . Gives your head a ` cone like ' feel . Not very happy with it . The hat sits in my office as a Husker memorabilia .
 Purchased for what I would consider a steal . About two compact discs . Looks nice and packs ok . However , there are two non-connected aluminum stays and no frame sheet . This leads to both imbalance and annoyance
 Although the pack looks OK at first glance , a seam at the top ripped the first time I used it ... I 'm returning it .
 Similar to the other reviewer , my seams ripped the first time i used it . I do n't like top loading as well , but it seems pretty common . Would avoid and spend an extra $ 20 and get something else.It does fit into carry on regulations , however .
 This sand bag does not have an inner bag , so it 's prone to leaking . Mine leaked slightly -LRB- around the top of the zipper -RRB- from the first day i got it . Then , about 2 months after purchase , I dropped it and one of the seams opened . Very disappointed - Hugger Mugger is a reputable company and usually produces quality merchandise .
 The plastic covers are not shiny like you see on the picture . Mine 's not polished . I would really get the traditional solid color if I knew it 'd be like this . The knife itself is fine . All the tools are working fine . Just it looks kind of hideous . I use it as a tool not an eye candy so i did n't return for another . So beware !
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 this product arrived opened and missing a suction ... i was very disappointed with this purchase .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 What a total rip off !! Any LBS would be happy to give you a couple cable tips if you asked for them . At the very least , maybe charge you a dollar for a bag of ten . However , charging $ 4 for shipping for an item that would not take more than a first class postage stamp is just wrong .
 What A f -- ing rip off , I ca n't believe Amazon has this rip off company on their site . It is totally misleading as far as how many caps you get and to sell A 10 cent item for 3.99 , NEVER AGAIN .
 My order for $ 3.99 only contained two tips , which was a surprise . I was expecting a small box of the tips . My local sports store -LRB- REI -RRB- confirmed that these items are inexpensive , and gave me five at no charge . If at least 4 or 5 tips were included , there would not be a problem .
 What is AMAZON thinking ? I could not believe this ad when I saw it , had to read it twice to be sure that was actually the price for a single cable tip ... I 've worked in a lot of shops and have always given these to anyone asking for them ! I 'd avoid this shop like the plague and hit your LBS up should you need small parts such as cable tips!Oh well , like W.C. Fields once said ; `` There 's a sucker born every minute ! '' Try not to be the ` sucker ' spending that kind of dough on a cable tip ! Cycling is expensive enough without rip-off artists scamming folks!Keep the rubber side down!Jeff
 Bike shops will either give you tips or charge $ .20 or less . Charging $ 2 for one tip is just ridiculous .
 go to your local bike shop and if you ask nicely they might even give u couple of them for free .
 2 tips ? Jeez what a & * -RRB- % $ ripoff ! These guys are too lame for words . Not even worth dealing with a return . Really really annoying .
 Cheap cables brake cables . They do n't have a lubricated inner lining like nicer cables , resulting in a lot of resistance in cable actuation . Get something better for a bit more money .
 I am a fan of the better named multitools . I love thie features , useability , and how they always come in handy . As such , I like to find deals so that I can keep extra ones in the car or toolbox etc. . I knew going in to this that for the price it was too good to be true . However , sometimes it can be ok to buy `` just good enough '' if you are n't expecting much and do n't plan on needing it a whole lot.First off , this is just worse of a tool than I orginally figured . I know that it says it is a mini tool , but when I received it , it was down right small , not very strong , and not useable . In short , I just do n't believe this is a good tool and even when onsale I believe it is better to go with a better name brand tool for five to ten dollars more and be happier in the long run .
 Wanted the tag pictured in the ad , a flag with prayer hands , some kind of toy arrived , I have to ship it back and I ordered a tag from another company with the tag I wanted for my car . Was very disappointed what was pictured was not what was shipped .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 I am sorry to report that I am not happy with this watch at all . After just two weeks the watch stopped . I would apprecaite if the products I buy from amazon worked properly .
 I was trying unsuccessfully to replace a really nice white Columbia fleece jacket that I bought some years ago which resisted stains amazingly , looks really nice on me , and goes with everything . This is not it . This -LRB- Benton Springs Style Number 209 WL 6114 -RRB- is a cheap imitation of my old fleece Columbia jacket -LRB- style number 207 WL6114 -RRB- . I bought three Benton Springs jackets on 1-27-2010 at Sports Authority and I 'm returning at least the two white ones , where the difference in quality is really noticable . I 'm going to keep a navy blue one where the inferior cut , styling , workmanship , and quality control is not as noticable . In white , mine look cheap and slightly flawed , workmanship wise . I have another white fleece jacket from Walmart with the same problem that came as a liner with a -LRB- cheap -RRB- white raincoat.Another difference is that the new ones are fuzzier , softer and thicker and the white is pinker . That would be fine if it hung and fit nicely like it 's predessor.It 's so hard to replace women 's clothes when they wear out , even in classic styles . Often I have to go to another brand to get the same thing since it 's `` out of style '' in the brand I start with . Are they assuming it never wears out ? The zipper eventually broke on my original Columbia fleece jacket , not before I got a lot of wear out of it , and a white jacket can not stay stain free forever even though this fabric was very stain resistant .
 I ordered this item through Amazon from The Fashion Rack on December 8 , 2010 and never recieved it . I have ordered many things from Amazon and have always received them , but did not recieve my order from The Fashion Rack or a response from The Fashion Rack . I watched the USPS tracking as it came to my state then went to a totally different state . I emailed The Fashion Rack through Amazon and never got a response to my email . I have emailed a second time still waiting to hear something .
 I ordered this columbia fleece in a size small . I received it today and it was a medium . The tag on the inside of the jacket says medium , and the sticker on the bag it was packaged it said medium , but the price tag said it was a small . The jacket is way too big for me , and I would like to return it . I am hesitant though , because I 'm worried that if I return it and order from this seller again I will receive another jacket in the wrong size . Has anyone else had this problem ?
 I owned a similar Columbia jacket years ago -LRB- not sure exact style -RRB- but I know that even then I would n't have spend an arm and a leg on it , so I figured it was reasonable to compare the two . This jacket feels incredibly cheap ! It 's ok , keeps me warm . A nice light fleece , but I was expecting something a little heavier and more durable . Hanging this over the back of my chair , I was worried that the posts on the chair were going to pop a hole through ! They are n't pointy and are a good size , at least an inch , and this was n't by exerting any sort of force on the jacket.The seller shipped me the wrong color anyway , and I 'm supposed to be getting a full refund . Otherwise , I 'd likely return it and fork some money out for something worthwhile .
 I ordered This almost 20 Days Ago And still Havent recieved it.So Im Completely Done With this seller.If you Expect it a Certin Time Dont Bother .
 Although I ordered the size I usually wear , the sleeves were much too long and it was n't large enough around the bust even though it was advertised as being loose fitting . Apparently this item was designed for tall , slender women with long arms . The advertising is misleading .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 These tires are OK at best , they are a very oddball size , and frankly am `` tired '' of looking all over the place for these things . IF you are getting a wheelchair ... DO NOT GET THE 24 '' wheel size . You want the 26 inch size . Why ? You might wonder.For starters these tires are not all the durable under average daily use . They where down very fast , and the sidewalls tend to slowly unravel and shred themselves . What is average daily use ? Taking stroll around the neighborhood , enjoying a roll with my girlfriend , and normal around the house use . Surfaces mostly travel on
 THIS PERSON REFUNDED MY MONEY AFTER I HARRASSED HER ON WHY SHE HASNT SHIPPED MY ITEM . SHE ANSWERED MY PHONE CALLS UP UNTIL I DEMANDED WHY IT WASNT SHIPPED YET , SHE THEN SHUT HER PHONE OFF . . AGAIN DO NOT BUY FROM HER
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 I bought this and used it but when stretching it snapped in half . I did n't have it that long either . It 's not worth it . I bought a Bally Total Fitness band that came with the exercise ball . I wish I can find that one again . It lasted for years . I will keep seaching for it . Thanks .
 This is a great band in terms of resistance -LRB- used in pilates and toning -RRB- , but it was NOT 6ft as advertised . It measured 5 ' 1 '' -- had I known that I would 've gone with something else as the extra 11 '' in length would really make a difference on some of the moves.UPDATE
 Need a stronger band for Wii active this band is not 6ftSo it does not work good for the game Active it is about 9 '' short
 Not impressed at all . Very bad fit on gun , fits loosely and not uniform . Scratches gun barrel when putting on , which it barely will stay on . Save your $ 20 , avoid !
 This product is a pile of ... . It did not fit well , scratched my barrel and looked terrible . Plus I thought it was made out of metal , not plastic .
 After reading about these `` night vision '' binoculars , I thought this was exactly what my husband would want for his birthday . We were VERY disappointed with this product in that the only `` night vision '' you could see with it is a light bulb . The lenses are tinted and the product had no mention of `` night vision '' capability in the enclosed brochure that came with it . The box had a sticker on the side -LRB- which covered up 2 other stickers which claimed to be other types of binocular -RRB- that said `` night vision '' . I was VERY disappointed with this product an it has been returned . As far as I 'm concerned , these are regular binoculars and do a decent job in daylight . I would NOT have purchased them if I had seen them in a store because they were not what I was looking for . FALSE ADVERTISING at best .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 I got the package and the box looked like torn before . The knife itself is good , though there are dust on the body . It 's suspect whether it 's a refurbished knife .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 These are NOT Real Clay ! Tthey are plastic -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- . I can shave off the plastic with my finger nail . I contacted the seller and they said I can return it but I have to pay for the shipping . The shipping charge is $ 30.00 . So , I decided not pay the $ 30.00 and keep the chips . But do n't be fooled by the name , these are NOT Real Clay !
 My son got this driver for Christmas , and used it three times before it broke on the driving range . One swing , and the head broke , flying half way across the range.It 's more disappointing , because he liked the thing . He liked the range it had .
 I have used this TWICE in a driving range . During a swing the head snapped off and flew 20 yards into the field everyone at the driving range started using my driver 's head as a target on the field . A decent driver but it wo n't last . DO NOT BUY THIS DRIVER .
 Once I got this club I liked the looks of it . First time I used it I was not that impressed . Really lacked distance . I have since bought a Cleveland Hi Bore XLS and the ball justs pops off the face . Added at least 20 yds with it off the tee .
 I do get some good hits with this thing , but I have far more bad ones . Maybe it 's just me swinging poorly but with my old Dunlop driver I hit about 75 % in the fairway , with this club I 'm at around 15 % . Maybe Tiger Woods can hit it , but I ca n't .
 Used this driver at the range last night for the first time . It felt nice and I was hitting pretty good until , `` pop '' the head snapped right off after hitting about 30 balls . Guess I 'll have to spend a little more for a quality club . This is definitely not it .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 Many broke when I hit them , cracked right in two ! I thought I had been out of the golf loop for years and needed practice , but when I hit these balls and destroyed them , I thought , Look out Links , here I come !! Well , my fantasy is over . It 's just that the practice balls are inferior , like my golf game . I 'll keep practicing but maybe not with these balls .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 I ordered this product at the beginning of December and I never recieved it . Thanks alot for taking my money and not sending me the product
 the starnut is great except that it slips out of my scooter bars im not sure why maybe it is an aluminum starnut but i dont think that should effect it that much
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 I am pleased with all the tools the knife has , as expected , but bizzarely , it seems that the knife I received was not an original . The red surface seemed scratched from wear and the tools seemed far too heavily oiled . The package did not include the standard Victorinox leaflet with instructions for use/maintenance , but the packaging looked like original packaging . Due to some personal circumstances , I did not have time to complain and sell the item back , so I sterilised it and am still using it . Sharp and in good shape , though .
 Ordered the same numbered sights that my sig sauer came with . But the truglo sights are way to high on the slide , makes the shot impact too low on target since one automatically aims higher . The front sight does not fit in the sig sauer sight tool , it is to wide for the slot in the tool . The sights do not sit flush on the slide like other brands do . The front sight has a gap of about a third of a millimeter and the rear sight about one millimeter gap between the slide and the sight . They look like they hover over the slide/pistol and are not part of the pistol to which the not matching design between the sights and the sig sauer pistols contribute highly to it . Truglo should have consider the fact of designing the sights accordingly to the design of the pistols that they are for . The sights are made out of aluminum but they look like they are made out of cheap plastic because of the semi glossy blueing on them , it just does not match the flat black finish of modern semi automatic pistols . I am 100 % disappointed and do not recommend them to anyone !!!
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 the actual compartment for this was too small and I did return it . For the outside dimensions , little inside functionality . I know it is for your lunch , but it takes up too much space . I prefer the sack that you can attach that is large and roomy
 This top has a very awkward fit . I do n't know how to describe it but it 's just one of those tops that looks like it has different features sized for different people ! Or maybe it was just with my size -LRB- M -RRB- . I do n't wear it much .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 I puchased this item to use as a backup to my primary gun , and It has 3 things wrong with it .1 . Its size ~ way too bulky might as well go with a sub-gun with a higher capacity instead . Ca n't use it as a primary paintball play gun , too bulky to carry as a backup .2 . Its capacity is too small ~ holds only 8 . Additional magazines are only $ 45 dollars ... are you kidding me ? 3 . Its Price ~ for the money go with somthing that has a real air supply system with it not little CO2s , I was disappointed with the range that I could get out of it.Don ' t purchase this item if you are serious about playing real paintball with it . Sold mine for what I could get out of it soon after I purchased it .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The labels on the box and inside the helmet read : `` This helmet provides minimal padding against impacts to the head and does not meet any established safety standards . Check your local safety laws for required helmet use . `` Unfortunately , this information is nowhere to be found on Amazon 's product description.I 'd rate it zero stars , but that 's not an option!Hoping that Amazon will come through with a full refund ...
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 Bought this reel as a back up for my citica knowing that my friend bought the same one from sports authority and is as good as my citica ... Long story short the spool control and magnetic brake system is a joke , it is very difficult to dial in and i am no beginner to baitcasting reels , very cheaply made , just a horrible horrible product . most likely defective because more than half of the products i purchase from amazon are defective . If you plan on getting a baitcasting reel that lasts and is solidly built you would be better off just saving your money and buy a reel that cost at least $ 100 if not more.Shimano Citica E Baitcasting Reel -LRB- 6.3:1 -RRB-
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The scooter lasted less than a week before a screw came loose making it impossible to ride . It feels like it 's made of tin .
 This product is not what it appears to be.The picture uses a logo similar to the razor scooter , these are not razor scooters ~ I should have read more carefully.I bought two for my nephews for their birthday . They could n't open the scooters by themselves and it took my brother-in-law -LRB- over 6ft tall -RRB- to jump up and down to get the wheels to light up.I have returned the scooters and bought razors -LRB- worth the extra money -RRB- and am still waiting on a refund .
 Nothing wrong with the knife except it does not have the Boy Scout emblem embossed on the handle as advertised . It 's just a plain huntsman knife , which you can buy for a few dollars less without the scout emblem . Sent it back with this complaint and promptly received a replacement knife just like the one I sent back ... no scout emblem . So I 'm giving up and sending it back for refund .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 Because of one glowing rating in particular , and because I thought the DVD expense surely reflected a superior product , I expected something amazing ! I was very disappointed . I understand interval training , but the pattern of 2 minutes at medium intensity , followed by 1 full minute of recovery , for the entire routine , feels like a very inadequate workout . Had I rated only the trainer , I would have given it 3 stars . This DVD is n't nearly as good as another trainer 's that I bought on sale at Target for 1/4 the price ... I 'm irritated at myself for spending my money on this !
 A couple of months ago I became interested in Kettlebell workouts in addition to my weekly routines of Body Pump , cycling , and yoga . `` The Ultimate Body Sculpt and Conditioning with Kettlebells '' was the second DVD I purchased for home use . I did two of the workouts , found them very boring/dull , and have not used it since . Also , some of the moves did not include using the Kettlebells which was surprising for a KETTLEBELL workout . More recently I began using the Skogg System . It rocks ! Spend the extra money and you 'll be glad you did.SKOGG System Kettlebell Workout 5 DVD Set
 Was really excited for this and felt it was quite an investment compared to other DVDs . However when I received it I saw that it was weirdly black on many parts of the DVD ring . After putting into into my computer it does n't even recognize that there is a DVD in there and you can hear it crunching . Sucks because I 'm abroad for the rest of the year and shipping it back would be more expensive than buying a new one . Never had this problem before . What gives , Amazon ?
 This is not a good workout if you have been working out regularly for years . This is very simple , slow and it will not challenge you at all . This should be rated easy and would be very good for new exercisers only .
 This workout was hard and definitely not for beginners . I 'm sticking with my Lauren Bell workout . Faster and more interesting . This one is boring !
 Poor quality of instructions and bad audio . After one viewing - pitched the DVD in the trash .
 The instructor knows what she 's doing and the exercises are well taught . But the quality of the video is poor and the instructor is rather dull and lacks personality . Additionally , the background music is repetitive and boring . The exercises are fine to do , but between each one there is about 60 seconds to rest , which is fine , but fun music to move in place or something would be so much better than what 's there , which is basically nothing . This is a good DVD to learn some exercises from , but it is way to boring to use more than a couple of times .
 I began Kettlebells with Bob Harper Cardio Shred and Angie Miller Kettlebell Boot Camp . Both videos are great but in different ways . Bob Harper is a bit more arobic and is a really tough workout . Angie Miller is a bit more anarobic and I needed to improvise to protect my knees but a very good workout . I 've been doing these videos on an alternating basis for about 6 months and can see results . I started with 15 lbs for both and now go back and forth between 20 and 25 lbs . Both videos are close to 1 hour in length with little rest time.I liked the kettlebell workouts so much that I decided to try something new . After reading reviews I decided on Ultimate Body Sculpt by Lauren Brooks . The video was , for me , disappointing . I wanted something to kick it up a notch but the 2 minutes workout/1 minute rest was too much rest . I know you can fast forward but you end upwith less than 30 minutes of workout . Also , I used 20 lbs for the entire workout and this seemed way too easy . I have a 35 lb kettlebell but I 'm not sure that much weight would be wise.All in all , the video is good but not great . If you want to get a really great kettlebell workout for a reasonable price you can get both Bob Harper and Angie Miller for less than 1 Lauren Brooks . The video quality of Harper and Miller is much better as well . Brooks is not my worst purchase but definitely not up to Harper and Miller . In my opinion I would use the Brooks video only when in a time crunch and then only if I could fast forward the rest periods .
 Save your money and get a real poncho . This is not the same style or quality as an original . very misleading . i wouldnt buy another one for $ 2 !
 Not as expected and is not the same as a real issued GI poncho . This picture looks different then what I got .
 Do n't let the GI in the title fool you . This is not a Mil Spec poncho & is a cheap chinese knock off . Would not rely on this item to keep me sheltered or dry .
 Do you want to know why on the picture that guy did not put on the hood . It is because he can not . The poncho body is design for an adult but the hood is for an infant .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The knife we ordered was supposed to be new or in new condition , however when it arrived it had scratches on the handle . We returned the knife and purchased a new one for approximately the same price at a retail store . Our account has not been credited for the returned knife .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The picture is very deceiving because the hat is small and looks old . However , if you 're looking to buy a hat for a toddler then you may like this product .
 The quality of the hats was O.K. for the money . But it was too small . It barely fits my 7 years old son . So I gave to him . If you need a hat for a kid , go for it . But if you need good size hat , do n't buy from these guys .
 The picture and the description lie . The front is not foam and the hat is big enough for a small infant . Nothing irritates me more than false advertising .
 the picture of the cap is not consistent . the cap like made with cheap materials and not worth the price
 Crappiest hat EVER . Its like toddler size and the picture is VERY misleading.Alas , you get what you pay for.But hey , if you want a cheap quality , crappy hat then by all means buy it !!
 Funny thing , I got the product a month late and then complained about it so the company said they would give me some ridiculous percentage off on my next purchase . Wake up morons ... . there wo n't be another purchase
 Funny thing , I got the product a month late and then complained about it so the company said they would give me some ridiculous percentage off on my next purchase . Wake up morons ... . there wo n't be another purchase
 During my third use the large black band for bicep curls the band broke . The attachment was still intact , the band itself sheared .
 I bought this DVD because I have a yoga DVD -LRB- All Day Yoga for Beginners -RRB- with Suzanne Deason that I like . I 'm have n't done much pilates and I 'm definitely not an athelete but this workout -LRB- except for a few moves -RRB- was way too easy . Since it 's a DVD for weight loss I was expecting to sweat or feel a burn in my muscles but I did this for an hour and afterwards I did n't feel like I had exercised at all . I 've only done the workout twice because it just does n't seem worth it . If you 're looking for a good pilates routine that will challenge you , I 'd recommend The Method pilates series .
 Funny thing , I got the product a month late and then complained about it so the company said they would give me some ridiculous percentage off on my next purchase . Wake up morons ... . there wo n't be another purchase
 Funny thing , I got the product a month late and then complained about it so the company said they would give me some ridiculous percentage off on my next purchase . Wake up morons ... . there wo n't be another purchase
 I pay for my buckle and I did n't get it were is it . ?? I want it I pay for it ...
 Funny thing , I got the product a month late and then complained about it so the company said they would give me some ridiculous percentage off on my next purchase . Wake up morons ... . there wo n't be another purchase
 Funny thing , I got the product a month late and then complained about it so the company said they would give me some ridiculous percentage off on my next purchase . Wake up morons ... . there wo n't be another purchase
 I got this backpack over the internet with high-hopes . My mistake , I should have got one in my hands before dropping the money . For light use it would probably be great , but given its capacity I do n't feel it is designed for light use . Straps have broken , plastic fasteners have broken and the bottom worn thin , then wore out way too quickly.The front pocket and middle pocket hang loose inside the main compartment making any sort of retieval from the main compartment difficult if other pockets are even moderatly filled . This goes for camping or classroom activities.In all , I should have gotten the standard 2-compartment Eastpack.If you buy this I hope you have better luck than I did .
 SEAMS ARE RIPPING . I DID NOT TAKE THIS BAG ON A FEW DAY TRIP . I USE IT EVERY DAY TO TRANSPORT MY LAPTOP TO AND FROM WORK , I HAVE USED IT FOR ABOUT 250 DAYS . ACTUALLY , I TRANSPORT IT TO AND FROM MY CAR IT NEVER GOES MORE THAN 100 STEPS PER DAY , CARRYING JUST MY LAPTOP . THE BACK STRAPS ARE ABOUT TO FALL APART , ONE OF THE HIP BELTS RIPPED OFF , THE COUSHIN IN THE BACK IS FALLING OUT OF THE POUCH . THIS BAG WAS A WASTE OF MY MONEY . BY THE WAY , THE LAST BACK PACK I GOT LASTED ABOUT 8 YEARS , I TAKE CARE OF MY STUFF . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS BAG . AS FOR THE LIFETIME WARRENTY , THAT IS NOT AGAINST WEAR AND TEAR . SO , THE BACK IS FINE AS LONG AS YOU DONT USE IT .
 I 'm here at Amazon today trying to find an alternative footbag to buy and saw the ratings on this product which I 'm about to throw out so figured I 'd share my $ .02 on the thing . It 's not worth $ .02 however.Have used this for one session . It 's a crying shame Wham-O now owns the rights to the Hacky Sack brand . There was a time when made in China meant something , but not anymore . The pleather panels are coming apart at the seams on 2 locations on this thing . I mean really , why bother even making the product Wham-O if you have to cut so many corners that the product is this cheap ? What exactly are you thinking?Save yourself some irritation . Spend your money on any other product . This is not a hacky sack like the hacks of old .
 Looked nice , but the workmanship is horrible . My son played with it for 10 minutes and the stitching is already breaking open .
 Bought this on sale , for about 1/2 the cost of the Camelback `` Classic '' . But I rarely use it since no matter what I do , it leaks . It leaks at the joint where the drinking tube attaches to the bladder . After about the 3rd use , a velcro patch used to close the top of the pack started unstiching from the pack . I would not recommend this product .
 This Hydration pack not only tasted horrible on first use -LRB- even after a nice rinse out -RRB- it has continuously tasted horrible throughoyut all of my rides since I bought it . The taste of plastic s nauseating . When you are riding for long period of time and you ojnly have plastic tasting water to drink , it will do , but should be avoided . I tried to rinse it out using lemon juice to no avail . It still tastes horrible.The pack is going to be absolutly great when it stops tasting so bad . The pockets are nice and the design is sturdy .
 I like the size , design and pricing for this bag . Unfortunately , upon my first time using this bag , the connection to the reservoir bag was leaky . Not a little leak , but within a few minutes , there would be a puddle where the bag stands . I tried switching the tube around and it still leaks . Then I found out that the connection to the mouthpiece leaks as well . I emailed Outdoor Products but got no reply . I resorted to lining the connections with saran wrap to fill up whatever gaps were there to cause the leak and that seem to fix the problem for now . Now I 'm considering a Camelbak instead .
 just got it today and i am kinda mad there is a small leak near the top so i have to keep it upright or the bag gets soaked . the pack itself though is very nice , many pocekts for keys , cell phone , ipod , ect .
 Be warned , while the warranty says one thing Outdoor Products will NOT stand behind it.I have been in contact with them since July ' 10 . They admit the issue is covered , they continue to promise they will take care of me , and they continue to fail to do so.My pack is unusable due to Outdoor Products poor construction and failure to back it 's warranty .
 Hello , I got this pack because of the good reviews , but to my surprise I am here to leave very negative feedback . This product was purchased to run the Spartan Obstacle Race-The Beast , which is the toughest of all . It takes around 7 hours to finish it . The event creators made it mandatory to have a hydration system , which is the reason of my purchase . I wanted to pick something `` economical '' since it was ordered on the same week of the race . There was no time to fully research and go with an expensive one instead.I filled the hydration pack with filtered water , got to the race and once I was in mile 1 or 2 I tried to get a sip of water and it tasted very bad . I should say extremely bad . An awkward acidulous taste , like of a chemical compound . I thought that it could be the water I had used -LRB- but it was filtered -RRB- so halfway the race in mile 7 there was a water refill station . I was able to get rid of the water and re-fill it with `` new fresh water '' . But to may surprise , the water still tasted like CRAP.In the end , this hydration pack ruined my plans for the race . One can not ignore the importance of hydration . When I got back to the motel , I check the bladder to see what was wrong ... unfilled and refilled several times and eventually the horrible taste was gone . Then when I went back home to New York , I look at the instructions manual and this never comes up . At no point there are indications about `` rinsing '' the bladder first before use.Conclusion , this was a defective product in my opinion and there could be more out there-be careful .
 I purchased this for a recent trip to Iceland . The bag arrived and in theory , this bag is awesome . I was happy with it upon arrival . However , within two days one of the straps teared off at the seam and was held on only by a string , and after another day , another strap teared completely off . There are many cool little compartments for various things , and the hydration pack part worked okay , but the quality and durability of the pack itself is crap . I basically bought it , used it for 10 days during my trip , the thing fell apart , and now I can no longer use it . Complete waste of money . SPend a little more and get a camelback .
 This is a poorly designed bag and the quality leaves much to be desired.The hydration system is difficult to use and you really have to suck on the tube to get the liquid flowing . Other designs have a valve that opens releasing the pressure in the bladder , making the flow more easily . Quality was poor ; there were numerous stitches that were loose and frayed , making the durability of the bag questionable . The neoprene hose cover was torn in two places and the removable clip -LRB- to hold the tube -RRB- was missing.I bought this instead of the more expensive Camelback , but you get what you pay for . I do not recommend this bag and advise that you spring for the extra coin for a better quality product .
 This item was/is not at all what I expected . Even in the photos one is lead to believe this ball will roll in most any direction but straight . However once we actually used it we were all very disapointed . I placed the ball -LRB- unknown to friends -RRB- onto the pool table and we played 2 games with it . NO one could tell there was anything wrong with this ball . It rolled as straight as any Q ball I have ever played with . It only curved `` slightly '' just prior to stopping . I recently viewed a crazy 8 ball in a store . It was 100 % different than the Q ball . Crazy 8 even rolled back and forth and was `` clearly crazy '' ! But this Q ball ... I wish I had returned it . But by the time I had friends over to play pool and see this ball in action , it was too late . Also the place I bought from stated I would have to pay the shipping both ways which pretty much almost equalled the price of the ball . I will likely put it in a garage sale to get rid of it now . It 's worthless to me . Not at ALL what I expected . That store I visited sells ONLY the crazy 8 ball . . and it is easy to see why they do NOT sell this so called `` crazy Q ball '' .
 Bought this product for my seven-year-old son for Christmas . A few days before Christmas I gave it a test run and , like the previous reviewer , found that the ball sticks and that sometimes hits and outs do n't register . So I returned it and got a new one . I gave it a test run for a few minutes and it seemed fine so under the tree it went . Christmas morning my son is excited by the game but after playing with it for five to ten minutes the ball starts to stick again requiring him to pick the game up and tilt it slightly . One or two times he could live with but it got to be every five or six pitches . Very annoying . Then , inexplicably , the game starting shutting off -- once after he and I had played four innings . So I replaced the brand new batteries with three more brand new batteries . But it continued to happen every time he played with it . Eventually he gave up but , because he actually enjoyed the game when it worked , he went back to it the next day . Same thing happened . So I had to return it . It was bad enough that my son was disappointed but the fact that he still believes in Santa made it worse because he thinks Santa gave him a defective toy . So now we have to send it back to the `` North Pole '' and have Santa send a new one , with letters to and from Santa included . If the D + engineer who designed this toy is reading this , then thanks for taking some of the fun out of my son 's Christmas . Also , if you ever get around to re-designing the toy , make it slightly harder to score runs . A 26-17 score after four innings is a bit ridiculous , even for a toy for an elementary school kid .
 This is a pretty good Idea , Son and I enjoyed it . Problems were found , The ball sticks , have to be tilted to shake loose . It does not always makes announcments on balls , outs and homeruns . Looks and sounds good.It held him for about an hour , then he went to something else . Priced a little high because of the problems . $ 10 less would be OK .
 The knife you will receive is the newer BSA Explorer not the Yeoman that is pictured . While the Explorer is a fine knife -LRB- I already have a couple -RRB- it is not what I wanted . I wanted a 3 layer SAK with magnifying glass and in line Phillips screwdriver . The Explorer is a 4 layer knife , too thick for my every day use . This is a great knife if you want a BSA Explorer but not if you expect a Yeoman .
 After losing my beloved Explorer to TSA last week , I quickly ordered another . Unlike my previous knives , the tools were so stiff , they were nearly impossible to open . Also , it did n't come with the molded box insert that the SAK normally comes with , and in lieu of the mini owner 's manual that usually comes with it , there were instructions stamped on the box to visit the Victorinox website . The whole thing just reeked of being fake . I sent it right back and ordered a different model -LRB- the Champion -RRB- which has more tools , works properly , comes with a users guide and only cost $ 1 more . Kudos to Amazon 's quick and easy return policy , but I 'm hoping that they become more vigilant about what is being sold on their website .
 the handle was chipped and it weighs too much too use for practice use . tho for the price its a fun tool to show off ur skills to ur friends . not an authentic naginata
 No question about the quality or features ; and the price was right . Replaced the one that got stolen . Great tool to leave in the car . Only downside is that now I 'm constantly spammed by Amazon
 The fit of this shirt is small , so order a size larger than you ordinarily wear .
 I would never buy this product again , the quality of the skate was very poor . The ball bearings are coming out of the skates .
 i am a 12 year old boy and my friends and i like to skate a lot so i thought i should get some good skates so i picked these out and they did not work out . the first day i used them my stopper fell of when i tried stopping and the wheels constently got stuck they did not work out so i go home greese em up now the wheels work a little more i try the next day and dident use the stopper and stopped by putting myskate down hard and i looked at my wheels a miniute later and they where sharded up listen if you want skates youll be better of using dora the explorer skates than these pieces of junk
 i am a 12 year old boy and my friends and i like to skate a lot so i thought i should get some good skates so i picked these out and they did not work out . the first day i used them my stopper fell of when i tried stopping and the wheels constently got stuck they did not work out so i go home greese em up now the wheels work a little more i try the next day and dident use the stopper and stopped by putting myskate down hard and i looked at my wheels a miniute later and they where sharded up listen if you want skates youll be better of using dora the explorer skates than these pieces of junk
 These skates are very comfortable ... but within ten minutes the stopper had busted . No wonder this item is no longer being sold . : -LRB-
 I would never buy this product again , the quality of the skate was very poor . The ball bearings are coming out of the skates .
 These skates are very comfortable ... but within ten minutes the stopper had busted . No wonder this item is no longer being sold . : -LRB-
 i am a 12 year old boy and my friends and i like to skate a lot so i thought i should get some good skates so i picked these out and they did not work out . the first day i used them my stopper fell of when i tried stopping and the wheels constently got stuck they did not work out so i go home greese em up now the wheels work a little more i try the next day and dident use the stopper and stopped by putting myskate down hard and i looked at my wheels a miniute later and they where sharded up listen if you want skates youll be better of using dora the explorer skates than these pieces of junk
 i am a 12 year old boy and my friends and i like to skate a lot so i thought i should get some good skates so i picked these out and they did not work out . the first day i used them my stopper fell of when i tried stopping and the wheels constently got stuck they did not work out so i go home greese em up now the wheels work a little more i try the next day and dident use the stopper and stopped by putting myskate down hard and i looked at my wheels a miniute later and they where sharded up listen if you want skates youll be better of using dora the explorer skates than these pieces of junk
 i am a 12 year old boy and my friends and i like to skate a lot so i thought i should get some good skates so i picked these out and they did not work out . the first day i used them my stopper fell of when i tried stopping and the wheels constently got stuck they did not work out so i go home greese em up now the wheels work a little more i try the next day and dident use the stopper and stopped by putting myskate down hard and i looked at my wheels a miniute later and they where sharded up listen if you want skates youll be better of using dora the explorer skates than these pieces of junk
 i am a 12 year old boy and my friends and i like to skate a lot so i thought i should get some good skates so i picked these out and they did not work out . the first day i used them my stopper fell of when i tried stopping and the wheels constently got stuck they did not work out so i go home greese em up now the wheels work a little more i try the next day and dident use the stopper and stopped by putting myskate down hard and i looked at my wheels a miniute later and they where sharded up listen if you want skates youll be better of using dora the explorer skates than these pieces of junk
 These skates are very comfortable ... but within ten minutes the stopper had busted . No wonder this item is no longer being sold . : -LRB-
 I would never buy this product again , the quality of the skate was very poor . The ball bearings are coming out of the skates .
 Sadly , these skates do n't roll and the company has refused to exchange them . Too bad because my daughter loves the look and feel of the boot , but she also would like to skate . Save yourself the trouble , buy something else .
 We got these skates as a present for our 5 year old daughter . We received them with just one lace . I called the company that handles the customer service and spoke to someone that promised to send the missing lace . However after a whole week waiting for the lace . Mind you a week seems like forever for a little girl that wants to try her skates , we finally received a lace . However this lace was an adult size lace so we were able to strap it around her waist a couple of times too . So I called again . Got , again , a rude person on the line that said I just needed to shorten the lace myself . From experience I know that making a nice end to a lace after cutting them is not easy so I asked why they were not able to just send me a proper lace for this type of skate . Seeing that these skates are brand new ! And seeing that they just send us an incomplete product . Again a rude reply . The woman I spoke to was not going to handle it and someone of the sales department would call me back the next day . Needless to say ... they did not . But after another week we received a kidsize lace . Without a note or something . But hey , we can now finally try them on ... after just 3,5 weeks and some annoying calls .
 I never received the product , sent 2 e-mails and got no response from seller . Very poor service experience . Amazon Customer Service was great ; took care of the refund .
 We 're disapointed with the speed of processing and communication provided on this order . Shipment will arrive 12/31 when the product was ordered 12/8 .
 Purchased for my granddaughter in June 2011 . Frame cracked after about 10 uses . I would expect a product like this to last until she out grows them .
 I ordered this because the picture shows a knobby grip like my old Sampras , but the one I received is the Federer version . It has a flat grip and it 's bright yellow ... nothing like the picture .
 These skates were super cute , but they were too heavy for me , and that made them uncomfortable for me to wear . They were a little long , so they were too big for me . I usually wear a size 10 though . Not sure what socks would be best , since they are narrow as well . The leather that rests on your calf dug into my skin.I ended up returning them because it was really bought on a whim purchase .
 If you are looking for a skate that actually rolls , this is not the skate for you . As a child I did some figure skating on the competitive level , until I was twelve , then just went to session skating until I was about 17 years old -LRB- always with professional skates -RRB- . I 'm now 40 years old and recently decided I 'd like to start skating again after enjoying a day of skating at my son 's birthday party . I knew this Chicago Rink Skate would n't be on the professional level , but I was really disappointed that it does n't roll well . I loosened the wheel , but that did not help at all . If you 're looking for a skate that rolls , you should make sure the bearings are at least an ABEC 3 -LRB- this skate comes with the lowest rating of 1 -RRB- . And if you 're planning on skating only indoors , shoot for a harder wheel , which will also help your skate roll.I returned my skates and did more research to insure a better skate purchase . I recently received my `` Fandango '' skates by Pacer . For just $ 12 more -LRB- thanks to a wonderful sale -RRB- , I have a skate that rolls FAST -LRB- ABEC 5 bearings -RRB- , with the smoothest hard wheels -LRB- durometer of 101A -RRB- ! I 'm rolling fast now ! Oh , and the leather on my Fandangos are real , and they came with a skate case -- score ! Instead of buying these toy skates , I recommend looking for a good deal on a skate of better quality.I want to point out that some of the photos in the description are not the actual skate for this listing . This skate comes with a light colored heel and an adjustable toe stop -LRB- which is n't mentioned in the description -RRB- . The skate with the black heel is a different Chicago skate .
 The skates are too stiff and too hard ... . And the heal in way too hight for skating . I ordered a 6 and im normally a 7 it fit good but the stiffness of it does not help .
 The skates look made well but look different that pictured on Amazon . Also they were a whole size too big . I returned them and I am anxiously awaiting for my refund . They should not put pictures of the product up unless they look exactly like what they are shipping .
 I wanted to love these skates . They are white and pink , with eyelet lacing and exactly as I remembered from my childhood . But I ca n't skate in them . I do n't know if I just got a bad pair , but they are horrible . The wheels have no give in them -LRB- I even had them loosened as much as possible at the skating rink -RRB- so turns are a challenge and there is no smooth movement and they run large , so they bunch up at my ankle in a very uncomfortable way . I prefer renting rink skates to these .
 After about 6 wears , though they look good , wheels are lose and expert at rink told me dangerous and unrepairable . i would spend more for a better quality product as these definitely fall into the category of &#34; you get what you pay for . &#34; Do n't waste your money !
 These skates are bottom of the barrel , trick you into reliving your childhood purchase.They are VERY narrow and put together pretty cheaply.Just a heads up to people buying : They wheels dont turn well because the bearings are the crappiest and cheapest and slowest you can get . You can loosen and oil all day long and you will still feel slow.i hate chicago and rollerblade brands . total gimmicks .
 I bought these skates for my daughter less than 2 months ago and the wheels are falling apart on them . I have had to spend extra money buying new wheels as the only other option would be to pay for shipping and only getting a partial refund . I am not happy with this order at all !
 I ordered this skate since I could no longer find my original skates and my daughter was interested in skating . After reading through the reviews I took a chance and ordered a pair . This was a mistake !! I ordered the correct size but the boot is very narrow -- and I do not have wide feet ! Not to mention that the skate key broke the first time I used it to tighten the wheels . After putting them on and going out on the floor with my dughter , I could instantly tell that the wheels were warped on both sides ! I have not made up my mind whether to send them back or order new wheels . I have ordered the Riedell Artistic skate for 130.00 . It is well worth it and they are the perfect pair of skates ! Please spend the extra money and buy what you really want in a skate !
 I bought these skates and have skated about 2 hours a week for the first month I 've owned them . Now the wheels locked up and I had to replace them . If you are going to skate occasionally , then these might be good skates for you . Or if you are a beginner and do n't want to rent skates , these might be good skates for you . But if you are going to skate regularly , do n't buy these as they wo n't last long .
 After skating one day for 3 hours , some of the bearings are bad in my daughter 's skates , making the wheels wobble and making a clicking noise.After reading other reviews we bought a full size down , which is a perfect fit .
 looking for low cost beginner skates - you found it.plastic wheels - hard to turn.really run large - be careful , if you order wrong amazon will charge you for shipping , they do n't seem to work with you if you wanted to exchange for smaller size even though on the front page not warning of how sizes run -LRB- you get a refund then have to order again -RRB- -LRB- should n't have to read reviews to find out they run large -RRB- look Great ! perform OK ! -LRB- slow -RRB- talk to your local roller rink about help with size . -LRB- they may have some used ones lower in price but will be much better . -RRB-
 We ordered this product in a size 8 and when we received it , it was marked size 8 but it was easily a normal size 10 . We had to pay to ship it back and exchange it for a smaller size , when there should have been an advisory that the skates run extremely large . It cost $ 19 dollars to ship it back for the exchange in addition to the original cost of the skates plus shipping . Other than that the skates are true to the description and are very cute . Therefore the skates actually cost $ 69 instead of $ 50 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- .
 The skates are beautifull but they do not roll as good as they look . I skate well but in these I lacked confidence and became very afraid of falling . After oiling the wheels they continue to leak black gook . The Chicago company owner was not helpful at all and became angy and rude at my request for help in fixing the problem . I am very disappointed and will not purchase another Chicago skate .
 These skates are dangerous e 2nd time I used them one of the wheels came loose and the ball bearings came out ! I was skating at the skating rink and had felt something funny going on with the wheel , I left the rink and and bearings were falling everywhere ! I was so worried other people who were skating we 're gon na fall . Beware of these skates do not buy !
 The skates appeared to be a good value after my daughter wore them to the skating rink two times . After the third trip , she asked me to tighten the wheels . I took the wheel apart and noticed that the bearings were shot . Although they seem like a `` good buy '' at just under $ 50 , they turn out to be a waste of $ $ when they can not be used after only 3 skating trips . I should have read the reviews before clicking on `` Add to Cart '' .
 These skates feel like skating through gravel . The wheels are made of plastic -LRB- not rubber -RRB- , are flat around the edges so do not turn easily , make skating difficult and slow , and for some reason made me shock everyone that I touched . I asked whether buying new wheels for them would help , but was told to purchase new skates and save the aggravation . The sizes run large and there is little padding . I would not buy them for anyone . Very disappointed .
 Seat just rubs me the wrong way . The inside of my thigh got sore and is not made for hybrid bikes or the road conditions I ride . Would return but its not worth the money or the hassle . The new one I got for my wife was not much more and twice the seat .
 These skates were super cute , but they were too heavy for me , and that made them uncomfortable for me to wear . They were a little long , so they were too big for me . I usually wear a size 10 though . Not sure what socks would be best , since they are narrow as well . The leather that rests on your calf dug into my skin.I ended up returning them because it was really bought on a whim purchase .
 If you are looking for a skate that actually rolls , this is not the skate for you . As a child I did some figure skating on the competitive level , until I was twelve , then just went to session skating until I was about 17 years old -LRB- always with professional skates -RRB- . I 'm now 40 years old and recently decided I 'd like to start skating again after enjoying a day of skating at my son 's birthday party . I knew this Chicago Rink Skate would n't be on the professional level , but I was really disappointed that it does n't roll well . I loosened the wheel , but that did not help at all . If you 're looking for a skate that rolls , you should make sure the bearings are at least an ABEC 3 -LRB- this skate comes with the lowest rating of 1 -RRB- . And if you 're planning on skating only indoors , shoot for a harder wheel , which will also help your skate roll.I returned my skates and did more research to insure a better skate purchase . I recently received my `` Fandango '' skates by Pacer . For just $ 12 more -LRB- thanks to a wonderful sale -RRB- , I have a skate that rolls FAST -LRB- ABEC 5 bearings -RRB- , with the smoothest hard wheels -LRB- durometer of 101A -RRB- ! I 'm rolling fast now ! Oh , and the leather on my Fandangos are real , and they came with a skate case -- score ! Instead of buying these toy skates , I recommend looking for a good deal on a skate of better quality.I want to point out that some of the photos in the description are not the actual skate for this listing . This skate comes with a light colored heel and an adjustable toe stop -LRB- which is n't mentioned in the description -RRB- . The skate with the black heel is a different Chicago skate .
 The skates are too stiff and too hard ... . And the heal in way too hight for skating . I ordered a 6 and im normally a 7 it fit good but the stiffness of it does not help .
 The skates look made well but look different that pictured on Amazon . Also they were a whole size too big . I returned them and I am anxiously awaiting for my refund . They should not put pictures of the product up unless they look exactly like what they are shipping .
 I wanted to love these skates . They are white and pink , with eyelet lacing and exactly as I remembered from my childhood . But I ca n't skate in them . I do n't know if I just got a bad pair , but they are horrible . The wheels have no give in them -LRB- I even had them loosened as much as possible at the skating rink -RRB- so turns are a challenge and there is no smooth movement and they run large , so they bunch up at my ankle in a very uncomfortable way . I prefer renting rink skates to these .
 These skates are bottom of the barrel , trick you into reliving your childhood purchase.They are VERY narrow and put together pretty cheaply.Just a heads up to people buying : They wheels dont turn well because the bearings are the crappiest and cheapest and slowest you can get . You can loosen and oil all day long and you will still feel slow.i hate chicago and rollerblade brands . total gimmicks .
 I bought these skates for my daughter less than 2 months ago and the wheels are falling apart on them . I have had to spend extra money buying new wheels as the only other option would be to pay for shipping and only getting a partial refund . I am not happy with this order at all !
 I ordered this skate since I could no longer find my original skates and my daughter was interested in skating . After reading through the reviews I took a chance and ordered a pair . This was a mistake !! I ordered the correct size but the boot is very narrow -- and I do not have wide feet ! Not to mention that the skate key broke the first time I used it to tighten the wheels . After putting them on and going out on the floor with my dughter , I could instantly tell that the wheels were warped on both sides ! I have not made up my mind whether to send them back or order new wheels . I have ordered the Riedell Artistic skate for 130.00 . It is well worth it and they are the perfect pair of skates ! Please spend the extra money and buy what you really want in a skate !
 I bought these skates and have skated about 2 hours a week for the first month I 've owned them . Now the wheels locked up and I had to replace them . If you are going to skate occasionally , then these might be good skates for you . Or if you are a beginner and do n't want to rent skates , these might be good skates for you . But if you are going to skate regularly , do n't buy these as they wo n't last long .
 After about 6 wears , though they look good , wheels are lose and expert at rink told me dangerous and unrepairable . i would spend more for a better quality product as these definitely fall into the category of &#34; you get what you pay for . &#34; Do n't waste your money !
 After skating one day for 3 hours , some of the bearings are bad in my daughter 's skates , making the wheels wobble and making a clicking noise.After reading other reviews we bought a full size down , which is a perfect fit .
 looking for low cost beginner skates - you found it.plastic wheels - hard to turn.really run large - be careful , if you order wrong amazon will charge you for shipping , they do n't seem to work with you if you wanted to exchange for smaller size even though on the front page not warning of how sizes run -LRB- you get a refund then have to order again -RRB- -LRB- should n't have to read reviews to find out they run large -RRB- look Great ! perform OK ! -LRB- slow -RRB- talk to your local roller rink about help with size . -LRB- they may have some used ones lower in price but will be much better . -RRB-
 We ordered this product in a size 8 and when we received it , it was marked size 8 but it was easily a normal size 10 . We had to pay to ship it back and exchange it for a smaller size , when there should have been an advisory that the skates run extremely large . It cost $ 19 dollars to ship it back for the exchange in addition to the original cost of the skates plus shipping . Other than that the skates are true to the description and are very cute . Therefore the skates actually cost $ 69 instead of $ 50 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- .
 The skates are beautifull but they do not roll as good as they look . I skate well but in these I lacked confidence and became very afraid of falling . After oiling the wheels they continue to leak black gook . The Chicago company owner was not helpful at all and became angy and rude at my request for help in fixing the problem . I am very disappointed and will not purchase another Chicago skate .
 These skates feel like skating through gravel . The wheels are made of plastic -LRB- not rubber -RRB- , are flat around the edges so do not turn easily , make skating difficult and slow , and for some reason made me shock everyone that I touched . I asked whether buying new wheels for them would help , but was told to purchase new skates and save the aggravation . The sizes run large and there is little padding . I would not buy them for anyone . Very disappointed .
 These skates are dangerous e 2nd time I used them one of the wheels came loose and the ball bearings came out ! I was skating at the skating rink and had felt something funny going on with the wheel , I left the rink and and bearings were falling everywhere ! I was so worried other people who were skating we 're gon na fall . Beware of these skates do not buy !
 The skates appeared to be a good value after my daughter wore them to the skating rink two times . After the third trip , she asked me to tighten the wheels . I took the wheel apart and noticed that the bearings were shot . Although they seem like a `` good buy '' at just under $ 50 , they turn out to be a waste of $ $ when they can not be used after only 3 skating trips . I should have read the reviews before clicking on `` Add to Cart '' .
 I purchased this product before Christmas and did not receive it until around 1.9 / 08 . I received two pair rather than one and the wrong size.I have since , sent them back to the seller , as I bought them market place , and have not heard back yet.I also had to send tem back via mail as i did not recive a return slip for parcel or UPS.Any help would be appreciated.The seller is FOGDOG
 I purchased this product before Christmas and did not receive it until around 1.9 / 08 . I received two pair rather than one and the wrong size.I have since , sent them back to the seller , as I bought them market place , and have not heard back yet.I also had to send tem back via mail as i did not recive a return slip for parcel or UPS.Any help would be appreciated.The seller is FOGDOG
 Wigwam is such a good brand & the high price really made me think the quality must be great . The socks will not stay up . They are like the ` slouch ' socks some kids like to wear . The sizing is correct but he ca n't use a rubber band or those ` sock suspenders ' to keep them up . We were disappointed with them & glad I only bought the 1 pair to try first . We have found it hard to find good diabetic white socks . We will keep looking , I guess . These were not the ` best ' , in our opinion .
 There are many problems that diabetic 's face daily . One of these problems should not be their socks . Nor should diabetic face scams by merchants claiming to solve their aches and pains , at an elevate price . This sock does nothing . The sock is poorly made out of the cheapest material and it will not stay up , as such the marketing relies on suckers like me for a one time purchase . if you are a diabetic or if you even wear socks , save your money on this one .
 No where on the description did it say 1 pair . I should have at least got 2 pair of socks in this order for this price . I am disappointed . Now I have to buy other socks to make up for this 1 in the present .
 Wigwam Men 's Diabetic Strider socks have a promisingname which in no way lives up to reality.They fall apart almost instantly . They bind . Theyhave too much spandex and are really an inferior product.But they look good in advertisements and on first use.I am amazed at how lame they are !
 The sizing on the socks is TOO loose . Large was too tight on my swollen feet and legs . X-Large wo n't stay up , and slides off my feet when walking in my `` sock-feet '' . Which I need to do for several hours a day while teaching Kids .
 I was tired of the rental skates and wanted to be able to zip around the floor with my kids at the skating rink . So I bought these skates . At the time , it felt a little impulsive to spend so much on skates . Well , now I know I should have spent more and at least be happy with what I purchased.I had such a hard time skating with these skates , and when I talked to the guy at the pro shop and 2 people online -LRB- there are a lot of resources online-do a search for quad skates -RRB- I realized these skates were made for beginning kids , never a 36 year old mom ! They are not made to do the kind of things on the floor you think you might be able to do . In fact , I could n't even turn . I kept having to push off because they would slow down . I kept adjusting them and had a professional at the rink adjust them for me , and forget it ! I 'm selling them at the resale shop and spending more money to at least get something decent .
 Unfortunately , this bike arrived damaged . The front forks were bent . It was not double boxed nor were the front forks adequately protected . Amazon return process is really good .
 The child this was bought for needed training wheels , but the rear wheels had such a short hub , covered by a flimsy red cover that the training wheels can not be used . They fall right off . The chain cover is not properly fitted either . I would not buy this again .
 Do not buy this bicycle!I bought this bike for my daughter 's birthday only to find out when it arrived that the front wheel will not fit on the forks . It is too large to fit into the slots on the front forks meaning the bike is useless . We have found out that this bike ships from a third party whom we are now trying to contact to correct the situation , but needless to say this will delay our daughter 's birthday present.Please take this warning , and keep shopping .
 i have not received this purchase yet over a month later and the company has proved nearly impossible to deal with . i would not recomend it to anyone
 I bought this watch two weeks ago . This watch does n't work accurately . It runs a few seconds faster every day .
 i purchased this watch to go with my collection . it never worked from the get go . i do n't know why they put some ridicously high price on the watches then offer them for 10 % of original cost . although the watch looked good it would n't keep time and that 's what a watch should do .
 The watch is very nice looking and my husband loved it until we realized it did n't keep time . Worthless ! Amazon was great about the return , very quick .
 worst watch ever . got this item thinking it was a bargin , and looked good . Turns out the stem will fall out on it 's own , and need to be replaced by invicta at a cost of 28 $ . Got that done , and 3 weeks later it fell out again . I will never buy another Invicta watch ever !
 It 's wonderful looking and takes a good beating , but it 's dead after approx . 1-1/2 years-Purchased at Costco for a great price-Looks as close as a non illegal replica can look-everything was at LEAST worth the $ 59 price -LRB- on sale from $ 109 -RRB- -6 months in the crown started popping out randomly-within the year the time would randomly stop-6 months ago watch stopped completely-People here are correct that Invicta requires a check be sent to work on a warranty item -LRB- are they Microsoft or Ford Motors now ?? -RRB- Costco took it back , they gave me crap as usual , but they did . For those of you wondering about that last comment , Costco Wholesale Club does n't have an actual return policy except for TV 's , Cell Phones , Certain electronics etc. . . so it 's up to them whether they will take something back in 2 days or 4 years . Anyway I digress , I have Fossil , Timex , Seiko , and various fashion watches that are working after 5 years with only a dead battery issue . I think my old Swatch from the 80 's worked for about 5 years . I 'm truly sorry I wore it for that long but that 's a different story altogether ... Invicta will bite you in the bum down the road . You 'll end up regretting the purchase , I 'm sure of it .
 Upon positive reviews from other amazon reviewers and one of my friends who had ordered an Invicta in the past , I decided to purchase this watch.It arrived in the packaging , and was everything it was made out to be
 I emailed Invicta for advice in adjusting the watchband and was ignored . I bought the watch to use while snorkling and I got the automatic because I do not think the quartz watches are much different among brands except for the case and therefore not worth the premium price . I am sorry I bought an Invicta because the total lack of customer service .
 This watch does not work for me after I bought everything to make it work , after several days I decided to take him to watch where I said it was dry , they had to wash the machine with oil , after that pay for q is fixed but would not recommend even now prefer not to buy these products or maybe I just had bad luck .
 Not impressed with this brand because it stopped working rediculously fast.This watch did n't even last 6 months of gentle wear.One of my old watches I wrapped around the steering wheel of my old truck so I would have a clock in it . Years of hanging out in the truck , hot or cold , it kept working . And this was after I had worn it for years as my outside work watch . It was a Mickey mouse watch I picked up years ago on a trip to Disney . I had outgrown it.I now know I should have appreciated my old watches , wish i had never given them to the local thrift shop when they were n't shinny and new looking after years and years of wearing.This brand did n't last even six months of office wear .
 The aesthetics and the apparent build quality is as good as people say here . However , my watch broke after 2 months . It stopped at 11:55 pm , which means that the date mechanism broke . The Invicta warranty is horrendous - requiring a bank draft of ~ $ 28 to pay for return shipping and I 'll also have to pay to get the watch to the service centre . I 've decided to just throw the watch away and not invest half of what I paid for it plus time and energy . Not sure if it is just this line of movements from Invicta as Costco carries the brand too . But this is the last time I 'm buying an Invicta product .
 stopped working 3 minutes after taking it out of the boxthe seconds hand stops by the 22 markwhat a waste of money !!
 INVICTA IS THE WORST AT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND STANDING BEHIND THERE PRODUCT . I BOUGHT A PRO DIVER UNDER FULL WARRANTY , THE CROWN NEVER LOCKED -LRB- SCREWED -RRB- SHUT . I SENT IT BACK , AFTER TWO MONTHS THEY SENT ME BACK THE SAME EXACT WATCH WITH THE SAME DEFECT . THIS ISNT THE FIRST TIME . TRULY A PIECE OF JUNK . STAY AWAY !!!
 I recently purchased an Invicta watch for myself and the outside ring insert fell out . After talking to Tony at their taft street address in Hollywood , Florida , -LRB- which is by the way where I 'm from -RRB- , I was told I would have to pay 15.00 because it was n't a warranty item . Now , I took the watch into the ocean for the first time and it filled up with water . And this is the `` pro diver '' version that is supposed to go to 660 feet ? 6 feet and now it is a disposable item . And the watch is untouched from the factory ... I 've never had the back off . After what I went through with the bezel insert I do n't even want to call them again . So let this review be a lesson to all of you potential buyers ... poor quality and customer service equal a bad deal . I 'm surprised that amazon is still carrying them .
 Wore the watch that is supposedly water resistant to 660ft and it 's all fogged up . I should n't have believed all the reviews Invicta makes garbage !
 My watch seems to run fast about 30 seconds to a minute every day , so after a week of wearing it is 5 minutes fast . Not very useful to me .
 I 've had this watch for 1.5 years . the stem and crown came out while I was setting the time . so much for invicta quality !
 My watch took it into the water on the face so I do not recommend
 When I received my watch , I was very happy . I had a really cool automatic timepiece that seemed like it was very high quality . It had a lot of the same qualities of the Rolex Submariner that I had been considering , but at a fraction of the price.Several months into my purchase , I noticed that the pins that attach the band to the watch were starting to sag . Coming from a background in manufacturing , I understand that you can occasionally have supply chain issues , so I had these pins replaced . No harm , no foul , life goes on.One month later , I was skiing at Squaw Valley in Lake Tahoe . I was making a pretty hard turn and my boot ejected . I ended up falling pretty hard and sliding down the hill , but I felt that pin on the watch come out again and the watch came off . I went back and looked for the watch on the next run , but it was nowhere to be found -LRB- it was snowing . -RRB- I contacted Invicta and explained the situation to them . They told me that there was nothing that they could do and they told me that it was my fault for wearing a watch while I ski . I feel like a company should back up their products , and Invicta fails to do this , even with a watch that they call a `` pro '' watch.I do not anticipate ever purchasing a product from them again .
 My Invicta Model 2876 watch , a gift my girlfriend bought for my birthday was EXTREMELY disappointing . The problems , which existed since I received the watch :1 . It lost between 5 minutes and 30 minutes every 24 hours . I had to reset it each morning .2 . The date hand never moved . It was stuck where it was when I opened its box .3 . The `` quick-set '' button `` A '' that was supposed to change the date did not function in any way . It was stuck in a pushed-in position when I received the watch in its packaging . I managed to unstick it , but then it did n't make the date hand move , nor did it function in any other way.I had to pay Invicta $ 20 to have it fixed.The card the company sent me to confirm that it had been received left instructions on how to check the status of repairs online that were totally inconsistent with the site itself . I had to figure that out on my own.The watch took more than 6 weeks for Invicta to fix.Invicta shipped the watch back to me , and UPS delivered it while I was out of town to someone I do n't know in my apartment building . This person , presumably , is still in possession of the watch and has stolen it from me . Granted this is n't Invicta 's fault per se , except in so far as they sold my girlfriend a piece of garbage that we had to return in the first place.So I 'm out $ 20 , my girlfriend 's out hundreds , and we 've got nothing to show for it . We would have had more fun burning dollar bills.Invicta is a garbage company that has garbage service and sells garbage products . The whole experience has not just turned me off as far as Invicta goes , but has turned me off on the WHOLE IDEA OF OWNING A WATCH in the first place , which I had decided to return to after years of relying on my cell phone to tell time . That 's what I 'll keep doing .
 Just received the watch today . It looks great , very nice looking watch , BUT BE AWARE , it is NOT 43mm , it 's a very small watch , much smaller than Omega Seamaster or similar watches that are known for their size -LRB- 43mm -RRB- . I am returning mine today .
 battery gave out in 7 months.if you try to replace it on your own , you void the warranty.you must send it in.you pay for shipping there $ 12money order for return shipping $ 29replace battery $ 10after spending $ 49 , they tell me it will take 3 months to change the battery.Do not waste your time or money .
 I 've had 2 Invicta 's for about 18 months . Good looking watch but ... It 's impossible to set / stop the second hand in order to sychronize it with the US Naval Observatory time . Just as bad it gains 5 minutes a week at a constant rate . This review applies to both of my Invictas .
 I actually bought the battery powered version but because I had already given it a review , it wo n't let me add another review . I have had the watch 6 weeks . It is now leaking . I saw moisture on the inside of the crystal and after closer inspection saw water rolling around inside of the watch . The warranty required me to send $ 25 shipping and insurance and it cost me another $ 10 for shipping and insurance to send it to Invicta . I have over $ 100 into the watch . I checked the pin and it was screwed down tight and I never took the back off as it came with a working battery . It is a great looking watch and the battery powered version I got kept great time . But , leaking water after 6 weeks is unacceptable . You might want to look elsewhere . And , I do n't know if it 's even going to be repaired properly .
 One week ago , I would have given this watch five stars . It looked great , felt great , and for my purposes ... it kept great time . An automatic watch appealed to me because -LRB- I thought -RRB- it would run forever ... and you ca n't find an automatic watch at as good a price as the Invicta 8926 . I thought it was too good to be true ... and it was.I 've been wearing the watch all day for the past week or so , so it should have been wound up pretty well , but today it stopped on me three separate times . The first time , I shook it a bit and it started up again and was fine for another few hours ... then stopped again . I then wound it manually , and it was fine for another few hours . At this point I was already fed up and looked at the Invicta warranty plan.Despite Amazon 's free platinum extended warranty plan -LRB- sounds fancy -RRB- , Invicta 's warranty policy is still ridiculous . As other reviewers have pointed out , you need to pay for shipping BOTH ways ! With insurance , that 's over half the cost of the watch . Screw that ... I 'm getting a different watch and telling everyone how bad Invicta is so they do n't make the same mistake .
 The watch mechanism is great , but if you 're looking for a watch that will last , including the watchband , then look elsewhere . My watchband -LRB- all stainless steel -RRB- broke at the end and a regular watch repair shop can not fix it . It must be replaced , so I called/emailed Invicta and their response was that I can PAY for a replacement . The replacement fee was 20 % of the MSRP of the watch , which is $ 255.00 on their website , not including shipping ! The warranty that is supposed to be one-year only includes the interior mechanism of the watch . It does n't include anything that is related to the exterior , including the watchband . I emailed several times to Invicta , and I never got an email reply back . I am extremely disappointed and I thought I was getting a great product that will last . Next time , maybe I should invest my money in something that has a REAL warranty with a real effective customer service department .
 I bought this watch for my sons graduation gift . It looked great but after only a week the band broke right at the bezel and had to be repaired by a professional for half the cost of the watch itself .
 The invicta watch appeared to be a bargain when I purchased it , however after one day 's wear the second hand came off and blocked the minute hand and so the watch stopped and I sent it back .
 I had this watch for over a year , and last 3 months it 's collecting dust on a shelf . The auto-winding was not working when I bought it , so I had to send it to the repair facility -LRB- $ 15 s & h ;-RRB- . After that it worked GREAT for about 7 months . Closer to the end of the warranty period it became not as accurate as it used to be , and precisely after 1 year it started dying at random moments . The cost of repair now is comparable with a cost of a new watch of the same kind , or even higher.In other words guys , the looks are deceiving . Rolex it is NOT !
 I have read reviews on this watch , most of them bad . . but I gambled . . and lost!I would not purchase this product , as it came out of the box with a cracked back , and ran very fast for the day I had it , before I sent it back.Amazon gave me a full refund , plus shipping expenses . I will purchase again from Amazon . . but not this watch.Please read other reviews on this watch , but I would not purchase the Invicta brand again .
 I was really happy with this watch . But after 10 months or so . . it never keeps time . The movement must be really cheap if overnight it stops . I 'm not going to wear it to bed . I 've had to set it so much that now , the set cap is so lose it can become unscrewed and fall off . I would pass on all automatic 's from Invicta if i were you .
 This is the second Invicta watch I purchased that was defective . In this case , the automatic movement began working -LRB- after some initial winding -RRB- but I was surprised to see that it had stopped in the middle of the day -LRB- while wearing it -RRB- . I cranked it up and again , it stopped after a couple of hours . This pattern continued to repeat before I finally decided to return it for a refund . Yes , its a nice looking watch -LRB- if a common and tired design -RRB- and is sold for a great price , but I 'm now quite skeptical of Invicta 's quality . I had previously purchased the very similar -LRB- but smaller -RRB- style # 8932 from another store and it had the same issues of running for a while , then stopping . Which was even more surprising in that case since it was a battery-powered quartz movement -LRB- battery replacement was no help -RRB- . So I guess if you are one of the lucky ones to get a good unit you have a real bargain - if not , you may be out of luck and late for your appointment !
 Since I bought , I have set the time more than 5 times and everytime after a day it changed its time.Returned it back . As per Amazon , it is my fault and they have charged shipping to me .
 I bought one of these 2 weeks ago I am wearing it and today , the indicator to the seconds , got loose inside the watch . Now I have to send it to repair . I was happy until today , but I am starting to think that this is regular junk . Juan Montalto , Costa Rica
 This is a beautiful watch , and I would have given it a five star rating if it had not been for the following
 STAY AWAY FROM THESE WATCHES , and this company ! Yes , their watches are cheap , but that is because they are shoddy ! Invicta makes poor-quality watches , and their customer service is absolutely atrocious ! My watch , that is supposedly water resistant , stopped working in normal humid weather . I never wore it swimming or in water . The customer service department is very difficult to deal with , and mystery charges appear for things that should be covered by the warranty -LRB- $ 28 flat-rate shipping , except internationally , which is $ 75 , etc -RRB- . I was asked to give private credit card information over a normal email , which is unprofessional and unsafe . Please , do n't make the same mistake I did , and think twice before buying one of their products .
 It looks good , thats just about it!The watch itself feels like kid toys made in china that is going to fall apart anytime soon.The band feels like a cheap hollow tin can.When I read some positive amazon reviewers , they all says how heavy it is . but its way lighter compare to my cheap casio watch.It looks good because its rolex wanna-be , and thats about what you get for $ 90 ... Rolex looks.This will likely be my last invicta -LRB- who ? -RRB- purchase ... Thanks Amazon for your fast shipping .
 I bought the dive watch for my trip to the great barrier reef . It arrived a few days before I left and the time was incorrect . I reset the time and the next day it was off again . I returned the watch .
 now . . this watch looks great but thats it.it will not be a dream come true and you will get what u pay 4 . dont get me wrong ,5 * s on the looks but keeps terible time and is built cheap.this coming from a 23 yo who owns 13 watches including 2 rolexes 4 tisots and a couple seikos.i know a lot about em ' . so if looking for a cheap good looking thing to wear get this but if you want a good watch and u dont have 8 G 's for a rolex a sieko will do just fine .
 I purchased two Invicta 's after watching some watch show sale on tv late night -LRB- god , I hate when I do that -RRB- . But for the price I figured it was worth the risk . I had a serious Rolex urge and this was what I could afford . Anyway the watches were boxed in nice yellow leather boxes and at first looked awesome , but it became appearent they were knock off quality . One watch was a yachmaster type and from the start the small dials did n't work right and the dial 's paint wore off , the other one was a titanium model and the movement just kinda felt and looked cheesy . I gave em both to my then 12 year old who promptly `` lost '' them -LRB- probably got mugged at school -RRB- , but I shed no tears . I got my Rolex soon after -LRB- a `` cheap '' used one , although not a Sub -RRB- and even though it was like 15 years old its now over 20 years old and running well , I just dont want to wear it everyday . I 'm getting a Seiko 007 and crossing my fingers it has better craftmanship than Invicta -LRB- twice the price also but still a fraction of a Rolex -RRB- . I would advice waiting a week , save a few more dollars , and getting a Casio , Seiko , or Pulsar over an Invicta .
 This is not battery operated . It is self winding . The self winding mechanism makes a metal clang each time your wrist moves . It was too annoying for me .
 Just received this watch yesterday after much anticipation and OF COURSE it was delivered broken . After many unsuccessful tries at getting the automatic watch to start keeping time I finally gave up . I will be returning this watch for a full refund and will not be purchasing another one ever again . I am going to purchase a better quality one such as a swiss legend or something more reputable than invicta . Save yourself the trouble and stay away from this watch .
 I really wanted to like the watch because it was self-winding , but my watch runs about 5 minutes fast for every week . So , after about a month , I 'm really just guessing what time it is.It looks nice and does in fact wind itself , but the whole not being able to accurately keep track of time thing is a big let down .
 I really liked this watch - until the crown simply fell out after 5 months . I had a hard time pulling it out to set the date and time - something seemed to be wrong with whatever was holding it in.Anyway , one day I looked down and the crown was missing.Now I 've got to ship it back to Invicta along with 20 bucks for shipping and handling -LRB- do n't most manufacturers cover this ?? -RRB-
 This timepiece is about as far from a Rolex as you can find , knockoff or lookalike . The enclosed instructions include only directions on winding several watches , refers buyer to Invicta site , where there are no instructions , including how to adjust the band . The band requires special jeweler instruments/tools to adjust , and other Amazon postings indicate it is a hassle to reassemble . I have a real Rolex , and the appearnce of this vis a vis genuine is about 180 degrees out . I am returning mine , I do n't have the time or incentive to have to start running the streets to find a jeweler to adjust fit on something new out of the box and for which I have to throw good money after bad . Mine goes back for credit today .
 My wife bought this watch for me as a Christmas gift two years ago . By the next Christmas , I had sent it in for repair three times . The first two times they told me nothing was wrong and that it only needed cleaning . Finally , it completely stopped working and someone actually tried to fix it . I 've had enough of Invicta . There are some better options available with better customer service .
 This watch came packaged in a dirty yellow case . I should have gotten a hint from the condition of the case ... the inside of the case was also soiled and the watch looked like it had been used
 Have had it 7 months and has now stopped . A Shame , because it is a good looking watch . The last few months it got progressively slower . Not looking forward to dealing with Invicta customer service so may just forget about it , which is what I recommend you do .
 I went swimming with the watch on and the lens fogged up . I 've only had the watch a few months . I 'm going to try returning it .
 I bought two of this watch around 2009 Christmas when I was on a business trip in US -LRB- I 'm from China -RRB- because the customer review rating was pretty high and it 's cheap -LRB- 67 $ at that time -RRB- as a gift to my father and father-in-law . They were very happy when they got it because it 's from US and it looked cool.But , in two weeks , I was told both of the watches did n't work well . Both of them ran 10 + minutes per day and steam came in easily when washing hands . They did n't wear it anymore.I 'm so embarrassed . Actually , it 's my first gift to my father-in-law ...
 Received this watch and could not wait to get going . Read the manual and followed the instructions for getting it wound up . Started wearing it until bedtime when I noticed it had stopped running about 20 minutes after I initially wound it . Figured I may not have wound it correctly and went to sleep . The following morning I wound it up again , this time turning the crown twice as much as the manual recommends . By the time I got to work it was dead again which is when I decided to return it right away . From what I can tell dealing with Invicta to get it fixed would only cost more time and money , when it should of worked right when I got it ! I may decide to order a new one because it really is a great looking watch !
 I bought this watch about 2 years ago . From the start I had difficulty with the screw down crown , upon reading other reviews this is a common problem . When changing the date , I had to press down and turn the crown a number of times before it would `` catch '' and would screw down . Finally it stripped and will not screw down . I decided to send it back to Invicta as it is under warranty . Estimated repair was $ 18 , but you must also send them a check for shpping and handling for $ 28 . This is in addition to my shipping cost to send to them . BTW the address for Invicta is about 100 miles from me . Shiipping and handling charge is way out of line . To top all this off expected reapair time is 90 days . You must also remember that this is an estimated repair cost . All in all it would cost me at least $ 50 to repair a watch I bought 2 years ago for $ 74 . I 'm going back to wearing my old dive watch that I bought over 25 years ago and never had a problem . BTW my wife had a similar problem with a watch from a differnt manufacturer and it cost her $ 5 for S&H and all repairs were covered . I should have read the one star reviews on Invicta products before buying this watch , I never would have purchased it .
 After wearing it daily for a couple of months , the pin that holds the safety for the fold-over-clasp broke down . I did n't want to get rid of the safety , so I let it hang in there until it just fell off one day without me noticing . Then a few months after while I was walking , the watch just fell off of my wrist . The pin for the fold-over-clasp somehow broke so the bracelet got disengaged . I did n't bother looking for the pin anymore .
 I bought this watch for my husband for Christmas . We both loved the style and how nice it looks on his wrist . However it does not keep time . He wears it a lot and yet it is always off on date and time . So , if you are n't going to use it to tell time than this watch would be fine but if you are counting on it to keep time this is not the watch for you.I am very sad to have to return this watch because they company would not send a replacement .
 Worse kinetic watch i 've owned . You have to constantly motion the watch to keep it wound and running . leaving it to rest at night is enough to make it stop running by morning . Totally useless .
 looks are deceiving ! appears as a beautiful watch on your computer screen , right ? but after you spend your money on it and hold it in your hand , you will then realize it is a five dollar watch . the wristband resembles a slinky toy . it will stop ticking after sitting on your bedroom nightstand over night . you will be resetting the time everyday . some of you will have to see it for yourself to believe it . once you buy it and put it on your wrist , you will think back and remember this product review ... and wish you would have listened . just find another watch , you will thank me .
 I purchased the 8926 Pro Diver Watch back in December 2011 and it stopped working just 7 months later . It 's a good looking watch , but the quality is terrible . Furthermore , Invicta 's warranty is a less than desirable . You have to pay them $ 27 plus S&H to send the watch to them and I 've heard horror stories of people not receiving their watches back for up to 3 months . There are countless complaints on the web about Invicta . If I had to do it all over again , I 'd stick with a brand name you can trust and stay away from Invicta .
 Perhaps my expectations , which I based on customer feedback , were too high . After all the Invicta Pro Diver sells for less than $ 80 . The bracelet is held together with split pins , which are a little flimsy , but that 's to be expected in this price range . I bought it because I wanted an automatic and I was prepared for it to be less accurate than a quartz movement . It keeps very consistent time -- it loses 12 seconds per day , every day . The customer service person with whom I corresponded told me this was not normal , and they could adjust it properly if I sent it to them with $ 28 . I found the prospect of spending money to get the watch properly adjusted quite galling -LRB- I did n't do it -RRB- . If Invicta has people who know how to adjust a watch , why was n't that done before I bought it ? Imagine spending $ 25,000 on a new car and being told that if you want it adjusted to run properly you have to pay an additional $ 9000 . That 's the same ratio as the $ 28 charge to my purchase price for the Invicta Pro Diver . I 'd give it three stars if it kept accurate time . As it is , this is the first and probably last watch I 'll buy on the internet .
 What a shame , looked great , felt great , however , when I went to set date and time , could not set date . Its being sent back , and I decided to spend more for a Orient and hopefully get something that works .
 I purchased this watch because it had many of the features I value most
 Unfortunately the gift was n't used for a year so by the time it was taken out of the box , the warranty had expired . It does not keep time because it is automatic not a manual adjustment . I even took it to a jewelry store and they could n't fix it I have bought a few other Invicta watches and have had good success .
 I did tons of research for a nice watch , I got this after all my research . The watch look great very nice but can be very uncomfortable.I was wearing it for 2 days and right after i put it on I feel the crow -LRB- the nob to change the time -RRB- on the top of my hand . The crown is very large that it was making a mark every time I had my hand down , this was after I got it sized for m hand . I have medium hans not sure if this might be the problem , but I had to return it . Good luck .
 I got a Pro Diver for my birthday and sorry to say it is the worst watch I have ever owned . It is self winding and if I do n't wear it every day the self winding watch runs down . May continue running for a 1.5 days at most . It also is very inaccurate and may lose up to 15 minutes a day . I would not recommend this watch .
 Watch showed up in unbroken package . NIB condition shipped direct from Amazon . When opened Watch appeared to be in excellent condition . Watch set up , and found to be defective . Second hand would stick in position at `` 3 '' with crown secured . With crown unsecured , second hand would make full sweep with slight hesitation around `` 3 '' position.I had read and seen positive reviews on this model , and decided to purchase . Let down . The overall quality of the watch appeared to be very good , less the defective movement . I have just purchased the 9927c model as a replacement , as I was happy with the construction of this model . Hopefully the Swiss movement does not fail to perform like this Japanese counterpart.e
 This watch broke in a week . Started losing time and then quit . Returning and trying again based on other reviews .
 I bought two of these Invicta watches , one for me and one for my little brother.The only problem I had with my watch was the bracelet broke off -- but I was able to get it replaced . I 've worn the watch ever since I got it , with minor time variances.HOWEVER , my little brother 's watch did not work well from the start . At first , it was just off by a few minutes , which soon turned into hours . After a couple weeks , the winding mechanism began making grinding sounds when winding . Soon , the interior of the watch , under the glass began to condense with moisture and made it unreadable for periods of the day . In the end , this watch is sitting in the back of a drawer dead . We took the watch to a watch repair , and they were charging more than the cost of the watch to replace ... and truthfully , I do n't think I would by another one -LRB- even with the luck with mine -RRB- .
 I received this watch in record time . Pleased with that service . Watch did not run out of the box . Second hand hanging up between 5 and 6 o'clock . Thump and it would move on for a few rounds and hang up again . Sent to Invicta Service Center in Hollywood , FL along with money order for $ 25.00 . Sent UPS so I could track . They delivered on Monday the 22nd of August . Heard nothing from the Center . Called on August 31st , spoke with someone , with very broken english , and he informed me that the watch had to be sent to the factory , and would be returned within 90 days . So , I am not happy with the product or their service . Will post again , if and when the watch is returned .
 In early December I left a rather glowing review , in which I rated the 8926 at five stars . Because of the beauty of the watch and outside construction , I was still going to rate it two stars , but I 'm so disappointed with Invicta 's warranty policy that I can only give one.Well , my erstwhile trustworthy 8926 stopped tonight -LRB- January 22 -RRB- at 9:01 p.m. . The second hand froze at almost exactly 30 seconds , and manually winding it does n't help . In fact , if I wind it manually , the second hand will vary between 29 and 31 seconds , depending on in which direction gravity is pulling it . The nice thing about the clear back is that it shows me the automatic movement is n't working at all . When I move it around to try to see if that would restart it , the rotor seems to be swinging a little * too * freely . Right now I have it rotating in a watch winder , which is n't helping either.So now I have to pay to send it in to Invicta , plus include a check for $ 15 for them to ship it back ? Bleh ! I 'm just going to write off the $ 70 and buy a different brand , maybe the Bulova Marine Star -LRB- the imitation of the Omega Seamaster -RRB- . It 's too bad , Invicta , because you made a really beautiful watch here , and it 's solidly constructed -- at least on the outside.Maybe I jinxed myself , telling a friend last night how it 's a great watch . I was thinking to surprise him with one for his birthday , but now ... Original review follows now ... I was browsing Amazon for gift ideas when I came across the Invicta 8926 and felt strangely attracted to it . After initially deciding I had enough watches -LRB- can a man truly say that anyway ? -RRB- , I woke up one morning and placed the order . Now that I 've had it for a week , how I regret not discovering it a year ago . It 's a better value , and pleases me so much more , than a dressier Kenneth Cole I bought that was discounted down to about the same price . The Invicta 8926 is a watch that can complement just about any outfit , casual or dressy , short of a tuxedo.I would have given this four stars because of a few complaints , but I really have to give FIVE because of the price . A week later , I 'm still blown away by the look , the feel , and that I paid only $ 69.99 ! To top off the wonderful buying experience , I ordered it on Sunday , and the `` Free super saver shipping '' got it to me on Thursday . Superb , Amazon.So far it 's been accurate to within several seconds a day , but I want to be more accurate and start keeping a daily log of gains/losses and my level of activity that day . Maybe I 've just been luckier to get one with a better factory-tuned regulator , or that I typically wear the watch for 12 hours and then let it sit for 12 . Some have rightfully pointed out that the product description merely gives the movement as `` automatic , '' and that Amazon should be more specific that it 's Japanese . However , I figured that at this price , I certainly would n't be getting Swiss . Nowadays there 's not a lot of difference , anyway , not unless you want an exceptionally accurate automatic that will cost far more than $ 70 - $ 100 . Fit and finish are excellent , even when compared to more expensive watches . The cover for where the bracelet meets the case could be better aligned with the lugs
 I opened the box and said , `` Wow '' this is a beautiful watch . Too beautiful to wear actually . Finally after several months passed I put it on my wrist , gave it the intial wind up to get going and took a four mile walk , gently swinging my arms as I walked . The watch second hand stopped about every fifteen minutes and I had to shake it to get it going again . Despite walking four miles it failed to wind the spring automatically and would only run for a minute or two tops before it stopped.Now I have to mail it to Invicta with a twenty five dollar check for return postage and handling plus the cost of mailing it to them!Maybe , I just had a lemon but I urge you to wear it the day you get it to use the Amazon warranty and keep in mind that Beauty is only skin deep even if it 's stainless steel ! The one star is for being beautiful.Updated 12/07/07I mailed the watch to Invicta for repair and waited almost twelve weeks for it to be returned . After the first seven weeks I called Invicta to check on the repair status . They said it had to be mailed overseas for repairs and would take longer before it was returned to me.Yes , I now have the watch and it actually works . I purchased an auto watch winder and have left it on the autowinder since I received it . It has been running just fine and keeps accurate time.I will now wear it on my wrist and see if it holds up to daily use . The moral of the story is that while the watch is beautiful it is in reality just costume jewelery and not a serious time piece.I have increased the rating to THREE STARS but be prepared to be dissapointed if you want a serious time piece.Updated 12/21/07Well , I have worn the Invicta on my wrist daily for two weeks and it has kept very accurate time and there have been no problems . This is my conclusion . I love the appearance of the watch and the price was very affordable . I now agree with all the reviews that rave about the watch . You may be one of the lucky ones and get an Invicta that works right out of the box . I blame myself for not wearing it during the 30 day return period intially.I can now raise to rating to FOUR STARS for satisfaction and value but only if you are one of the lucky ones not to be shipped a lemon watch , even then the stellar Amazon service will exchange it during the 30 day exchange window .3 / 1/08 Well its back to one star for a rating . The auto = wind appears to be on the blitz . If I wear it all day it stops within an hour of taking it off my wrist , even on the automatic watch winder it will not keep running because the rotation is too gentle . What can I say , it is a beautiful watch but is really just costume jewerly . I have a seiko `` black monster '' dive watch now that is perfect in every regard.7-6-08 While the watch has been collecting dust in the draw I am still drawn to the beauty of the time peice . I now wear it again but must manually wind it up twice a day to keep it going . I am truly amazed at all the positive reviews that always start out this watch appears to be much more expensive than what I paid for it . I suspect the vast majority of those people are too embarrased to edit their glowing reviews to simply say that their watches have stopped working after a few months . These Invicta watches are all flash and no substance . Be warned , spend a few more bucks and get a Citizen or Seiko dive watch for a truly quality watch that will give years of service and uncompromized customer satisfaction . Everytime an Invicta automatic dive watch is sold an unhappy customer will be the result in a few months . You have been warned !!
 1/5/12 - it broke on me on a trip to greece . it just lost time and stopped working . no more invictas for me.Granted I just received this watch 2 days ago but it 's working very well so far . I have n't measured whether it lost or gained any minutes but it seems to be keeping time well so far.It looks nicer than the picture on the amazon website ... i really like the back with the mineral crystal so i can see the ticking on the back.Only thing is that there is no hacking feature - meaning the seconds hand does n't stop when you want to synchronize your watch with a another source.This watch is also kinda big ... well kind of big on me . . i 'm 5.3 and 140 lbs ... but i like this watch too much to return it ... The other thing is that the magnifier does n't really magnify ... the date looks the same over the magnifier or if you tilt it slightly to see the date without the magnification ... but at 85 bux what the hey ... automatic watch with japanese movement ... i think is a steal . . also if you want this watch but can wait . . . you can check the amazon site from time to time because I 've seen this for just $ 64.99 ... but too late I had ordered it at 85 and Amazon said they could n't give me a price adjustment because that was a one day sale ... but still so far great watch .
 After looked others reviews , I decided to order one . Very disappointed with this watch because I have to adjust it every week . Plus or minus 3 to 5 minutes each time . My son drew one for himself and said his is better than mine because it 's accurate twice a day at least .
 who needs to shell out 5 grand for a Rolex Submariner with this baby ... The best !!!
 STAY AWAY FROM THESE WATCHES , and this company ! Yes , their watches are cheap , but that is because they are shoddy ! Invicta makes poor-quality watches , and their customer service is absolutely atrocious ! My watch , that is supposedly water resistant , stopped working in normal humid weather . I never wore it swimming or in water . The customer service department is very difficult to deal with , and mystery charges appear for things that should be covered by the warranty -LRB- $ 28 flat-rate shipping , except internationally , which is $ 75 , etc -RRB- . I was asked to give private credit card information over a normal email , which is unprofessional and unsafe . Please , do n't make the same mistake I did , and think twice before buying one of their products .
 it stops working right as the Amazon return period expiresno one takes resposnibilityInvicta demands $ 25 plus postage both ways to even look at itGood luck funding someone to talk to
 Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch # 8926 : I purchased this watch in November 2007 , only 3 months ago . Shortly after purchase it started losing time . Then the stem to wind the watch/change the time malfunctioned and only occasionally works when turned counterclockwise . Also the date can not be changed . And to top it off I no longer have my receipt ; my fault , I know , so can not return this defective piece . I will not buy anything but books or music from Amazon from now on . I highly recommend anyone really think hard before purchasing this watch . And if you do , please make sure to hang on to all receipts and other paperwork .
 I agree with most of the reviewers that it 's a beautiful piece . It could be called a beautiful Wrist band rather than a watch . Mine stops every day or every other day and needs a reset every other day . It 's build quality is very good and appointments are beautiful but not the performance . `` Shame on Invicta that it ca n't built a watch in 21st century '' .
 I bought this watch this summmer around $ 90 , after 2 months , it stop working , this is the worst watch I have ever had . I need nearly one third of the watch price to mail the watch to invicta for repairing . so I do n't wan na spend time to do this boring process . I wound never buy invicta watch . cheap price , but unreliable and poor quality watch !
 Invicta likes to pretend they are a `` Swiss '' brand , implying Swiss quality . They are not . In reality , Invicta uses cheap Chinese made parts for its internal movements . Guess how I found out?My watch broke just over a year after buying it -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- . I called several highly reputable watch repair shops in Austin . I found out they ca n't service my watch because they ca n't get the parts FROM CHINA . Save your money . I know I will , by never buying another Invicta watch .
 Looks good ... Feels good ... But ... Alway ahead of time ... Approx . 6 mins . per month
 Get this watch for it 's looks and price , not it 's ability to keep time . Very well built . Looks like a much more expensive watch . Very solid . However , loses time each day and if you take it off for more than 8-10 hours , it will stop running and you will have to reset the date/time . My previous self-winding watch would run for a couple days without wearing it . Major disappointment that this one would n't .
 I received this watch and was pleased with its looks and performance for about eight days . It would not stay wound long enough to keep time after about the eighth day . I sent the watch in to be repaired and Invicta wanted $ 28.00 to have it repaired . I called the company and later learned that they had the purchase date for a older watch that I submitted for repair . I know they must have looked at the copy of the invoice I sent with the new watch because they knew I purchased it from Amazon.com . The billing department asked for another copy of the invoice and it was mailed the next day . I hope they will waive the charge as I think it unfair to have to pay more money for a watch that was obviously faulty to begin with . I will pay more attention to the conditions required for returns in the future .
 I do n't like giving bad reviews , but this is the first item I 've ever returned to Amazon . Within 4 hours of setting this watch for the first time , it was already 3 minutes slow . The first night I slept with it on , I fell asleep around 11:45 . When I woke up at 5 am , the watch had stopped at 12:15 . Extremely stylish , though , and it has a very sturdy case .
 Purchased this watch from Amazon May 10 , 2010 , it did great for 5 months , received a lot of complements . Now it stops running every night , no matter how much I shake it or spin the winding device seen through the glass on the back of the watch.You buy a watch , you expect it to work , now its just an very pretty bracelet that will not keep correct time , stops and runs when it chooses!Not at all happy with Invicta!Bob
 Is $ 85 too good to be true ? Sadly , yes . The pictures look great for this watch , but once you actually inspect it in your hands , it does n't hold up . First off , the `` cyclops '' magnifier on the crystal hardly magnifies at all . I do n't know what the specs are on this , but the date font looks as if it gets enlarged by 15 % tops.The worst part of this watch is the bracelet . Again , it looks pretty in the pictures , but it feels tinny , light , and cheap once you feel it in your hands.Basically , this watch is worth $ 85 , and if that 's what you were looking for , that 's great . I was expecting something more Rolex-like -- a heavier weight and more functional date magnifier . If you 're looking to get a better value , I 'd check out the Seiko monster .
 I purchased an Men 's model 0083 watch . It is rated for water resistance to 100 meters . After wearing in a swimming pool the watched leaked and the crystal became cloudy . The watch was covered by Invicta warranty . However , to get warranty coverage , I had to pay postage to invicta plus pay return postage of $ 28.00 . Invicta had my watch for a full three months . When I finally got the watch back , it worked fine , as it had when I sent it in . after just over a month I again wore the watch in a swimming pool and it leaked exactly as it had before I sent it in . I contacted Invicta and was told I would need to again pay to ship the watch plus pay another $ 28.00 . for return shipping and they would again need 3 months to repair . I do n't believe that my watch was ever repaired or even looked at . Had they done even a basic test they would have found that the watch leaked . In my opinion Invicta 's customer service and warranty are only an advertising gimick . I feel that they have no intention of standing behind their products .
 Follow-up to my earlier review : I 've owned the Invicta for 2 years , now . The winding stem screws snug to the body to provide the water-resistant seal . But the threads strip over time . Last year , I sent the watch in to Invicta for repair . With postage , I think it was ca $ 30 , but I ca n't remember . But , now , less than a year later , the threads are stripped again and I ca n't tighten the stem to the body , which means that the alleged `` dive '' watch is not water-resistant . This is an automatic watch , so daily , or every-other-day winding should be expected . I guess , for under $ 100 , what can you expect ? But the soft metal obviously used in a critical function of the watch shows that Invicta does n't expect this watch to last . In fairness , the movement still works and the watch still keeps good time . But it 's supposed to be a `` diver 's watch '' ; I will not buy another.Original review : What a beautiful watch ! I already own a couple of much higher-priced , very nice watches . One , an Oris BC3 , is water resistant to 50 meters . But I wanted a watch nice enough for a night out that could take a trip to the bottom of a pool and come back unscathed . I read the reviews and looked at the pictures . At $ 99 on Amazon , the price was right . As the reviewers have said , this watch is much prettier in person than in the picture and the picture does n't look bad . For about 1/50th the price of a Submariner , you can buy a solid automatic with a similar look , the same features and , as far as I can tell after a month , an excellent movement . It is a hair fast -- maybe 30 seconds every couple of days , but my regulated Oris deviates by about the same amount in the other direction , so that 's par for the course for an automatic movement.The lack of a ` hacking ' movement means the second hand does n't stop while you 're setting it , but , again , it 's not a chronometer.The strap is easy to adjust . I had a shop remove a couple links , but fine adjustment -LRB- about a link 's worth -RRB- you easily do yourself moving the spring pin back and forwards on the clasp . Very convenient.The 2 common criticisms with this watch are the illuminated dial and the date ` cyclops ' -LRB- magnifier -RRB- . I find the dial to be easily read at night with a minute or two of exposure to bright light before dark . It fades over time , but it 's readable . Not a Seiko , but not bad . The date is easy enough to read with the cyclops . Again , not as magnified as the Rolex , but close enough . Again , it 's quite functional . It has a mineral face , not sapphire , but it 's resisted easy scratching . The strap is solid , attractive and comfortable.I was surprised at what a great watch one can get for a hundred bucks . I wear it now more often than the Oris .
 I totally love this Submariner design watch , it has a great `` clunky '' band and looks fantastic but . . I bought my first one about eight years ago . I did n'tknow how to wind it manually , so I `` flung it '' aroundlike they describe , big mistake , I 'm sure that eventuallybroke something inside of it.So I bought another one . The band was slightly lesser quality.And you could tell they cut a little corner here and there.But it still looked pretty nice.This time I finally figured out how to wind it manuallyand very carefully unscrewed the crown each day , wound itabout 10 winds and very carefully screwed the crownback in . But , even being very careful , the metal theymade the threads out of must have been kind of lowerquality , and eventually the threads where unusable : - \ No , I did n't cross thread it . You could n't screw the crown inall the way , so at any time of the day the crown would `` pop-out '' and the hands would stop working , so that was pretty muchthe end of that one.I cant 's speak for their very latest one , but justfigure out how to wind it manually , and just bevery careful about screwing the crown back in , and maybe it ` lllast a good while for you .
 Got this watch last week WELL . . this is has a power reserve of like what ? 12hrs ? Because I am sure if I did not wear this watch for just 1 day the watch would stop . That really gets on my nerves . And I did not know that this watch is using a Japanese Movement as amazon did not state that down . What can I say for the price what would I expect ? Swiss movement . . wishful thinking I guess .
 On the second day of wearing while doing the dishes we saw the face clouded up do to moisture inside . Then that evening after exiting the shower not 1 but 2 pins and a link fell to the floor . We then could n't get it back together .
 I bought 3 of these watches in 2009 as gifts . Two of them stopped working within one year and the other one is not accurate from the begining . I did not know if friends did not tell me . I wil never buy this brand again .
 A friend of mine wanted to get one of these watches and through talking about it 3 of us bought these watches all at once . In less than 3 months 2 of them have stopped working . Mine has stopped all together , and another one has the second hand slipping . These are under warranty but the warranty requires you to pay to ship it their , and include a $ 28 money order to pay for return shipping . I am not willing to pay $ 40 to fix a $ 75 watch that appears likely to break again.As someone who enjoys internet shopping this is the first item that has made me angry enough to write a bad review .
 The clasp on the watchband broke after about 3 months and it was cheaper to fix it locally than send it back . I should have just thrown it away while I was ahead . Now after a year , the mainspring has broken . I would look for something different .
 I purchased this Invicta 8926 as a `` present '' to myself , mainly to use on trips abroad . I 've owned a Rolex Submariner for many years , but sometimes feel uncomfortable wearing the Rolex abroad . The Invicta was very attractive , and appeared to be well made . However , within a few days it was gaining two or three minutes a day . Within three weeks , it began to gain six or seven minutes an HOUR ! I returned it to Amazon . Conclusion
 It arrived in new packaging , but the watch had scratches all over the metal band and the crystal was also scratched . I am very disappointed that this item did not mention it was refurbished or used previously . Beware of this when deciding to buy.Amazon did provide a refund for the item and even paid the return shipping , but it was an unneccessary ordeal that could have been prevented if the description was honest .
 I ordered this watch as a Christmas gift for my husband . By mid-January , it stopped working . Invicta said the warranty would cover the repairs but that the watch had to be sent overseas so we had to ship it to Invicta with a check for $ 30 to cover shipping costs . When Invicta received the watch , they said it would be JULY 15 before it was returned -- some 5 months after it was sent . July 15 has now come and gone ; still no watch . In fact , customer service has failed to respond to multiple emails since July 1 requesting the status of the watch . This has to be the WORST product and service I have ever encountered . I would never recommend an Invicta product to anyone . BUYER BEWARE !
 This watch was purchased by my wife as a Christmas Gift for me . Initially I found the watch to be very nice , but within 6 months this watch has stopped . A close inspection shows that there is moisture in the watch case . So when I retreived my watch box and started digging through the warranty I found that in order to get the watch repaired I would need to send it to them and enclose a check for $ 25.00 . I found that this isnt ' t what you would expect from a professional watch maker.Now you really would ` nt think that a watch that is supposed to be a diver waterproof watch should have moisture in the case by wearing it in a 3ft swimming pool . This automatically leads me to beleive that the quality control of this company must be pretty bad if they do n't think that they can afford to pay for the repair of what they ship out . So I am now back with my old Casio which cost less than the amount Invicta wants to try to fix my watch . I 'm a firm beleiver if you ca n't stand by your product 100 % then your in the wrong business . If you plan on purchasing this product you may want to trya Casio or a Timex because this watch wo n't take a lickin .
 To keep it simple , this is a GREAT looking watch but if it breaks , good luck !! My husband wore this watch for less than 5 months and it broke . As another reviewer also stated , a regular watch repair shop was not able to fix it . We ended up having to pay $ 52 in shipping to get the repair done that was covered under warranty !! The watch had to be shipped by us to a US location . Once they received it they contacted us to say the repairs were covered but we had to pay the shipping and it needed to be fixed overseas :-LRB- so much for a warranty :-LRB- be cautious in purchasing this item .
 Purchased this watch in July of this year , only really bringing it out for special occasions where a nicer looking watch then my standard digital one is preferred -LRB- probably only like 6 days of actual use -RRB- . During my latest excursion out , the link connecting the wrist links and the watch popped open on the top side while i was walking and the watch flew off my wrist and into the ground . The face panel completely shattered and checking the warranty they will not cover it , as they consider the damages wear and tear despite the damages being a result of a wrist band issue . Not going to go into the fact that it costs 20 + dollars just to send it in to get it checked out.Looks nice for the price but honestly I would suggest spending a little more and get a better brand with a better warranty clause .
 I purchased this watch and it is my third Invicta watch , I was looking forward to the same kind of quality as my other watches . This is by far my worst purchase , I have had this watch for less than a week and it continues to stop , it keeps terrible time and I am going to return it and probably not purchase any more Invicta watches , at least the automatic ones . Very disappointed in Massachusetts
 Took this 660 ' water resistant watch down 35 ' and came up to a fogged lens filled with condensation . The watch looks good , has a good weight but fails miserably to even come close to its claims . Spend the cash and get a watch worth your while .
 Got this Invicta Grand Diver watch for my Birthday a month ago and has been nothing but trouble . It 's supposed to be a self winding watch but it stops all the time and loses 5 to 10 minutes a day . Talked to WORLD of WATCHES where I bought it From and they told me to Call Invicta in Hollywood FL . I talked to them and they told me it would be $ 28 to ship it back to them . I believe this is nothing but a scam . I think they sell watches that have been returned and then repackaged . They then make an additional $ 28 each time the watch is shipped back . So my word of Warnig if you intend to purchase an Invicta Watch from INVICTA or WORLD OF WATCHES is BUYER BEWARE
 I recieved an Invicta watch last year in October . In July of this year it stopped working properly , sent it to Hollywood , FL -LRB- about an hour away from me -RRB- . Today I called -LRB- 9-22-2011 -RRB- and it was sent overseas and will not be back til November ???? I never want another Invicta watch , lousy customer service . I think since it was still under warranty they simply should have sent me a new watch ... or maybe a loaner ??? Shame on you Invicta ... never again .
 I figured out how Invicta can sell this automatic watch so cheaply - they can double their money with repairs . My automatic lasted 10 months when the band fell apart . I had to send a $ 28 money order with the watch even though it was under warranty . I was then told I had to send another $ 18 for a `` replacement '' band . Invicta sent my watch back with the old band . Their repair lasted 24 days when it fell apart again . Now Invicta wants another $ 30 for a `` replacement '' band . Invicta has doubled their money ! I am filing a claim with the CA Department of Consumer Affairs .
 Band broke and came apart in less then one week.The movement looks good but was disappointed with the band breaking.Very disappointed .
 I purchased this watch for my husband about 2 years ago , mainly based on the rave reviews -LRB- like one person who liked it better than his Rolex ! -RRB- . It worked fine for a couple of years , until the stem broke off . It would have cost more to repair than to buy another , so I bought the same model as a 2012 Xmas gift . Late in January , my husband noticed water in the watch -LRB- remember - it 's a diver 's watch ! -RRB- , and wondered what had happened . Yep - the stem broke off again . DO NOT BUY THIS WATCH ! You may get lucky , but why take a chance?Invicta Men 's 8926 Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch
 Purchased the 8926 divers watch based on positive reviews , and not having to worry about replacement battery causing watch to leak . I wore it the first day while swimming and it immediately fogged up under the crystal , which is not what I expected from a diver watch rated at 200 meters . Sending back ...
 I bought this watch 6 months ago and decided to take it into the pool . The watch got water inside the face . I was dissapointed because it is a divers watch . I called invicta for warranty service . Invicta requires a check for $ 28.00 so they can ship it overseas for repair . I only paid $ 100.00 from amazon . So I have to pay 33 pct of the purchase price so they can ship it to be repaired under warranty .
 I bought automatic 8926 model watch in march 07 . In may it stopped working . I thought it may need keying . I did it and it started . It worked for another 2 days and stopped again . I was wearing the watch all the time . At this time I thought I should return the watch . I tapped on the dial and it started working again . I am tired of doing that . I can not trust the time given by this watch . I would suggest to go and buy Timex . Do not spent a penny on this . It is just big name with no quality .
 This is a cheap watch . . you get what you for . YMMV but mine stops every day or every other day and I to reset the time to get it going again . It 's build quality is very good and appointments are beautiful . It 's a shame the operational performance is not as good .
 first one movement died , second one band broke , jeweler could n't fix it.looks good but it does n't work.i should 've listen to other people . the exact thing happened to me.a hassle to send them back and money to pay for band adjustments , i 'd purchase both many different models for men and women from invicta.they are all disappointments.but bearing a Swiss designed.japen movement.i 'm sacrificing my time writing this so you do n't have to waist you time .
 I had read a lot of positive reviews for the Invicta , and with the price being so reasonable decided on giving it a try . Well after owning it for two months I can say without any hesitation that `` you get what you pay for '' . In this case , I got a watch with an automatic movement that was poorly put together with sub par materials in a mass produced factory that resulted in the watch stopping to work after just two months . I would rather pay a little more and get the Seiko SKX007J .
 I was excited when my watch arrived . However when I opened the case I discovered the hands must had fallen off in transit . If the hands ca n't last in a protective box , then how long will they last on my wrist ? I have read other peoples reviews where the hands have fallen off in a few days or months . I have a work colleague who has one and it seems fine . I guess Invicta must have a build quality issue ... some are good , others not so good.I sent the box back and Amazon refunded my money ... now the search continues for another watch , but not an Invicta !
 I ordered this watch as an everyday watch . I only got it wet while washing dishes or a couple of times in the shower . Within 3 weeks , there was moisture under the crystal that fogged it over . This is definitely not a `` Diver 's watch '' . It never went under water more than 6 '' and was supposed to be rated down to 200 meters . It is a piece of junk . I returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 On January 4 ,2011 I bought a new Invicta Men 's 8926 Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch for $ 82.54 pl S&H . I had trouble setting the watch the first day but finally got it done . Two days later the watch displayed the wrong date so I reset it.All was well for about a week and then the watch lost three hours in one day . I reset it again and all went well till last week and then the date was off over an hour in one day and the watch lost 8 1/2 hours in 24 hours . I 'm still trying to find out who and how to contact someone to get the watch replaced .
 The first 4 months I had this watch , I would have given it 5 stars . It looked great , had a nice heavy feel and worked pretty well -LRB- I did have to adjust the time once a week or so -RRB- . However , about 4.5 months into the purchase , the screw-down crown Became stripped , and the watch was no longer water tight . I feel the reason it stripped was due to poor quality and because I had to adjust the time so often . While it is still on warranty , the customer service horror stories in these reviews , and cost of shipping back and forth , make me believe i would be better if I just write the $ 73 I spent off as a learning experience.Another problem that showed up as the watch aged -LRB- yes , 4-whole months -RRB- , was that the band was easily scratched . The beautiful mirror finish on the center of the links was quickly marred by scratches that were quite noticeable . This would not happen on higher quality stainless steel.So I will never buy another Invicta again , and I will not recommend them to anyone else . I recently purchased a very similar looking watch -LRB- Orient Men 's 2ER00002D Automatic Diver Stainless Steel Watch -RRB- From Amazon , and the automatic function is much better . I have not had to adjust it in the 3-months I 've has it ! While the Orient watch is not as heavy as the Invicta ... It works . And it works well . Get an Orient is you want a Rolex Homage watch that wo n't break in a few months .
 I had this watch a little over 2 days and I already am having problems with the screw down crown -LRB- wo n't screw down -RRB- which kind ruins water resistance , case itself seems solid watch is fairly accurate . I only have one other invicta I am starting to question their quality thankfully I only paid 60 $ I do n't really expect the same quality or accuracy as a more expensive watch but I do n't expect things to start start acting up this early , checked the warranty , 25 $ shipping and handling , hardly worth repairing , oh well lesson learned .
 Within two weeks , a pin in the watch band came apart . It took 5 attempts to reach someone in customer service . I waited 4 weeks and was shipped the wrong part . I contacted the company again and was told to mail the watch to the company -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and , despite the watch being under warranty , I was to send the company a $ 20 money order to cover shipping and handling for the return of the watch once it was repaired . So what did I buy ? A defective watch that they 'll gladly repair under warranty at MY expense -LRB- I 'm guessing the pin costs 50 cents , but they would n't send it to me and it is n't the type normally found on most watch bands or I 'd replace it myself -RRB- . I think I 'll pass and write this one off to bad judgment.In addition , the watch stops if not worn for a day.Oh well , I guess one only can expect to get what one pays for . I should have played it safe and bought a higher quality watch for a bit more money . Live and learn .
 After 6 weeks this watch started to malfunction . Called Invicta to inquire about the warranty to learn that a check for $ 35.00 must accompany the watch to obtain service . Ridiculous to pay such an amount on a $ 99.00 watch after 6 weeks . I shipped it back to Amazon and while I was penalized 20 % for a return made after 30 days of purchase I am happy to be rid of it . I would not purchase this brand .
 we were very disappointed by this watch . It stopped working almost imediatly . and went to repair atleast 2 more times .
 Great looking watch , no doubt . But , I ca n't get use to having to set the date and time each time I put it on . I can wear the watch all day , take it off when I go to bed , get up in the morning and the watch always seems to quit running before the date change at midnight . Bought an automatic winder which did n't help . I still have to set the time each morning when I put the watch on . I definitely wish I would have bought the quartz model or maybe a different watch.UPDATE !!! Now January 2012 , less than a year after purchase the watch quit working properly . The second hand stops whenever it reaches the date and does not start up unless the watch is shaken . Definitely would not recommend this watch . Cost too much to send for repairs compared to the original price so , I now have a nice looking paperweight .
 I own more watches than I need , but I 'm always in the market for another . Saw and guy wearing one of these and I said I thought that was a nice looking watch . He said , thanks , it 's an Invicta . So I started looking at this brand . Holy cow , an automatic watch for $ 100 ? I 'm in.This is a handsome watch . It 's got a bold design and I like its heavy , masculine steel band . Looks good on my wrist.But on closer inspection , it 's got about the same fit and finish as a fake , Tijuana Rolex . The machining is clumsy . For example , it 's got a screw-down crown -LRB- good -RRB- , but the knob is rough , the tension spring is too stiff , and you have to futz with it to make the threads match up when screwing it down . The clasp is thin stamped metal , and again , you need to futz with it to get it to line up before it will snap shut.I 'm not comparing this to real Rolexes or Omegas . Never owned one of those . I 'm comparing it to watches in its list price range ; Seikos and Wengers and Citizens . A $ 150 Seiko has far better quality than this Invicta.I 'm going to keep this and put it in the rotation . I 'll wear it to work periodically . But if I was looking for a daily driver , this would n't be it . You can get the same quality for less , or a much better watch for not much more . For such a cheap watch , $ 100 is actually pretty expensive .
 I bought this watch for its look and price . Overall , I had been very happy with the look and feel of it for the value . However after just 6 weeks , I have several concerns . First , the clasp on the watch broke without any significant impact . What 's frustrating is that I wo n't send it back because the warranty requires additional shipping and handling charges for this defective part . Another concern is that the watch does run fast -LRB- about 5 minutes per week or two -RRB- . I have had to reset it frequently and can not use it for work because it is not consistently accurate . Lastly , you must wear it daily or the watch will stop fairly quickly . Overall , it has not lived up to what I expected and I am very dissappointed in the warranty coverage . Any product that is broken this quickly should be fixed without charge or hassle .
 Eagerly purchased to 8926 for only $ 95.00 . It looks and feels like a much more expensive watch . It runs pretty fast , about 3 or 4 minutes a week . After wearing it for only six weeks , a link in the band keeps popping out . Invicta wants over 20 % of the purchase price for shipping even though its only a few bucks via UPS . You truly get what you pay for .
 I agree with all the others who say the watch looks nice . I like the heft to it too and love that mechanical watch half second step . Its too bad the watch is slow by 2 minutes a day . Its at least consistent in its 2 min loss . I 'll never buy another Invicta again though .
 Item not as described the watch does not have the Miyota movement which can be hand wound . . I would not have bough it If I knew .
 The watch was supposed to be automatic , and only runs for 30 minutes , even when you are wearing it and shaking your hand constantly , simply does not work . I dont feel like sending the watch back , because the waranty applies only if you sent $ 25 -LRB- I dont want to loose aditional $ 25 -RRB- . I believe this watches are made in China using cheap materials . Strongly DO N0T RECOMMEND IT
 The 8926 Invicta Dive watch is very cheap . The watch is made is very soft metal , the links rub against each other and scratch itself . I have had this watch for 2 days already has many scratches on it . The only usage was a drive to the mall and one day at work where I sit behind a desk . I would tell you to choose anything other than INVICTA watches.Since I have had this watch sized by a professional watch store , I can not return this item . Thanks for a cheap watch Amazon . Next time I 'll go to the mall and buy direct .
 The watch comes beautifully packaged and seems to be well-made . The problem is , there is a trademark engraved on the side that is not pictured above with the `` Invicta '' logo . That engraving cheapens the whole look in my opinion . The logos on the watch face are enough and that is where they belong . The engraved logo on the side is huge and ruins the look .
 The price is good , however , it does not run accurately . It runs about 5 minutes faster in one week .
 The only thing worse than this watch was the customer service I received . I sent in the watch for repair when it stopped telling the correct time . The watch was returned to me , but it still could n't keep time . Also , the company 's Web site made it impossible to track the status of my repair . When I finally did a company rep on the phone , she sounded as if she had just woken from a coma . I wrote the company a letter explaining my troubles , I received no reply . This is one of the worst outfits I 've ever dealt with . And the watch still does n't work .
 I bought one due to the attractive appearance and price . When it arrived the watch would not run more than 10 minutes . Due to circumstances beyond my control I was unable to return the watch within 30 days to Amazon . I returned the watch to Invicta -LRB- w / $ 20.00 check -RRB- for repair . It has been 2 months to this point and still have not gotten it back . Numerous phone calls to the `` service center '' have produced numerous answers to why my watch has not been returned . I find it hard to believe a company charges a customer $ 20.00 for `` shipping '' of a product that would cost $ 5.00 to send in the mail . I smell a rat . Why should you have to pay for repairs on a defective product from the factory ? Invicta 's customer service is anything but service . Save yourself time and headaches and find another brand . Also , for the comments previously made about the bracelt pins , those things are so flimsy you have to replace them with stronger pins after having the watch sized . It 's mo wonder they cost so little . I guess you get what you pay for . Buyer beware .
 I 've had this watch for 1.5 years . the stem and crown came out while I was setting the time . so much for invicta quality !
 I purchased this watch from Amazon in October 2006 . I was really impressed at first with the look of the watch and impressive packaging ! The watch looked great . Only problem was the watch was consistently slow by about 5 minutes . This required resetting the time every 3 weeks or so . A pin in the ban failed and I had to have it replaced in year 1 . Then , after owning the watch for 2 years , it died on me . Dead . This ultimate fate of my Invicta was the garbage can in 2008 . Maybe some archeologist 1000 years from now that finds it can get it to work .
 WOW ! This thing is really Good Looking . Solid feel . Only one problem , after 3 hours and 20 minutes it flat out stopped ! All the king 's horses and all the king 's men could n't get the watch started again . To top it off I returned it to Amazon and they did n't even issue a full refund . I did n't put the link back in the band , although I did return it with the watch . I figured that being as it was defective they could n't resell it anyway . What difference could it make ? About $ 4.50 as it turns out . Makes me totally rethink buying anything other than media from Amazon .
 I ca n't bear to adjust it every a few days . Is my watch the only one has this issue ? This is the most inaccurate watch I 've ever used .
 I 'd have to rate their quality control poor to bad . Mine came and after I wound it up ran for 5 minutes and quit . The second hand stuck at about the 20 minute mark and that was it . No amount of winding , shaking gently would unstick it , so back it went.Oh yeah about the pins , before I wore it I took it to a jeweler to size it and they bent one of the pins getting it out and back in . They appear to be too light gauge wire for the job.Anyway , back it went and since it was DOA , the return was not an issue . But I wo n't be buying another invicta anything .
 This sure would be a five star watch for me except for my problems with the crystal . Now , I 'm the sort of fellow who is a wee bit hard on his stuff , which is a big part of why I chose to buy this Invicta instead of a more expensive watch . This is why I like diver 's watches , because they 're durable . But within 2 weeks of buying the watch I hit it against a door frame as I was walking through it and put a nice ding in the crystal at 12 o'clock , big enough so that air could pass through to the watch face.Being impatient by nature , I thought it would be worth $ 30 to $ 40 to have the watch fixed rather than deal with the hassle and time of using the warranty . My local watch repair shop got the part Fed-Ex 'd from Invicta overnight , and it was indeed worth the cost ... for about 2 weeks , when I did exactly the same thing , this time putting a very-small-but-noticeable-to-me nick in the magnifying glass date window.Now , I know I 'm making myself sound like some sort of goofy klutz who breaks things , but I 'm really not . I carried an automatic Citizen for years on my wrist , which I was trying to replace with this , and banged it just like I describe above many , many times with no adverse event.I do love the way it looks and feels , but I do n't think I would buy this watch again , as it has not been a hassle free experience .
 Do n't buy this product . about one week after i bought this watch , I was trying to adjust the time , the adjusting pin came out , which I could never fix . Why should it be so fragile when i paid $ 100 ? the look was good though
 It is very small so that fat men like me is not going to be good , is going to be very small like a woman 's watch .
 This watch was extremely disappointing . The packaging was fantastic . Sad to say that if the best part of a product is the packaging . The watch was not heavy . The band felt cheap and thin . The buttons on the side were locked and would not press in . The main button to pull out to adjust the time was frozen in place . For the price , I suppose I got what I paid for . While I was trying to figure out the buttons , one came unscrewed and fell out . I could not get it to go back in place either . This has to be the cheapest watch I 've ever encountered . I 've seen fake watches on the street that operated and felt better than this one . Save your time and money and do not buy products from this company . I will never purchase another Invicta Watch of any kind ever again . Purchased a nice Seiko once I returned this junky watch .
 First of all I would like to mention that the Invicta brand , that exists and produces watches nowadays , has nothing to do with the Swiss company that bears the same name , but went into bankruptcy a few decades ago.The actual Invicta company is an american one and has bought the rights to use this name.The mechanisms are Swiss made or made in Japan.About the ones made in Switzerland I can not post an opinion.This particular model -LRB- 9211 -RRB- , which I purchased this year , has a japanese mechanism -LRB- Made by Myota I think -RRB- . Every 24 hours it loses some precious seconds , so , after a few days it becomes a matter of minutes.In conclusion it has a problem with precision , beeing unable to keep time with accuracy.I would advise anyone who wants to buy this watch to think twice.Of course the discount price is attractive but the watch does n't meet it 's expectasions ; I consider that a `` minimum '' dose of accuracy is required.The only good aspect about this watch is it 's appearance.Learn from other 's mistakes ...
 Shame on me ... I should have known that you get what you pay for . I tried to set the date , the time and nothing worked . The stem did not have 2 detents , just one . It was impossible to set the time and date . I guess it must be me ... I 'm an idiot . I sent it back ...
 Product arrived in a small box , when i opened it , the band was not connected to the watch so i had to fix it myself , and the watch was really light from what it really looks like . I thought it was n't worth the money , so i returned it .
 This watch looks good but the movement is terrible . I got this watch as a Christmas gift but the 24 hour register was synchronized to the hour hand . I must warn you , if you purchase this watch then do n't be suprised if it does n't work right . It may look like a Rolex but it does n't work like one .
 con mucha rabia ya que envien un correo electronico al fabricante invicta ya que el relos se le partio el cristal siendo que es un reloj para una persona activa joven debe ser mas resistente y no recibi ninguna respuestas de ellos gracis ya que se que amazon es bastante serioreally angry , and they send an email to the manufacturer Morelos unbeaten since he broke the glassthank you
 The product is not as good as the pictures . They make it sound a great deal by showing the original price as 388 odd dollars . The fact is i would not pay more than $ 40.00 ... Pros . . PackageCons . . Everything else is a joke . .
 I 've on this for two months now.PRO
 The Amazon description of the movement was wrong , and all this time later is still wrong . Beware anyone who wants this watch to be a chronograph . Unlike any quartz movement I know , the large center hand is the seconds hand , while the tiny dial at 6 o'clock contains the chrono second hand . You ca n't time anything that way . Further , the tachymeter can not be used , for obvious reasons.If you want a watch that looks like a chronograph but behaves like a regular watch , then buy this one . But if you want a chronograph , stay away.The description does n't reveal any of this . It actually says it measures time to within 1/60th of a second!Very disappointing . Only got a second star because Amazon took it back and paid return shipping .
 I reviewed this watch when I originally bought it ... sad to say that it broke within a year . The time was wildly off . I do n't think it was worth the money . My original review is as follows : I bought this watch for my younger brother for his birthday.I have to agree with previous posts - this watch is beautiful.It has the right amount of heaviness to it and looks like any other luxury watch in terms of quality.I am sure that there are major differences between how his watch and a Rolex operate , but if you 're simply looking for a beautiful watch , this is it.My brother is quite large - 6 ' 5 '' and 200 lbs - and this watch was a great size .
 This watch appeared to be just what I wanted and glad to receive it . Unfortunately it did n't work so I was very displeased . The `` crown '' which you pull out to set the time and date would not move , so I returned the watch .
 I bought this watch in 2011 but it did not even last a year . Although the watch looked stunning , the internal mechanism was sketchy . The spindle to adjust the dials must have 3 positions as per the manual but it only moves 2 notches . The chrono function is triggered by the first button on top while it is reset by the last button . When you reset the chrono the second hand spins counter clockwise to come back to the home position.Now , if u move frequently between time zones line I do , you have to constantly keep adjusting the times . Here is where all the problems started . When you pull the spindle to set the time the spindle does not latch on to the right postion to set the time . Within 6 months I had the spindle completely disengage from the watch.As for the service , invicta provided an extended 5 year warranty on the watch however , you have to jump a few hoops before you can send the watch in for service . First you need to create a service ticket online on their website . Then you have to mail the watch to them along with a $ 30 handling and return shipping fee . If you have to spend $ 30 on a watch that costed $ 90 within a year , then that does not sound like good deal to begin with . Then they say that you have to wait for a while -LRB- i think like 5 or 6 weeks -RRB- to get back your watch . Even then if they find that some parts are damaged . you will have to pay for those parts . only service would be free.All in all a bad investment . You will be better off with a fossil .
 I must say I was not very pleased with the looks of this one when I opened the box . I instantly thought it was a fake.I 've read a lot of positive reviews on this one and loved the way it looked by the photos I 've seen of it . Apparently I 've only seen old photos of it . . The lovely texture on the dial 's face gives it an expensive look , so based on this , and the positive reviews , I purchased this one from Amazon UK.So I was very disappointed to see how different this one looks in reality , the dial 's face is quite different than how it 's presented in the photos here on Amazon -LRB- both . com and . co.uk -RRB- , if you give it a close look.The dial 's face looks in reality like a plastic sticker has been put on it , and the nice texture is almost not visible . If I finally get the `` right '' lighting on it , so I can barely see the hint of texture on it , it just enchances the `` plastic look '' of the dial ` s face . The rest of the watch , the case and the bracelet , looks and feels solid though , and it definately has some weight to it.I googled a bit to see if this was a fake I have recieved . . What I found is that Invicta apparently made some changes to this watch , as photos I 've seen in other forums of recent date -LRB- from 2011 -RRB- , looks like mine , and that photos earlier than 2010-2011 has the more `` authentic '' / expensive and solid look that I expected.If you look close to it , you 'll see that the new version -LRB- 2011 ? -RRB- has not the very visible texture -LRB- and actually less visible in reality -RRB- , the markers at 3 , 6 and 9 o'clock is missing , the circles of the chronograph is at a bit more distance from each other , this does not look good at all in my opinion and gives it a less authentic look , and the frame around the date is more rounded.I could live with the changes of the markers , and date frame , but absolutely not with the plastic look and absence of the visible texture on the dial ` s face . After all , in my opinion it is the nice look of the texture combined with the more centered chronograph circles that adds the solid and expensive look to it and made me buy this one.So the photos Amazon present of this watch , as of today , -LRB- they 'll probably and should change it soon -RRB- , they show the old and nicer looking version.So beware of that.If you do n't mind about this , this is probably a good watch . I will never know as I 'm returning it . . -LRB- Thanks Amazon for great customer service -RRB- ! You can take a look here
 Not how it looked in picture much different then what i was expexting . Thoght it would be nicer feels face and feels like it is low quility
 A complete Maglite C or D 3 cell is priced even less than this replacement part . the complete flashlight ! Would n't be better to buy the flashlight , instead of an upgrade ? Besides , the original Maglite brand upgrade runs for about $ 15 . Do n't be fooled by such high prices
 Unfortunately , the bike arrived with a missing seat and the hardware necessary to attach the wheel guards . Some major tinkering has to be done , for example to keep the chain guard from hitting the pedal . The manufacturer promised a new seat three weeks ago , and I have yet to get it . There was a chance I could have been happy about this purchase , but given the lack of pieces and the hassle with trying to obtain them I ca n't say that I am .
 Very hard to put together if you do n't have metric tools . The wheels were altered in the shipping and was missing essential parts . Was n't able to ride it and had to walk it into a bike shop for a $ 50 bare essential repair job . The bike took forever to ship and was in poor condition upon arrival . Better luck with a different company .
 I received the 9212 speedway and it was a faulty watch . The date would n't set . Had to turn the hands for 24 hrs to set the date . Called Invictia and they told me it was faulty , so i sent it back ,
 Just after peeling all of the plastic off the watch the front bezel fell off . I took it to a jewlery store and they were suprised and I will be asking Amazon for a replacement . If the next one is defective I will be looking at other brands .
 I got my Speedway Chronograph back in November 2009 . At first I loved the watch and it worked great . I collect watches so did not have it on everyday ... A short while later as I was wearing it I notice the chronograph -LRB- timing hand - large second hand -RRB- go off 12:00 . I know I did n't hit the watch on anything ... I was using the chronograph feature and the hand did not return back to 12:00 when resetting it . I adjusted it by unscrewing both the start & stop buttons for the timer and pulling out the main shaft like one would set the time on the watch . Pushed the buttons to move the timer hand forward or backward . Once done it seemed to work again but after a short while the same thing happened ... I performed the same adjusting procedure to fix it.I started wearing the watch just about everyday and making sure that it worked and that I did n't hit or drop the watch on anything . It seemed `` OK '' for a while . One night I put it down on a table and the next morning it stopped working all together . I had to `` tap '' it lightly on the table to get it to work again.I own another Invicta diver 's watch -LRB- large one -RRB- and do not have any of these issues at all . It 's not a chronograph but it works fine.The movement and other inner components of this watch are really cheap . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND SAVE THE $ $ $ TO BUY A BETTER MADE WATCH . I 've had better success with Pulsar Chronograph watches than this one . I own several of these and have never had any issues with any of them . One of them is about 18 years old and still works great !
 Bought this watch as a gift for someone who could not afford a new watch after their old one gave out . They were really excited when they opened the box . It looks beautiful ! Unfortunately , the watch did not work . NONE of the side dials were operative -- they were all frozen in place . It was impossible to even set the time . Sadly , this gift became a huge disappointment and this person remains , now again , without a watch . It is a complete hassle to straighten out this whole mess . Not likely to purchase this watch again .
 I have Purchased and received 2 peices of this watch and I can say that this is the worst thing I 've ever ordered in my life.the watch it self looks good , but it is not working properly , and always either ahead or later than the actual time , no matter how many times I had it readjusted.I strongly do NOT recommend anybody to buy this thing as it is a waste of money and time .
 Battery empty What is the solutionI need a new battery because the clock has no need of battery Please reply to me
 I understand some of these watches come with screws for removing links . This one did not it came with only small brads and the brads themselves do not secure the band and keep it from falling off of your wrist . I would not recomend any watch that has a band that the links are secured by links .
 Could never get the small dials to zero themselves and returned it . Otherwise it is a good looking quality appearing piece . Probably just got a bad example of the model .
 Nice watch . The small hands where off and you could not adjust them . I read the directions on how to adjust the hands . Only the small second hand would adjust not the others . So I return the watch .
 This is my worst watch ever . PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE STRESS AND SAVE YOUR MONEY . This watch started changing color day 2 , not only changing the gold colour but even the stainless steel . Nice looking watch but such a waste of money , i cant even give it out as a gift cos it looks all scratched up now . SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY ON AN OTHERWISE GOOD LOOKING WATCH .
 Malfunction straight away . Random slowness , was not battery . Hardtoken return as a defective item . Disappointed at such high reviews but low quality .
 Unfortunately I had to return this item . It only looks very nice but I could n't even adjust the time because the crown and the keys for the chronograph did n't work at all . However I had my refund very quick and I decided to go for a better known brand
 While this watch appeared to be a lovely watch . Within a few months of purchase , the stem locked in place and can not be used to adjust the watch . Yes , there is a warranty . The watch , however , cost $ 60 on Amazon , and the warranty fee is $ 29 to return it to Invicta -LRB- which happens to be located about 3 miles from my home , but they do not allow you to drop off defective items -RRB- . It does not seem worthwhile to spend 50 % of the cost of the watch on a repair within the first four months after purchase . Very disapointing !
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend last year , and within 6 months the hands on the watch did not have enough `` juice '' to do anything more than quiver . Within a couple weeks of that , it stopped completely.I contacted Invicta about having it fixed , as it is under their 1 year warranty . They will fix it , yes , but I have to pay to have the watch shipped to their headquarters . I also have to enclose a check for $ 28 for `` return shipping fees '' . This seems like a very expensive battery fix . The problem is , if you take the watch somewhere local to have the battery changed , the second another party than Invicta removes the battery cover , the warranty is voided . Seems to be a bit of a stronghold to me . Pretty bogus.All in all , until the battery gave out , it was a decent watch . I wish someone at Invicta had been willing to take even ONE STEP to leave me feeling like a satisfied , valued customer .
 Whenver you buy an Invicta , it 's a crapshoot . Nice-looking , inexpensive watch . But if your 's goes bad , you 're lost since service is non-existent and the service fees are about the same as the watch itself . I had this model 9212 which worked fine for six months or so when I neglected to screw down the stems and contrals tightly . If they loosen , water gets in and you have a useless watch . This time , since I like the watch 's looks , I thought I take a chance and try to be sure the controls are never opened and alwys water-tight this time around.But the watch that came was pathetic brand new right out of the box ! The chronograph second hands would n't work , the tenths hand ran backwards . Generally nothing worked . So I bought a Seiko . They always work -LRB- 25 years for mine -RRB- and are good-looking too . I learned my lesson this time around .
 The looks and feel of the watch is really great but I think the reason why they sell this in a much lower price because its defective . The longer hand -LRB- which is the second -RRB- does not align with the marker . It is such a shame ...
 Normally Invicta is a great watch . This one quit working after only a few weeks . Manufacturer charges $ 28 for them to process `` warranty '' repairs .
 Opened the box , WOW ! It is drop dead gorgeous ! Read the instructions , attempted to follow same . Fergitaboutit ! Both Chronograph buttons frozen solid . Guess I could of worn it as a time piece only except it would have aggravated me every time I looked at it . Then noted it was running when I opened the box . Hmmmmmmm , a previous return methinks . Back to Amazon with it , no more for me .
 Watch came deffective . Chronograph functions are not working . In addition big seconds ' swipping hand in not functionig . Horrible , horible quality . Came deffective right out of the box . What a shame ! Because watch looks and feels great on the wrist . I knew I was taking a chance with Invicta , but two out of two watches deffective ! Anfortunately it 's probably true for most of their watches .
 Bought this watch dipped it into a jewerly cleaner i recommend you leave bezel in as your warranty will not cover you if you leave it out when your swimming etc. . . and water gets in watch is water proof only when bezel is closed this is what io was told by a watch company called presicion time
 watch is beautiful well built but finally got it set and the second hand does not move and the chrono features do not work either ??? what gives invicta looks fantastic -LSB- ... -RSB-
 When i was deciding to get a watch for myself , I was tied between buying this one and the invicta 9211 . I had seen the two tone daytona watch and really really liked it and as i had heard that this watch was very similiar to the rolex one so i went for it.Well surprise surprise a 100 dollar watch ca n't compete with a 20000 $ watch . This watch is extremely cheap looking although it is functional but it is kind of watch that street hussler 's wear . So if you think yourself to be in the category of a business man or salaried employee , strictly stay away and buy the invicta 9211 as it is much more decent looking .
 I ordered an Invicta watch on the morning of 9/7/10 which included free Super Saver Shipping . At 7:00 pm on 9/9/10 the order still had not shipped and my expected arrival date was shown as 9/24/10 . I changed the shipping method to regular ground , paid $ 4.95 , and it shipped later that evening . Free Super Saver is a farce!Now , another 2 days later FedEx shows shipping was initiated , but it still has not been picked up by them.I have no idea where my watch is , but I do know one thing , I will NEVER order from Amazon again !!!
 Looking at the pictures , i was impressed and took the watch . But , I guess , its not worth for the money . Its heavy on the wrist and I always wanted to keep it on the desk rather wearing .
 I received a brand new watch which was defective and it seems I have no recourse to exchange it for a properly working watch . I am not pleased .
 I liked the watch for a month until my son pointed out that the second needle is not moving symmetrical . Over all , it takes 60 seconds for the second needle to make one complete rotation , but there are seconds where in it will not move or it will move two spaces in one shot . . A bit annoying , had that been right , I would have gone for a higher rating ...
 When my husband took the watch to get it fitted and they tried to set the date the thing that sits it just turns and turns leaving the watch unable to set the date .
 This watch has hands that disappear in the busy face , the colors blend too much , and you have to look hard to see the time . It is also very heavy on the wrist .
 Arrived - the second hand hopped around , the stopwatch function did not work . Verified at watch repair that battery good and the faults ere real , so returned for refund .
 I was really disappointed when I opened my new Invicta 9212 . It was much smaller than I expected , and felt much cheaper than my older Invicta . I suppose I should have actually determined how large 40mm was before I ordered . Just to be clear , a 40mm watch face is NOT large for a men 's watch . It is , in my opinion , a small to medium size for a modern men 's watch -LRB- it actually looked better on my wife 's small wrist -RRB- . As a result , it does NOT stand out , does NOT look impressive , and does NOT make the impact I needed it to make . If you are looking for a two-tone watch that is really going to `` POP '' and grab attention , keep shopping . This does n't even come close . In fact , this would have been the smallest watch in my watch collection -LRB- and I have several `` medium-sized '' watches -RRB- . Furthermore , there are images of the watch that demonstrate a nice texture in the white portion of the dial . This texture is not very noticeable in person , and does NOT look intricate . It looks cheap . Yeah , it was only seventy-five dollars , but I think I can do better . I am thinking of exchanging it for a Bulova or Michael Kors that are similar in appearance , but larger and more expensive . I probably wo n't buy another Invicta . I think they have lowered their quality significantly over the years .
 The size was too small for me . I have large wrists and this looks very small on me . The appearance is not the usual high visual I get from as I did with my previous Invictas I have purchased .
 I received two Invicta watches as a gift at the same time . One of them was the 9212 , and it looked good out of the box . After you wear them 10-15 times all of the gold will start coming off the band . This did happen on both of them . I would never buy another Invicta that is two-tone .
 The Invicta 9212 watch pictured on Amazon has a bar at each hour on the face . The watch I received did not have bars at the 3 an 9 position . In my research I found that the difference in appearance was an indication that the chronograph movement has been changed from the original version of the watch which is pictured on Amazon . The original version had a Miyota OS20 movement , with the large second hand at rest until you activate the chrono function . The watch I received had the large second hand continuously running , which indicates an inferior chronograph movement . I returned the watch . Buyer beware .
 I got this watch for my dad . I was able to wind the clock to adjust the time , but unable to wind it to chage the date on this clock . It just wo n't budge . I 'm feeling cheated for the price I paid as this is the basic 2 functions the sellers should have ensured that the watch has . Overall dissatisfied .
 I hate to be the bearer of bad news but this is probably my 4th invacta I bought and the quality of this watch is . . well . . poor . It does not compare at all to theInvicta Men 's 10704 Speedway Chronograph Blue Dial 18k Gold Ion-Plated Stainless Steel WatchorInvicta Men 's 1774 Pro Diver Collection Chronograph Watch . In terms of weight , material , functionality , and of course looks . To me this would be a good gift for a women , it is small , lightweight and it 's not a horrible price for what you are getting .
 I was looking for a good looking , automatic sport watch , and this seemed to fit the bill at the time . The two-tone with the blue face fit perfectly with my uniform . 300 meter water resistant for those times I find myself going in the water . All the features I wanted . I asked our department `` watch guy '' about the 2824 movement , and got quite a lesson on the Eta movement and how they are used in some very high-end timepieces . So when the watch came and was gaining several seconds a day I was a bit concerned until I read more about it and found that it was normal for a new automatic movement , and that that would change in a few months . It did . Now I am resetting my watch every day -LRB- sometimes twice -RRB- . Now it 's not unusual for it to be gaining 100-120 sec . each day . I checked inside the handy glass window on the back of the watch with a bright lamp and a 10X magnifying glass , and could not find the Eta logo , normally stamped on their movements , anywhere in there . I now suspect that the `` 2824 '' reference was a nice little bait and switch that I sadly bought , thinking it was an Eta 2824-2 automatic movement . Because of strict Swiss laws , I have no doubt that it is a Swiss movement , but more than likely a Mark 1 , Mod 0 , bargain basement movement , but Swiss nonetheless . Avoid this puppy like the plague , unless that is , you 're one of those people who are chronically late for everything . If that 's the case , buy two , and you 'll never be late again .
 I will be sending this bike back after spending the last 3 days trying to assemble it . No assembly instructions were included outside of the owners manual , which seems to be a generic manual so nothing is specific to this model bike and refers to hardware not even available on this bike . Had to attach the seat , handle bars and front wheel which did n't seem too hard ... but we thought wrong . The seat does n't attach at all . . maybe they forgot to include the hardware ? And the only way we could put on the front wheel was by taking off the brakes , which then were too tight for the wheel to spin . Tried to loosen the brakes by turning every screw -LRB- which requires use of 3 allen wrenches , not included ! -RRB- and still no luck . . but we did manage to have the brakes fall off entirely . Tried pumping the handbrakes which got stuck and then totally jammed . I do n't know how all the other reviewers managed to put this bike together so easily , but apparently I was missing the manual , hardware or some other part essential to assembly . I am returning this bike and getting one locally that is already built . I do n't want to deal with this headache again !
 I order this set of golf clubs . They were fine however the last two times my son used them the heads to three of the irons broke off .
 I am sorry I bought these clubs for my son . We have them a week now . The second time on the driving range the three wood head broke off . This is on a grass range NOT OFF A MAT !!! I will now try to get my money back . Wish me luck.I rate them with one star because there is nothing lower .
 I was looking for the wet 'n' wild pictured . I even called and they assured me it was it . When it came it was a different , smaller tube . Part of this is sportsstuff 's fault , they use the same model number with different sized tubes . The seller was n't super-easy to work with , since it was so large I 'd be paying a huge shipping fee , so I just kept it . It 's a great tube , shipped fast , too bad it was n't what I asked for .
 This screen house is terrible , the poles do not lock together . There is very little overlap from roof to screen sides making bug entry very easy . I had it put up for an hour and it shook apart twice in a lite breeze . I called for return that same day 07-21-06 , it is now 09-19-06 and have yet to receive return slip . This after waiting 7 to 10 days and calling again and promised a new slip would be sent in 3 buisness days . Do not use this screen house or vendor !!!
 Bought this watch and the illumination featured never worked ; when you push on the button it goes blank . The compass has to be reset frequently and the altimeter always gives erroneous readings .
 This watch has gone blank on me several times . Removing the battery and putting it back makes it reset to 1/1/2006 and loses altitude.For 3 months the altimeter was inaccurate but marginally useful . Now it randomly changes the altitude . I bought a new battery and went for hike . I set the altitude to 2200 feet and 2 minutes later it said 2800 feet . The compass never worked at all .
 This product is nowhere near as bright as it is in the picture - it could barely -LRB- and I tried -RRB- light up a hot tub ...
 Ordered two , one came torn wire where battery connects . Lights are so dim that nothing reflects at pool . Do not waste money buying this product .
 not very strong lighting , never got much show in the pool but my granddaughter -LRB- 8 yo -RRB- uses it as a show light for background to put on singing shows
 It would be ok for a small pool or hot tub but a 30 x 14 is just ca n't do the job you see in the pictures . You get what you pay for
 did not have any effect in my pool which is not that big ... very disappointing product , the light was dim and it did not cover the pool , pictures are very misleading
 Cant see the lights unless its in a baby pool . Like a pool that is two feet deep.Dont buy it unless that is what you plan on using it for
 THE PRODUCT IS NOT BRIGHT ENOUGH , AND FOR THE AMOUNT PAID IT SHOUL HAVE A TIGHT SEAL . I USED IT MAYBE 2 NIGHTS BECAUSE WATER GOT IN AND NOW IT IS USELESS .
 The picture is very deceiving . This product barely puts out any light at all . The light that did come out was nothing like the picture . You would have to have at least 4 of them to light a 16 '' pool . I was very disappointed .
 I have two of these that I bought at a Pinch A Penny . They ARE neat . That is all . They do not light up a pool . They do not light up a porch . They might light up a bathtub , but the colors are n't as cool as the ones in the photo . Total waste of money .
 bought this at a local pool supply shop . Could n't see the lights during the day so I was waiting for a night swim . By the time I was able to go in at night , it was n't working . switched out the batteries and it still was n't working . I 've tried letting it dry out for a couple weeks but it is made to break . Please do n't waste your money .
 I was very excited to purchase this item for my daugthers birthday pool party ... But was very very dissapointed with the result . First it is only visible the absolute darkness , and my pool is 18x36 so it said to get more than 1 so I ordered 2 , the lights only shine directly below the floating light ... not all over the sides and bottom like the picture shows ... I would need 20 + for it to appear like the picture ... Do n't waste your money
 I bought this pool light show in mid-July and the thing doesnt work after the first use . The lights are hardly visable in the water and are no where near what the picture shows . I was so looking forward having this light for our pool and all I can say is save your money this is a rip off .
 I found water inside this unit , and quickly disposed of it , it was only few days in the pool after i purchased it .
 HAD TO SEND IT BACK BECUSE IT DID NOT WORK . WHEN I GOT THE NEW ONE BACK I PUT IT IN MY POND AND IT DID NOT DO WHAT IT LOOKED LIKE IT WOULD DO ON THE BOX . DO NOT BUY THIS LIGHT , IT WAS A WAST OF TIME AND MONEY !
 the item came on time , however put in the batteries and had knock it around to get it to work , then it just quit , changed the batteries and it does n't even work !
 In the display image it appears that the item displays colors all across a rather large pool when in reality it only displays colors in about a 4-5 ft ring around the product .
 I have an inground pool and even though we do have a pool light I thought the kids would like multi colors . I was n't thinking it would cover the whole pool but I did think it would cover the size of an above ground pool . NOT the case . It covers a VERY small area and yes it is pretty to look at & has more then one pattern of lights its barely visible , hope this helps anyone looking to purchase .
 I went through three of these pieces of crap and not one of them worked or worked consistently.The first one the fountain would not work , the second the post that you screw that battery cap onto broke , and the third one worked okay for an hour and shot the crap.I even purchased their so called ` new and improved ' -LRB- basically same pos in a different package -RRB- and still had issues with it.Not user-friendly at all considering the price paid for something that simply glows and spits out water.I would not recommend wasting your money on this product .
 You really need lots of them to illuminate your swimming pool . They ended in the bathtube were my kids play with them . I was very dissappointed ...
 I bought it for my in ground pool which is about 10 X 20 feet , and unfortunately it did not work very well ... I believe that for my pool I would need 3 or 4 of those to have a nice effect . Also , after approximately 1 week , the green lights just stopped working .
 I bought this in hopes that it would show in my little pool but really it is not even a quarter as bright as the pictures . In the pitch black , I can barely see it shining at all .
 This LED light was n't very bright . It did n't shine over a large surface area , and was nowhere near as bright as the photo . I even tried different sets of new batteries .
 It barely covers a couple feet . You ca n't even see the lights unless you have every other light in the area off . The pool does n't show the spots either , just blurred color . Barely . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this Aqua Glow for my 16 yr old daughhter for X'mas . It was bit of fun for the spa.We have a charcoal pool so the lights do n't reflect in our pool . I recommend it if you have a light tiled pool and you would need 2 or 3 units for a disco effect in a large -LRB- 10 person -RRB- Spa.Otherwise it is made of good quality , solid plastic , well sealed from water getting in to the battery unit.A bit of fun !!
 I bought two of these for my hot tub . LOVED them they were a great accent to the nigh time . They last a few weeks then died . I figured it was just the batteries but i tried switching them with brand new ones and NOTHING !! i am sooooooo disappointed because we all really enjoyed them .
 I bought 3 of these lights - even with the 3 it did n't show - they must have had tons in the pool to make it look this good
 I read all the other reviews , and all I can say is that this product is just plain and simple JUNK ! I have a pool of 18x36 feet , and when you place this floater in it , nothing happens at all ! The depth of a normal pool prevents this device from projecting the colors to the ground . Do n't get fooled by this picture in the advertisement . It is completely misleading ! In the shallow end , where the depth is about 2 feet , you could make out some dingy , tiny circles , and over a surface of maybe ONE square foot !!! What a disappointment ! 20 bucks to waste is maybe not the end of the world , but to me , it is , because I hate being `` taken '' . So beware ! Keep your money for something useful !
 I saw the pictures , read the reviews and could n't wait to see the light in action . Disappointment with a capital `` D '' ! The range of the projected lights was 1.5 ' in diameter - maybe 2 ' , which is fine for your average kiddie pool but for a large , adult-sized pool - plan on buying 15-20 of these to get the effect shown in the pictures . In my opinion this product was grossly misrepresented !!
 This product does not live up to the claims nor the picture . It does not glow the way they claim it does . I have an above ground pool and the water stays clear and the AquaGlow can barely be seen on the bottom of the pool . It shines great out of water though . I replace the batteries several time thinking that would help , it did n't . Do not buy this product . You 'll be disappointed !!
 Okay , so I bought this product thinking `` oh my god this will be great '' and when it arrived I was extremely excited to try it out . Setting it up was easy and I quickly had it in the water . The lights were not as dark and vibrant as the pictures online depicted , in fact , I am guessing that to get that type of effect you would need about six of these lights ! The first week I used this product it was okay . The lights worked and was somewhat pretty in the small area it worked of the pool and then after a week or so it broke ! The water had seeped into the battery compartment . I tried to dry out and clean up but I could never get this product to work again . Considering I purchased the biggest type of this light , paying fifty dollars , this product was so not worth it ! I would not recommend this product to others .
 Picture does not look anything like shown . We only have a 16 foot pool andwould probably need at least four more to look even close to picture . Very disappointed .
 this is shown in pool & packaging says for tub . my pool looks like one displayed but picture they have on there it does n't show anything like this . If nbuying for pool you need to buy 10 - 20 to get that effect if for tub is ok . I think it 's a joke to show item like picture displayed . very discieving .
 The on/off button on this light stopped working the first time it was in the pool , so we 've had to take the batteries out everytime we wanted to turn it off . The batteries tend to fall out of place whenever there are waves in the pool and it gets to be a pain in the butt to keep putting them back in place - especially if there are kids in the pool . Works better as decoration when no one is planning on swimming , but I think that kind of defeats the purpose .
 Do n't believe the photo showing the light effects . It in NO way fills the entire pool with such full circles of light . Just a small area , very little dots and you need complete darkness to see anything . Big let down this product is . Maybe use in a bathtub for the kids ... seriously poor product .
 I live in a pitch black country town . I still could not see the light in the pool . It was more like a blur of lights . Not worth the money . However , it does work in the bathtub for the kids . Nice way to get them in the tub .
 i read the reviews saying 1 wasnt enough for people 's pools , so i bought 2 thinking it would be enough for my above ground pool , sadly it was n't . my pool is a decent size , i think 24 round 4ft deep , and 2 is definitely not enough , maybe if i bought another 5-6 lights and my whole pool would be lit . the light when it 's in the pool reaches down to the floor , but it doesnt spread out far , maybe a foot around the item . also it has to be like pitch black outside for you to see the lights , but its so pretty . theres also like 3-4 different light speeds . the aquaglow itself was bigger than i expected , and they sent me different colored tops -LRB- an orange and a yellow one -RRB- from the pictures they showed which is no big deal . unfortunately i do n't think i 'll be purchasing this product again , and i probably wo n't use it in my pool besides from when i tested it , but it 's in my room as a colorful night light :-RRB- * also i paid like an extra 10 $ for 1 day delivery cause i wanted to try it before my pool party , but i did n't expect to have to sign for it at delivery . i was n't home when UPS came on friday , so i didnt get it til monday annnnd the UPS guy didnt even wait this time , they just left it on my porch -- i pretty much lost my one day shipping money and time but i guess that was my fault , but i just thought i 'd throw that in there .
 Product lights up very small area . My pool is small and 4.5 ft at the deepest party . I think I would need at least 4 of these to give an effect similar to the picture . Very ineffective .
 The picture shows the entire pool lit up from one floating light . This is defiantly not the case . Even in the darkest setting it 's a joke . I used it late at night when it was pitch dark out and it was not at all what I expected . I guess it would be like the picture shows if I had bought 20 of them and crowded my pool full of floating debris .
 Do n't expect to see the beautiful colors shown in the pictures of the product on internet ... That 's 100 % photoshop ... In the real world the light is weak ... I tried to use it in my SPA -LRB- 2m x 1,8 m -RRB- but the AquaGlow batteries loose connection if there 's any vibration ... if it moves , the light will turn off ... No , I do n't recommend it to a friend ...
 It does n't even work and I tried everything from making sure I followed the instructions , Changing batteries , tried again multiple different times and It has not worked . Not even for a moment . It was a waste of money and time . Rip-off
 The lights would be great if they worked . It worked for about 5 minutes . We thought we would wait until dark and try it . One light only worked so we changed the batteries just thinking that could be the problem and still only one light would work . NOW no lights at all work . The packaging was tossed so I am out the funds . NOT HAPPY .
 the picture makes you think it will light up the entire pool . It only puts a small circle of light around the light . If you had it in a kiddie pool it may light the whole pool , but for a regular size pool , save your money .
 I was very excited about buying this product to light up the pool during my son 's birthday party but it did n't work very well . It is supposed to range from 10-15 feet but only ranges maybe 6-8 feet . Also has to be pitch black for it to work -LRB- somewhat dark is not enough for it to work at all -RRB- .
 i order two light a big and a small one and they barely make a difference in my pool . i put them in for my house warming party and it didnt catch anyones eye ! not what i expected ... and i am going to get my money back .
 I was excited when received my new `` Invicta Men 's Elite Titanium Watch # 9537 '' from Amazon , but then I was extremely dissapointed , the watch must be either Titanium PLATED or Titanium COLOR , but it was NOT Titanium , you can instantly obviously tell by the weight -LRB- I have a couple Titanuim watches -RRB- . Also the nice rich color depicted in the ad photo was NOT what the watch actually looked like in real life , it was VERY dissapointing!BUT ... I have to tell anyone reading this ... AMAZON WAS WONDERFUL!They returned the watch ASAP with only a very minor s/h fee.I was very happy with the way Amazon treated me , I will DEFINETELY buy from then again and again !
 After owning this watch for just two months the date indicator stoped turning and will not turn manualy . Amazon would not take care of an exchange because it is over 30 days so I am now having to ship the watch back to the manufacturer . I am not pleased with Amazon 's short 30 return/exchange policy or with the fact the watch has failed already . It is a good looking watch . Hopefully the manufacturer will be easy to work with . But now I have to pay to ship it back and who know what else .
 These might make a great addition to a costume or maybe work great for off-road riding , but I warn any fellow riders looking for street-riding goggles to look elsewhere . These essentially eliminate your peripheral vision to a point where riding in any traffic would be extremely dangerous . Save your money and your life , look elsewhere .
 No way these could be over-glasses goggles . Poor construction , terrible fit . My dog 's Doggles are a thousand percent better product .
 I agree with most everything the previous reviewer said , however , I have a beef with the durability of this product . A year ago while on a trip to Costa Rica , they fell off my belt on to a well-padded thick carpeted floor while still in the case . This was enough to mess up the focusing mechanism such that it was beyond what the diopter adjust could fix . So for the rest of the vacation , I was forced to look at birds and animals with one eye!Leica has a lifetime warranty , but return shipping is only covered for the first 4 years . I was beyond the 4 year limit , so I had to send in $ 35 to cover the return postage . I sent them for repair in June 2009 and got them back , but they still were n't fixed ! I sent them back -LRB- this time Leica covered the postage both ways -RRB- , and got them back fixed this time -LRB- I thought -RRB- . Now , less than a year later , they have the exact same problem without any dropping incident . They are even in a much more padded case which I got after the first problem . Since I ca n't trust these binoculars , I bought a pair of compact Nikons -LRB- Nikon Premier LX-L 8x20 Binoculars -RRB- that I 'm pleased with . I sent the Leicas for repair today -LRB- $ 15 to send them to New Jersey plus the $ 35 to get them back -RRB- . We 'll see if they can get it right this time.Update
 I have used and tested this watch on a compass course and real world . I had nothing but problems out of it . The compass almost never gives correct bearings even when calibrated the only thing it will do accurately is tell time . Money is better spent on a Suunto or Casio pathfinder .
 Received the watch OK and am happy with the specification however I have doubts whether the watch is brand new?The second sweep hand jumps in 2 second increments when I put the watch on in the morning which is an indicator the battery is about to expire which is unacceptable for a brand new watch.The temperature function dosent always work and the stainless steel back has scuff marks for a watch less than a monthold that has never got wet -LRB- at least not in my ownership -RRB- Usually the steel back on a brand new watch is flawless , not so with the watch I have.I 'm suspicious I dont have a brand new watch and have been shipped a 2nd hand watch or a watch someone has returned and or its been on a shelf for too long?I have purchased numerous goods with Amazon and have always found them to be easy and proficient to deal with . I will be requesting a replacement which will be the true litmus test whether Amazon stands by their products and customers.Watch this space .
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 My warranty for this product expired january 07 ; image stabilization failed 11 weeks later ! Factory repair cost quoted as $ 577.88 . I would advise not purchasing Canon image stabilization products based on my experience .
 The rubberized coating began to deteriorate after a little over 2 years of use to the point where it stained my hands . I sent the binocs to Cannon and their estimate for repair was about what I paid for them new . They also accused me of causing the problem by getting some type of `` repellent or lotion '' on them . This was my response : The binoculars have never been exposed to any type of repellent or lotion or abuse of any kind and for you to suggest so is inappropriate . On the contrary , they have always been wiped down to remove any salt water spray before storing and have always been used with care . They have been kept clean and dry in a dedicated waterproof Pelican case . Neither of my other binoculars , a Steiner Marine nor a Nikon WP respectively have suffered the same issue and they have been exposed to exactly the same environment . I would not expect any $ 500.00 precision instrument to suffer this issue with typical use as your product obviously has . Your lack of customer service and recognition of an obvious , common flaw in your product has lost you at least one loyal customer and perhaps a few more as I will not recommend your binoculars to any of my boating friends . Please return the binoculars without repair .
 i purchased the 10x30 is binoculars from amaZon 12/27/07 . followed instructions for setting them up and noticed a slight ghost image surrounding the main image , more pronounced when viewing light objects against dark ones , contacted canon and was told to send them in to their repair station in NJ at the cost of $ 13 for insurance and shiping . when they were returned the enclosed letter said that they met factory specs but would re-adjust and clean them . the problem STILL exist , the is feature works fine but there is still a ghost image around the main one . at the price for this pair i expected to at least have a sharp image . at $ 13 bucks a shot to send them back only to be told that they are OK seems like a waste of money so i am writing this review in hopes it will stop someone else from wasting their money . service was fast but DID NOT resolve the problem .
 Must always hold stabilization button when using the binoculars . This causes your hands to be tense , which increases your shaking . The stabilization button should have been a click on/off button . This becomes a major flaw if your looking at anything for more than a few minutes .
 Got these binoculars for my wife at Christmas this year so they are about 3 months old . We went on around 5 short hikes when the stitching binding the strap to the case came completely out of one side dropping the case to the ground . I emailed Canon expecting an apology and a new case . I got the apology , but it was with an explanation that the cases have NO warranty and I was out of luck . After spending over $ 300 on this product by a well-known company with a high reputation and owning it only 3 months , I expected better . The binoculars are nice , but what happens when the strap on your unwarranted case breaks , drops and breaks your binoculars , and you call Canon ? Very poor quality cases . Right now I can not use the binoculars because I have no case and have to figure something else out . So what good are great binoculars you can not use?Binoculars - 5 stars ; Case - 0 stars ; Canon - 1 star
 Very cool and enjoyed it alot . Bad
 I picked up this and was horribly disgusted with the quality of the items . The sweatshirts are incredibly thin , so do not expect to wear these anywhere its cold . Also , the t-shirts have a very large neck on them , which makes them look kinda silly in my opinion . For $ 20 or whatever I paid for them , I still feel ripped off .
 This ball is deffinately not 55cm . I use a 55cm ball at the gym and I like it very much . I thought I would get one for home use . When I reveived this , the ball was made out of horrible sticky plastic . The kind of plastic they make adult toys out of . Plus , it sat so low to the ground . You ca n't do any work outs on it at all . It is ok for leg work but nothing else . I am very disappointed and am returning it .
 I ca n't rate it zero stars . My father-in-law loves Invicta watches . I bought this watch based on the great reviews and his recommendation . Watch looks great but never keeps accurate time . I find myself every couple of days adjusting the time a couple of minutes back . It runs fast . I called Invicta and they want me to mail the watch to Florida and pay for the repairs . The company 's policy is horrible . I recommend buying a more well known brand . Good Luck
 After only 20 rounds of .22 LR in my backyard , I noticed the seam on the bottom leaking . Do n't waste your money .
 Very poor productMy son was using it with a .243 rifle and the bag tore to pieces after < 10 rounds!I threw it in the garbage can at the range .
 The size was perfect for a larger .22 and the stap system made it easy to put almost anywhere but the buckles are cheep plastic and broke instantly .
 Knew it was too good to be true ! Quality of the sweatshirt/t-shirt was poor . Very thin material with threads hanging off the sides . Returned it as soon as we opened it . Get what you pay for .
 Make sure to take care of them first time i used a rinsed them off and the next day there was rust all over the knives and scissors . SO you pay 20 for a one time use . I guess I should have soaked them in veggie oil after use and it would n't have rusted but I figure you get what you pay for .
 Be sure to look at the dimensions - this thing is waist high . A towel will hit the floor . It does n't look like that from the images . Also , it 's cheap wood and the parts do no screw in straight so it 's crooked .
 I ordered this item for a Xmas gift , however when we put the picture in with the matting it did not fit , the frame and glass were crooked so picture did not fit . However you could not see this in looking at the product only when you tried to fit the picture and matting together in the frame.Very disappointed in this item and would not order anything made by the Memory Company again . I have also contacted the Memory Company who makes this frame to see what their response will be .
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 I ordered a RCBS Trim Pro Manual Case Trimmer with a picture and a description of the item . When I finally got the item it was a RCBS Trim Manual Case Trimmer replacement cutter , which was n't anything like the picture and the description and it was certainly not what I wanted or ordered.Beware of the seller .
 I bought this for my son , after 2 months the seam ripped , so I contacted the company , and was told it was over 30 days so basically too bad . Would n't reccomend either product or company .
 My daughter loved the gift but her size 10 shoes do NOT come close to fitting inside these skates . DO NOT BELIEVE THE SIZE 6-12 RANGE , it does not go beyond a 9 shoe . -LRB- I tried some old sizes . -RRB-
 I ordered a women 's stretch overshoe in a medium -LRB- size 6.5-8 -RRB- but was sent a men 's medium . The bar code sticker that was put on the box was incorrect , which I 'm sure is why this mistake happened . However , because of this , I was afraid to try to order a different pair . Amazon sent me a pre-paid return label to that I could easily return the product .
 This product would be OK for someone who wears a narrow size shoe . The boot would not fit over my shoes that are of average width . I returned the product to Aubuchon and 2 weeks after they received it , I still did not have my account credited . I had to call them to get a refund !
 I purchased this to replace the spotlight that came with my boat . I was glad it fit the exact specifications of the original install . No problems installing . Just took some patience to cut and re-wire the new one on the old wires . It arrived earlier than expected and after an hour or so to install , -LRB- Carefully and slowly -RRB- it works great . Turns and tilts and has a good beam for docking at night . ** UPDATE ** After just a few weeks , we bumped the light on the bow while putting out the anchor and now it spins freely and wo n't pivot . I 'll contact the manufacture about a replacement part and update my review at that point .
 My horses love them but they last like 20 minutes maximum . That is not effective for the bottom line . Trying to make on my own .
 I purchased sunglasses which were suppose to be polarized , but they were n't . I sent them back to the seller who returned the money to my account . The seller tested them and agreed they were not polarized . I am waiting on the return postage money to be credited to my account .
 I thought the material was different than what it actually was . What it is is a polyester hat . And , extremely goofy looking.Not for me .
 I thought the material was different than what it actually was . What it is is a polyester hat . And , extremely goofy looking.Not for me .
 My horses love them but they last like 20 minutes maximum . That is not effective for the bottom line . Trying to make on my own .
 I thought the material was different than what it actually was . What it is is a polyester hat . And , extremely goofy looking.Not for me .
 I ordered Sweatsedo 's `` Baby Blue Crew Men 's Velour Sweatsuit '' based on the photo . What I got is a totally different style warmup suit that is not actually velour at all , but brushed cotton . I might add that the only resemblance between the one I got and the advertised photo , is the color . I will admit that the ad did say , ' 80 % cotton and 20 % polyester . ' However , the fact remains that it is still deceptive advertisement , `` Bait and Switch . '' I did n't feel like the hassle or the headache involved in trying to get it shipped back and maybe getting the same thing again , as I am disabled , which is why I 'm even ordering a warmup suit online in the first place . The only reason I give Sweatsedo a 1 star rating is because that was the lowest rating available . As far as I 'm concerned this purchase rates even lower than that . I will never shop with them again and I will tell all my newtwork of this experience , as well .
 How can we make an intellegent purchase on this site when they fail to give what the fabric is made of . This is primary information and should be included on ALL clothing listed on this site . This is not the first time TODAY I have seen this on Amazon.com
 I thought the material was different than what it actually was . What it is is a polyester hat . And , extremely goofy looking.Not for me .
 wondering anybody else has this problem?it goes faster than real time , exactly twice faster.it shows 2 min . but just 1 minute is passed in the real world !
 Got this at a great price , but this mat is very slippery . Supposedly once you start to perspire , you 'll gain some traction , but for me poses such as down-dog or any of the warrior poses , etc. were risky . I do Ashtanga , so I do usually work up a pretty good sweat . I even tried wetting it down before starting my practice , but I still never felt comfortable . I do fold it up and use it for poses such as supported shoulder-stand and plow and it looks quite nice as a meditation mat in front of my altar .
 I recently returned the Moab after using it one week . There is NOTHING more frustrating than having your feet slide out when trying to figure out poses -- especially the standing ones with legs spread apart -LRB- that just keep on speading since it is so slippery -RRB- . I got some relief by spraying the sections where my feet to with water , but the water would quickly dry just at the wrong time and I 'd have to break concentration to add more . Then I decided to soak it , which works but makes your place smell like stinking wet yoga mat and might not always be doable in a led session.I am a beginner to Ashtanga Yoga , but found this polished cotton mat the most dangerous of the five I have purchased recently looking for the golden mat that stay non-slippery both when soaked in sweat and when dry . I was so hopeful having heard so many good things about the ` mysore ' style of yoga mats . Personally , I believe people talk about how wonderful they are only because it is what Guruji recommends but I just ca n't believe he would ever endorse this dangerous junk . Save yourself the frustration and pain and look for another one , perhaps a different mysore cotton mat will be better than this particular brand .
 I 'm very disappointed with this product . I was looking for an alternative to my yoga towel because I sweat more than the average bear . I was excited about the Hugger Mugger Cotton Yoga Rug based on the description . It was marketed as the perfect product for those who sweat during their yoga practice . Yes , this sucks up sweat . However ; the product is extremely uncomfortable . It feels like an oudoor rug . I would n't even sit on it , let alone practice yoga on it . The rug is so rough that it actually chafes my palms , stomach , knees , tops of feet ; basically anything that comes into contact with it . Most yoga towels provide better traction once they become moist . With this yoga rug , it is slippery when dry , moist , and wet . I had big hopes for this rug and unfortunately was quite disappointed .
 I purchased this rug in sunshine , and I was very excited when it arrived because of the fabulous colored design . Unfortunately , once I opened the packaging , I was met with a musty smell . The rug honestly smelt like dirty dish towels . I tried to overcome the smell my airing the rug out on a clothes line for a few days . No airing time nor fabric spray could eliminate the odor . I went to one class on the rug , the smell was too strong I could n't concentrate . Also , the rug came with many cotton threads starting to unravel within the pattern . The rug left marks on my knees and hands from poses , overall I was not impressed .
 These rugs ca n't be used for yoga practice . I washed it , wet it prior to practice but I 'm still sliding on it , especially my hands in downdog . So in my opinion this is a waste of money . It 's really just a rug !
 `` You get what you pay for . '' Well , even for $ 25 , I expected a decent pump to WORK . When I first got it ... I was worried because it was so light and felt flimsy ... it was an iffy connection with the schrader valve every time , if the pump connection rotated a bit , it would completely come off when you pumped . So , I had to make sure I did n't move the head while pumping . BUT now , after about 50 uses , it does not stay on , no matter what . I needed just 75 psi , but it blows off around 60-65 psi , useless . I proceeded to shatter the pump on the concrete driveway and snap it in half , felt so good . Wasted my money , should have gone with a real pump , now I have to look for one . AVOID
 There are really only three things I would expect in a bike pump :1 -RRB- It has to have the proper valve2 -RRB- It has to have a gauge3 -RRB- It has to last.I will never figure out if it meets # 3 since without a gauge , this thing is useless . It is going back . Avoid this model .
 I love the idea and using it in the water with it strapped to my wrist while surfing was n't bad . but the camera case broke once and then i got it replaced and then it leaked water in . the pictures did n't turn out the the video did . bummer because i was really excited about the product ! still waiting for my refund .
 The Hero 3 is a very basic camera solution for outdoor , active photography.Pros : -- It is small and easy to carry -- the wrist strap worked well and left the camera securely on my armCons : -- as mentioned in another review , the quality of photos from the Hero 3 is extremely suspect ; any `` brightish '' background will reduce the foreground subject of your photo to an almost unrecognizable blob -- the lack of real-time feedback and the above mentioned picture quality issues leave you less than confident of what you will see when back in front of a computer or TVIf this was a $ 50 item I could imagine it would come across much better as a fun , `` I 'll take what I get '' novelty camera . At $ 150 it 's not a trustworthy enough device to be worth the investment .
 I have owned several underwater cameras , and the cons outweigh the pros.PROS
 Please , do not buy this camera . The Digital Hero , was my most foolish purchase in many years . If there is sun or bright light or glare , forget about it , if it is a gray day , well the photos are not much better . Frequently pressing the shutter release causes nothing to happen , despite patiently waiting for the LONG delay between pressing the button and taking the picture , when it does work . And then there are those mystery photos , where the horizon looks like a waterfall ! It is a fixed focus camera , so nothing ever seems quite in focus . Reds bleed , bright objects bleed , I have seen better photos come from a cell phone . The toyish gimmicky wrist mount is cumbersome and awkward . I am comfortable and accomplished with a camera , have won several awards for underwater photography , but this camera is USELESS ! I naively thought this would be a good way of taking snapshots in a kayak , I was wrong . A housing for my old Canon A10 , would have been better . The cheapo drugstore 35mm for $ 19.99 , that I used to take kayaking , did better . An Olympus 720 is not much more money , but FAR BETTER . Do n't think I am being too critical , this thing really is garbage . I bought 80 or so photos in to work , seeking the opinions of people , perhaps less discriminating , all agree the Hero is a ZERO!Update , on about the fourth attempt to use , the case broke , making it useless for underwater !
 Please , do not buy this camera . The Digital Hero , was my most foolish purchase in many years . If there is sun or bright light or glare , forget about it , if it is a gray day , well the photos are not much better . Frequently pressing the shutter release causes nothing to happen , despite patiently waiting for the LONG delay between pressing the button and taking the picture , when it does work . And then there are those mystery photos , where the horizon looks like a waterfall ! It is a fixed focus camera , so nothing ever seems quite in focus . Reds bleed , bright objects bleed , I have seen better photos come from a cell phone . The toyish gimmicky wrist mount is cumbersome and awkward . I am comfortable and accomplished with a camera , have won several awards for underwater photography , but this camera is USELESS ! I naively thought this would be a good way of taking snapshots in a kayak , I was wrong . A housing for my old Canon A10 , would have been better . The cheapo drugstore 35mm for $ 19.99 , I used to take kayaking , did better . An Olympus 720 is not much more money , but FAR BETTER . Do n't think I am being too critical , this thing really is garbage . I bought 80 or so photos in to work , seeking the opinions of people perhaps less discriminating , all agree the Hero is a ZERO !
 how could a reputable co. sell this crap ... do n't they have buyers who evaluate and care?I want my money back . I went to the local boating store and purchased fiberglas bows that work!rb clay
 Received as a gift , out of the box appeared ok.Attempted to use it and the on/off button was sticking and would not depress . Attempted to use for a couple of days , then the button would not depress at all . Sent back and chose a different product.Also noticed that it has no decent memory of last work out and if you accidentally press the button again , your previous information is erased .
 It worked great the first 3 times I used it . Then it started working sporadically . My heart rate would go up while I was walking I would begin jogging it would go down , start walking again and it would jump 29 beats in a nanosecond . Then it would not read my heart rate at all , so I took it to a jeweler to get new batteries and they checked the batteries and said they were full charged . It started working again -LRB- maybe because they took the battery out and it reset itself ? -RRB- and I wore it on the same walk I had used it previously and it seemed to be working steadily but was about 25 beats higher on AVG then just the week before.It is also very touchy when you are reading the info from your work out , if you press the button you can inadvertently erase all you info and start it over but I think that can be overcome by familiarity with using it . Sending it back , if it is that unrealiable in the first few weeks ca n't imagine it will improve over time . FYI - I did use the recommend gel .
 The watch and wrist strap worked right out of the box . The second time I wore it I began have issues of it not reading the heart rate . By the third time I wore it , I could n't even get a momentary reading . I replaced the battery on the chest strap ... still nothing . Junk as far as I 'm concerned .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift to a friend who had just taken up running . It worked twice -LRB- and she was pretty pumped about it -RRB- , and then died . The culprit ? The battery in the chest band was dead . The user can buy a battery for the band and replace it , but I know she spent a fair amount of time on the phone with Timex trying to get a new band or battery without having to spend money herself on this instantly faulty product . Timex was not helpful after the first hours on the phone . I do not know if Timex ultimately stood behind its product cause she has stopped talking to me about it . Beware .
 The main problem with this heart rate monitor is that it takes a long time to start , usually at least 10 minutes into a workout . I would not recommend it .
 This watch will work well for a while and then start giving you bad readings . Like 50bph in the middle of a spinning class , and the 145bph and the 25bph ... . I 've tried many things to get it to work properly , -LRB- changing position of the band , etc -RRB- but it works when it wants . I believe the problem is the band , not the watch itself ... Spend more money and get somrthing that actually works well for more than 1 week .
 The Time/Set button did n't work on this and finally broke off . Although others seem to have had better luck with this HRM , the one I got was a lemon . I 'm thinking it 's necessary to spend some more money .
 I bought this to replace a 10 year old Polar Heart Rate Monitor that finally kicked the bucket . I figured that this would work pretty much the same way . It did n't . I read the directions and tried it again . Still could n't get it to work . I bought a new battery for the strap . It still did n't work . I re-read the instructions , thinking that I had missed some important detail . It still would n't work.If you want a good Heart Rate Monitor buy some other brand . If you need just a watch this will do the trick for you , but you can find one cheaper than this .
 I was very excited about this product , it arrived in the mail today and I immediately began setting it up . I set the time/date , and after reading the instructions put on the chest strap -LRB- which is kind of , small by the way -RRB- and ... Nothing . I made sure the chest monitor was wet , still nothing . I made sure I was wet , still nothing . I got it as tight as could be , and sopping wet , still nothing . I tried a different battery , still nothing . I am returning to Amazon.com and hoping the replacement works .
 I ordered 2 of these heart rate monitors - one for myself and one as a gift . This is my first time using a heart rate monitor , so I got this one because of the ease of use . It really is simple to use ! The strap was comfortable and right away I was getting my BPM - how cool ! I used it to work out on my rowing machine and wore it to work at the restaurant and had no problems . I wore it to my regular job and found on my ride in it had lost connection with the strap . I turned on the monitor again and resituated the strap , thinking maybe it was n't reading correctly due to bad connectivity . Again , when I arrived at work it had quit reading . I know that it is not because of the position of the strap because I had no problems at all earlier today . I did a quick google search and apparently this is a common problem with this model of Timex heart rate monitor . I am cutting my losses now and returning it . My brother has n't had any problems with his yet , but he has only used it once . I told him I would get him a better one if he has the same problem.Pros : Simple to useStrap is comfortable - did n't have notice it . Wore it right under the bottom of my sports bra - perfect fit.Indiglo is handyCons : Quits reading without warning . I imagine this would be very frustrating while I was working out !
 This maybe a good little heart rate monitor but I 'm sending it back ASAP b/c I mistakenly thought it had the beeping feature to alert u while u were working out if u leave your preprogrammed heart rate zone . It does n't . I hope u do n't make the same mistake I did . So now it 's back to the drawing board 4 me I guess .
 WARNING THIS PRODUCT CLAIMS TO BE WATER PRROF BUT IT IS NOT i took a shower with this thing on after a workout and it had condensation inside the face of the watch and has n't worked sense BUYER BEWARE
 I 've been through many heart rate monitors since I started using them 10 years ago . I am a competitive triathlete and runner , but I use HR monitors chiefly for when I 'm indoors on machines rather than outside . Until now , I 've always used Polar , but the price of this watch made me want to give it a try . What a mistake . The signal is continuously interrupted during a workout or , what is more typical does n't show a reading at all . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I actually hate to write negative reviews , but this one is warranted . The belt and wrist monitor seemed to work great for about two weeks , then the heart rate indicated on the wrist monitor became nonsensical in relation to the activity , i.e. , I 'm rowing like a mad man for 25 minutes and I have a heart rate of 36 ??? I think I will get new batteries for both belt and monitor -- even though I 've had them for about 45 days -- and see if that solves the problem . I 'll follow up on this after I do that . I hate to get burned on purchases like this .
 Does not work in a WiFi laden environment . Could not link the monitor to the watch even outside . I am returning it .
 This was my 1st heart rate monitor that used for my cycle training . I wanted to start with something inexpensive so I can determine how effective these are for training . The item worked well for about 5 mos then it started to give false -LRB- low bpm -RRB- readings . I replaced the batteries , but it did not solve the problem . I just think its a very poor quality and hence the low price . The inability to download is also a negative on this product . My suggestions is to pay a little more and go with a more reputable brand in this category .
 The strap never synced with the watch . Going to the gym , the treadmill picked up on my heartbeat without a problem.Changed the batteries in both the watch and strap , thinking it was perhaps too weak to register on the watch . Still did n't work.Returned this one and Amazon is sending the replacement . Hopefully the next one works .
 I do n't know if some are just `` hinky '' but the one I got did not work well . It only picked up my heart rate if I pressed on it and shook it . The one my trainer has picks it up instantly so it 's not that my heart is n't beating . Just a iffy product .
 This product does not work . Tried numerous times by wetting the monitor strap with water , gels and sweat . A few time it would show a heart rate of 30 bpm .
 I bought this product in March , and it worked just fine . Now as of June the watch part seemed to work , but the band did n't appear to be sending a heart-rate signal to the watch . I replaced the battery but it still wo n't work .
 I had this HRM for about 2 months and it worked fine for during that time period . This is a low end HRM without a lot of features but it was all I really needed.Recently , it has started to quit working during some workouts . During some runs when my heart rate is high -LRB- above 175 -RRB- it just quits . Other days it seems to work fine . It is very annoying when it quits in the middle of a workout so you lose your time as well as the heart rate information . If it keeps acting up , I will probably return it to Timex . They charge a $ 7.00 postage and handling fee to return it .
 One of the reasons I purchased this product was that I read the battery was user replaceable . Chest strap battery is , monitor battery is n't . At least that 's what the manual says . Manual says that Timex strongly recommends having a jeweler replace the monitor battery to avoid permanent damage to the monitor . I had an Omron monitor previously and tossed it because I could n't replace the battery myself . I have n't actually opened up the Timex to confirm that the battery is user replaceable . Other than the battery issue , I actually prefer the Timex over the comparable Omron product . Nicer looking overall and display is easier to read . Timex chest strap is comparable to the Omron but a bit harder to unfasten and fasten due to the type of connector . No biggee . Recommend wetting backs of either with water prior to putting on . Both Timex and Omron chest straps work with my Sole treadmill and elliptical.Update 7 Jul 2010 -- Monitor stopped displaying heart rate today . Chest strap still works -LRB- comfirmed with treadmill receiver -RRB- . Replaced the battery but still not displaying heart rate . Recommend having a jeweler replace battery since it is held in place by incredibly small screws and requires excellent vision , tiny screwdriver/tweezers , and steady hand . Also discovered that the monitor battery and the strap battery are not the same type . Very disappointed in the product now . My old Omron lasted longer than this . Product is warranted for 1 year but Timex requires $ 8 for return shipment to you in addition to your initial cost to ship product to them . Would not recommend the Timex now .
 It was sent to me with a dying battery . The digital screen on the watch would fade in and out , the indigo did n't work , every button had to be pressed a hundred times to register that anything had happened on the watch face . Also , the chest strap did n't work . It gave me three readings - a resting rate of 200 + , a resting rate of 61 , and a resting rate of 90 . It took me about 20 tries to get even these inaccurate readings . It was suggested that I change the batteries in both of the NEW products I just recieved two days ago and only removed from packaging last night . So , for the $ 34.99 that the watch cost , plus around $ 15 to change the watch battery , plus $ 2.50 for a new chest strap battery ... That 's over $ 50.00 . If I wanted to spend over 50 , I would 've bought a monitor with more features ! And even if I buy the batteries and get everything changed , I 'll be out even more money if it still does n't work and I have to send it back . Not cool .
 out of the box it kept time and date -LRB- I have a watch for that -RRB- but when it came to heart rate monitor - DID NOT WORK . pretty disappointing . Returned immediately for something of better quality .
 Item is very clunky to use . The strap keeps slipping and it I put it any tighter , it would cut off circulation . It `` works '' , but i constantly have to adjust the strap and it interferes with my workout . Bad design ! Bad product !
 This thing worked perfectly for the first year . It 's the only heart rate monitor I 've ever had that would work while biking into a wind -LRB- I 'm sure those who have used heart rate monitors are familiar with this phenomenon -RRB- . Now , after several battery changes in the watch and the chest strap , the monitor is apparently not receiving the signal . The watch works fine as a watch , but not as a monitor.Also , you 're advised by Timex to send the watch back to the factory to have the battery replaced . So , you 'd better be prepared to be without a heart rate monitor for a couple of weeks in order to do this . What I did was replace the battery myself which entailed shorting out the battery within it 's cradle -LRB- no bid deal -RRB- . I 'd give it 5 stars if the thing was still working .
 My Timex Easy Trainer Heart Rate Monitor has never worked - save your money.This is not my first heart rate monitor and I have tried and tried to get the Timex to work . Read and reread the instructions , installed new battery in sensor , wet the sensor pads and have also used electrode gel on the pads . The watch keeps time but it does not pick up heart rate . Timex wants $ 8.00 if it 's returned ! I 've now learned it was a bad deal from the start .
 could not make the monitor work on a regulat basis , thought it would free me from using my wrist watch as a heart monitor , wrong , connot make the thing work , wasted 35.00
 The chest strap beeps on every heartbeat . True , it 's not very loud and you ca n't hear it when you got your headphones in or when you 're running outside , but you ca n't turn it OFF ! So if you are at the gym , you are now `` that beeping guy . '' This thing is embarrassing . I have n't decided if it 's worth trying to return , but the description should at least mention it .
 There is a problem that the activity timer sometimes malfunctions , especially if the time/set button is pressed during a workout to review the current time of day . Sometimes the readings of average heart rate and peak heart rate are also affected .
 This product comes with 2 instruction booklets ! This should give you a clue about how hard it is to use . I gave this to my daughter as a gift and came very close to returning it Christmas morning . She finally got it working after she soaked the sending device in water while it was strapped across her chest . This seems like a lot of trouble to me but she decided to try it a bit longer before sending it back .
 Oddly enough , when I ordered the monitor , I accidentally ordered two . I do n't know how it happened . When I did realize what had happened , I immediately returned one monitor unopened and intact . After straightening that administrative issue out , I opened the one that I had kept . I was never able to get it to work . The wrist sensor never gave an indication that it was receiving a signal from the chest strap . I called Timex for help . The service person tried , over and over , to have me reset the unit . I could n't find a reset function . I also tried every wetting technique I could think of , to assist the sending unit . Eventually the person realized that I did not have a digital unit . She recommended that I just return it to Amazon . That was not my desire , I thought Timex should have offered to solve the problem . I returned the unit to Amazon . Amazon handled it gracefully and quickly . I did not order another . I 'm exploring alternate brands . I had used Polar units for about 12 years and never had a problem . I wanted to be able to replace the batteries -- which I had never been able to do with Polar , and I presumed I could with the Timex unit . I 'm still looking . I may try an Omron unit next time . I 'm 71 years of age and I do n't like to exercise without having heart rate visibility.Timex T5G941 Heart Rate Monitor Watch
 This monitor worked great - occasional use for 6 months - then stopped sensing the pulse . New battery did not help . I am currently sending information to Timex support in hopes they will stand by their product .
 Hard to use strap and then monitor was wildly inaccurate . Had two previous Timex 's that lasted about 6 months each or less . Returned to Amazon for refund . Upgraded to a Pulsar for $ 99.00 and it works great . No use spending less on something that does n't work !
 I can agree with D. Baker above . Found the HRM to work inconsistently and above 175 to quit.Also poor recording of low end HR ; found the HRM to record 25 beats above my visual checking of the HRM status.RECOMMEND
 The only good thing is the large numeral display . Easy for me to read on the go . But the stop watch works only when the heart rate monitor is picking up a heart beat which is very unstable , inaccurate , and intermittent . no lap function , no memory , no seconds on watch or even on the stop watch over one hour . All data is erased when stop watch/hrm is started . I want my money back .
 I bought this monitor in May 2011 to replace another that I bought a few months earlier . The former had many features that I did n't use , but I liked the memory function that kept track of time , time in the zone , the high and low pulse rates and the average heart rate over the period . There is also a calorie counter , but if its calculations were accurate , I 'd be a sylph by now.The problem is the chest strap monitor
 I am not pleased with this product at all . You need to be soaking wet for the transmitter to work and then you still need to move it around on your chest to get a reading . If you were having sex in the shower it might work well ! I do not recommend this product !
 Just tried to use the product . It worked for 2 minutes and then nothing . Changed the battery , still no signal . I have owned the product for 30 minutes and I am now returning it.Moving on .
 D. Baker 's experience on April 1 , 2008 mirrors my own . After maintaining 115 to 120 heart rate on the treadmill it drops to 50 and then to 35 . I checked manually and that low count was wrong . Now it goes back for a refund I hope . I do n't have the original packaging unfortunately .
 Purchased 2 for my wife and I . After 2 uses , 1 of the monitoring straps stopped working all together.The one that does still work is fine , but makes a noticable , high pitched beep with each hearbeat , very annoying .
 I have tried two of these devices . The first one worked erratically for a short time then quit working altogether . I returned it and tried a second one . It failed to work at all and was returned . I have used a polar model in the past and it worked perfectly all of the time . It 's more expensive but at least it works .
 I was happy with this product for the first 6 months or so -LRB- within warranty period -RRB- . Then the chest strap stopped working . I changed the battery , but that did n't help and had to send to Timex for repair at a cost of $ 8 . About six months later the chest strap stopped working again , but now the unit was out of the warranty period . I e-mailed Timex twice explaining the reoccuring problem , but received a standard reply both times . It would now cost $ 25 to return for repair . It 's a reasonably-priced monitor , but if it does n't work for more than a year and a half and cost almost as much to repair as the original purchase price , it 's not worth it . I 'm mostly disappointed in Timex for their stock replies and lack of customer service . I will not purchase another Timex heart monitor and would advise others the same .
 After I had the product for a month , I thought it was great . Now I have had it 3 months and it no longer works properly . Gives very strange readings ; I can be working really hard and according to this my heart rate is going down into the 50 's . Right . Forget this ; try something else .
 The band takes quite a bit of adjusting on my body to get it to register . I also have to hold the watch close to the band to make it register . I wish it counted calories . If it does it is to hard to figure out.The one thing that I do like about this product is that it wirelessly links up with most of the cardio machines at the gym . I can not get an accurate reading on the machines when I hold the handles . This product links up with the machine and displays my heart rate constantly.I do not think it was worth the money .
 I only got to use it 2-3 times before the battery died . Until then , it was great , but now it is just taking up space on my shelf since I do n't have time to take it in to get repaired .
 Does not have that much use of this product , and not function well . I use it for swimming and for the gym and does n't match or keep up with my HR .
 DO NOT BUY THIS WATCH!I was pretty pumped to receive this in the mail yesterday afternoon . But that excitement turned into frustration fast . First the watch kept turning on and off , so I figured that the contact on the battery was loose . It must have spent me a hour just to replace the battery with its poor design . After that it still kept turning on and off and would n't even track my heart rate.The one good thing that this is good for is raising your heart rate in trying to get the watch to work . Do n't buy this crap .
 Would not recommend this product . When i took it out of the package it felt cheap in my hands.The on/off button only worked 1/4 of the time . Would have to press it over and over again to get it to work . The heart rate monitor never pick up my heart rate . Overall , just a cheaply made product .
 Bought this watch to replace a Timex monitor I had for about 3 years . I was very disappointed ... it would not keep track of my heart rate for more than about 3 minutes at a time , very frustrating .
 I did not read the product description which states -LRB- ambiguously -RRB- that the product is water resistant to 30m so can withstand splashes but is not for swimming.I just read the water resistant to 30m '' ... I was very satisfied with the product in spinning and running situations , but then went swimming.After 200m the watch just packed in . I have not been able to use it since.If you are n't planning on using it in water , buy it .
 1 . It worked well for a few months , but recently it started giving bad readings . When I start on a ride it gives good readings , but after 15 or 20 minutes they suddenly drop to implausible levels -- e.g. , 54 when I 'm climbing instead of a normal rate of ~ 135 . Sometimes it wakes up and reads sensibly but sometimes it stays in its weird mode for the rest of the ride . It 's no longer usable .2 . Although the monitor battery is easy to replace , I had to pay a watchmaker $ 25 to put a new battery in the watch -LRB- do n't even try to do it yourself -RRB- .
 I recieved the watch and found that I could not easily set the time nor activate the start / stop for heart monitoring . I did send it in for repairs and received it back in about a week . Works fine now . Just a pain to buy something only to have it sent in for repairs.Where is the quality assurance ?
 The Timex Heartrate Monitor does a good job . It is accurate and easy to use . However , the wrist band has something on it either a mold release or compound that caused my wrist to break out in a rather severe rash . The rash is bright red and has very itchy hive like skin break out that results in a pimple like rash . I have tried to clean the band with alcohol and this has not solved the problem . I now have to wrap my wrist in a bandage prior to using the monitor .
 Bought this in February and have been disappointed with it from the get go . Makes a great watch but not worth a nickel as monitor . I would not recommend it to anyone . Also , when the monitor is working it gives false readings . Mine shows between 30-50 most of the time . When my pulse is actually taken it 's usually around 60-65 at rest . At present it is on my left arm and showing 33 . On my right arm is a blood pressure monitor and it is showing a 65 hbr . So , even if you can get it to work you 're not guaranteed of the accuracy . What good is it then ?
 I receceived this product the first time and the watch did not come on there was no display at all . I called the Timex and they sentme another watch . This watch does have a display , but it will not let you set the time or set the heart monitor . So I still do not havea product that works
 This product was not what I wanted . It did not count calories and keep track of your heart rate all at the same time . It 's alright though , I got one that does so I am happy now . Thank you though .
 When looking at the description and picture on this item I did n't see that it came with a chest strap . I thought it would work with only the wrist monitor . I already have two other models that have chest strap that you have to moisten , put under your shirt so you can see your heart rate on the wrist monitor . The chest strat is uncomfortable and a hassel to put on.If I would have known I was buying the same thing I would not have ordered . They should put a picture of the strap with the wrist monitor so a person would know what they are buying . I am disappointed with Amazon . They are usually much better at showing what we are buying.Jim
 have not received anything from my order on 10/1/10 have tried to get help with no luck but i did get an email to review the product , and I think that is lame i will never use amozon again have never been happy with the site or service . Shop somewhere else .
 I have another monitor which has an easy-to-open chest strap . I am afraid to try harder to open Timex 's . So far I have n't succeeded and Timex ignores the problem in its instrctions -LRB- unless I missed it -RRB-
 Virtually useless as a stopwatch/timer or a heart rate monitor . Stop watch feature does not work independently of the heart rate monitor . If the unit does n't read your heart rate it turns itself off . So , you have neither your heart rate nor a measure of how long you have been working out . You `` wet '' the chest strap before you put it on . If you take too long to start exercising and sweating the chest strap will dry out and wo n't register your heart rate . If you wet the strap and start exercising immediately you have a chance that the unit will work properly . I tried to make it work . It 's just too hard . It should n't have to be so hard !
 This product is built for people who have elastic arms . It is almost impossible to get the chest encircling heart monitor on . Then you have to moisten it to get skin contact which is a source of discomfort . Finally , it is like trying to pull a neoprene scuba suit off over your head . What a stupid design . Also , it is extremely uncomfortable on and it chafed my skin . The watch monitor is bulky and difficult to set . It is also very difficult to figure out how to return the product . No shipping manifest was in the box . When I printed out my purchase the date did n't print either so it was very hard to figure out where to look for the returns information .
 I have used a few different monitors over the years , mostly Polar . I was just looking for a basic monitor and thought I would give this a try . Problem is that it does n't work . I even changed batteries on the transmitter in hoping that it was just a quality control problem . It 's been moistened , massaged and rebooted . It will work periodically but the watch registers about half the heart rate that the exercise equipment monitor will register . Pretty worthless .
 set it up as per instructions and it does not work . shows only one steady number -LRB- 110 -RRB- and does not work . tried several times with same result . very frustrating
 The clock part worked but the HRM would not show any connection with the sensor . After owning many Timex watches for well over twenty five years this one looked cheap and of very poor quality . The display is supposed to display a heart when you use the HRM , on the watch/hrm I received only the lower part of the heart was visible.To return the watch Amazon wanted me to take to the post office and pay the return postage , to be refunded . A waste of time .
 I bought this product from Dick 's Sporting Goods . It only lasted a few months before it started struggling to read my heart rate . Now it has stopped reading my heart rate altogether . I tried multiple new batteries but had no luck . I do not recommend this product .
 Chest strap makes audible beeping noise that ca n't be turned off . Very disappointed since the rest of the product seems very good for the price .
 This was $ 30 in Jan ' 09 . I bought it to track my HR during the P90X program . It worked great for a few months giving me the basic features I needed ; time , avg HR and Peak HR . I took a few months off of P90X and used it only a few times over the next few months . I recently started the P90X program again and a couple weeks into the program with daily use , the transmitter just stopped working . I replaced the battery , but still nothing . Fortunately I bought a 1 year warranty , so I was able to get a full refund . I will not buy this product or brand again . I hope this helps .
 Could not get this one to work . Tried to replace batteries , but it did n't do anything . I 'll be returning it to amazon , because it seems cheaper than dealing with timex 's warranty .
 I am preparing for a triathlon and when I bike -LRB- no matter what I do -RRB- starts underestimating the heart rate 30-40 bpm while I am mostly doing 135 + . It 's been more than a year . For running and other sports it works fine .
 Received the item , well packed , and shipped quickly , in perfect shape . Threw it on to test it immediately , worked fine . Took it off , and on the next trip to the gym , no HR readout would come up . Went to the gym frustrated , picked up some batteries on the way home since there 's no way to tell if the batteries in the transmitter are good or bad . Swapped the batteries in the monitor and the strap for good measure . Still no heartrate , so back to Amazon it goes and trying the Polar brand this time around .
 This item was purchased less than two months ago and it no longer works . I have changed the batteries but it just keeps searching for my heart rate and then goes back to the clock . I thought it was a good price , but unfortunately in this case , you get what you pay for . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money on an inferior product .
 I bought this to help with my cycling fitness rides by giving me the heart rate data I wanted easily . Namely the average heart rate for the session and the max heart rate I hit . The unit is a snap to use and the display is fine.Strap on the monitor , wet it a little with some water and off I went . The watch paired with the sensor almost immediately.It worked well for nearly two months.Unfortunately like so many others here the unit has stopped working properly . I get a HR for the first few minutes , after a very long pairing time and then the rate just keeps on dropping during the session . Very disappointing.I am doing nothing different . I tried changing the battery to the sensor but same result.Not sure what my next move is but I can not recommend this unit base on this two month trial .
 Just got it in the mail and wanted to try it out . Watch seems great and was really easy to set up . No problems with that . It 's the chest strap that could use improvements . You have to pull it over your head and down to your chest , which makes it pretty difficult to get on and off . As a female , this really is a pain !
 Received this watch promptly , as I have come to expect from Amazon . I was very excited to finally use this set , unfortunately , the heart rate monitor would not even turn on . I was able to set the time and date without issue , but after multiple attempts to get the HR working I gave up . Am returning this to Amazon . I can not rate how accurate nor well this worked so my rating is simply on `` right out of the box ''
 With plenty of patience and computer savvy , I am amzed at how hard it is to use this device . For the first two times , the `` info '' display would come up -LRB- that is when it is searching to give you a heart rate , the littel heart in the display starts cbeatingat your rate -RRB- , and only once did the heart rate stay on the screen . Since then , I can not get `` info '' to come up , and it only gives me the low heart rate . I have restarted it , sat down with it and tried to figure it out with the directions and without , using different button combinations , you name it , and all to no avail . I can hold my fingers to my throat and get my heart rate easier than using this device .
 I just got this gizmo a couple of days ago and it does n't work . Oh , it 'll keep time but it 's not going to tell you how fast your heart is pumping . I 've tried getting the sensor wet until if I wanted it to be wetter , I 'd have to get in the shower . Once it did work but I had to have the receiver touching the chest sensor . Not really what I 'm looking for while excersizing.Save your money and spend it on something else that possibly works .
 The battery would n't stay put and I had to keep interrupting my workout to fix it . Basically , it was broken before I even got to use it consistently .
 I purchased the Timex to continually monitor my heart rate during exercise . I chose the Timex based on its reasonable price and Timex 's reputation for reliability . The monitor only works intermittently and when it does work the a reading it is not reliable . I consider it a wast of money and would not recommend it .
 I purchased this HRM Nov 2010 , but had knee surgery , and did n't have a chance to use it until now . I went to a cycling class today , and it does n't work . My heart rate said 45 when I was at my peak , and kept dropping or then would spike up . I had no idea what my hear rate was . I looked to return it , but due to their return policy , it 's too late to return it . I 'm very dissapointed with this product , and the fact that I ca n't return it . Do n't waste your money !
 I have not been able to get the heart monitor to work properly , despite a replacement sent to me by Timex . I suspect the battery is not current and will now replace that myself at an additional cost to me . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The watch was nice and fuctional but I wanted a strapless version which I found in the Bowflex watch ... The discription should have noted in bold print that you must use a chest strap for this watch to function . I returned it as soon as it arrived and I saw I needed to take off my shirt to use it ...
 I was extremely disappointed in this product . It did not work until I was completely warmed up -LRB- about 10 minutes into my workout -RRB- even though I wet the belt as recommended . Thus I could not achieve an accurate reading on my total workout . The minute I stepped outside the watch stopped recording my heart rate altogether , even though I could clearly hear the waist belt beeping to the rhythm of my heart ! This alone rendered the monitor pretty useless as I am predominantly an outdoor runner.I would not recommend purchasing this product , even though it is on the cheaper side . Save up to buy a more expensive model . It will be worth it ! Not to mention I returned this product a few weeks ago and have still not received a refund . So not worth the hassle .
 Mine was delivered yesterday . Out of the box today . Set the time and date on the watch . Wet the pads . Wet the pads . Wet the pads . Wet me and the pads . Wet me and the pads again and again . Pressing the On/Off button brings up the display `` HOLD FOR INFO . '' Then it shows 4.05 activity , then 71 avg bpm , then 121 peak bpm , but the '' - - - '' symbol never displays . The heart symbol never displays . It never pairs with the strap sensor.I removed the strap 's battery and checked it on my DC voltmeter . It has a full charge . Replaced it into the strap . Tried all again and again and again.Not enough time left today to send it back to Amazon . UPS closed already . It 'll go back on Wednesday .
 I have had this watch for a little over a year and has been satisfactory . The readings were sometimes all over the place so I replaced the battery on the strap at least twice during that time . Here lately the chest strap and watch have not been syncing so I replaced the watch battery even though it still had bright appearance . Still not syncing . Expected it to last a little longer than it did . Looking at Polar now to see if longer lasting .
 This monitor is a complete piece of junk . I 've used other monitors and this is so inferior , I am amazed that it is even on the market . - you have to apply ' moisture ' to get the sensor pads working . And even if you moisten it and get it working , if it has a couple of minutes to dry off , you have to re-moisten it . - the fastener hardly works . You have to wrestle with it for it to stay on.Truly a pathetic product . Stay away .
 I received a heart rate system that did not function . The wrist watch unit did not receive a signal from the chest band sensor when the plastic pads on either side of the sensor were `` prepared '' by the application of water according to the sketchy written instructions and particularly by noting the `` splash '' method shown in the instructional videos on the product web site . The watch did function in other respects
 I have had to replace the batter three times since March 2012 . It is December 2012 . It just does n't ' work well . I found this out today when I almost passed out and noticed it was n't keeping me heart rate at all .
 Everything about this stove is amazing - small size , foldable , light weight , easy to use ... EXCEPT ... I 've purchased and returned two of them because the ignition has n't worked on either . If you do n't mind carrying around a lighter , it 's all well and good , but if I 'm paying for a feature , I 'd like for it to work.I called Brunton -LRB- 7/28/10 -RRB- , and they stated that they have been having trouble with these and are redesigning , with the new version out in a month . So maybe do n't write the Raptor off entirely , but hold off on purchasing it until they get the design improved a bit .
 piezo ignitior snapped off after second use . mirco regulator is weak and does n't control flame very well . purchased with brunton stove stand-off -LSB- ... -RSB- which also broke after about 6th use ; hose snapped off at base .
 We have 5 of these stoves amoung the group I camp with . 3 of them were purchased in early 2009 . The other two in early 2010 . The base of these older stoves had a base to canister connection that was one piece with machined threads and an external gasket as well as an internal gasket . The older version also came with a hard shell velcro case . The hard case is the reason I first went with this product over similar products . We never had any problem with the older design . The newer design comes in a nylon `` stuff sack '' kind of case and the base connection has been changed to a two piece design . The new base is smaller with only the internal gasket and a brass threaded sleeve that has been pressed into the body of the stove . Both of the newer stoves failed in the field . I sent them back and they were promptly replaced with two identical stoves . These two new stoves also failed . I believe the problem is that it has to be screwed on `` just right '' to the canister . If it is too loose , no gas . If it is too tight , the sleeve slips . If the sleeve slips , it is inoperable . The internal gasket appears to move too much , making it hard to find this sweet spot . It is not so much of a problem to find the sweet spot if you are indoors or camping in ideal situations , but when it is below freezing and the gas from the canister does n't want to flow correctly anyway , the window for the sweet spot is hard to find . The instructions clearly say not to overtighten , but the with the older one piece design , there was no issue with the sleeve slipping , because there was no sleeve . The newer version is perhaps a little lighter - not enough to notice , but the older design has never failed us and we are still using today . Meanwhile , the newer version has been sent back again , only to find out it is back ordered and will not be replaced for almost 4 months . I give the old design with the old velcro case 5 stars .
 Took it out of the the packaging and screw it on the fuel canister to hand tight , turned it on and no gas came out . Then I remember seeing other people 's review that this stove needs to be tighten it a little more than usual . I tighten it more then the whole thread ring popped out . Very disappointed with this stove , which is too bad because I really liked this design and it was light and compact . Would probably not buy this stove again , I did however get their IB cookset which I liked . Just wish their stove had better construction . I 'm returning this stove .
 I purchased this stove for a backpacking trip in the high Sierras . I worked beautifully the first time I used , it , but after 3 short days and limited use , the piezo lighter no longer worked . It 's a very small , very nice design , heats water up very fast , but in my experience , not reliable . Amazon made it extremely easy to return it , and credited my account in a short time .
 The stove itself is good . The piezo igniter has n't worked yet . Maybe needs some sort of adjustment . Performance of the stove though is quite good , but I have little faith in the igniter.Update : Mine had the same issue and it had nothing to do with fuel . With the piezo you can see the spark jump and on mine it works 1 out of 20 times even after some bending adjustments . The other issue is the stove seems to lose pressure when running for a couple of minutes . This is even on a new cannister of fuel . To be fair I am using MSR canisters but I am not sure why that would make a difference . So If I had to make the purchase again I would go with the MSR equivalent that does n't have the igniter .
 Amazon has several listings for the Brunton Raptor camping stove . The product description for the one from Apex Supplier says
 The Stove comes with no canister !!! Take into consideration when buying it . you 're just paying more than 30 $ for a small piece of metal ... . This is called cheating ! i expected canister with fuel at least . The description does n't say -LRB- for the time i 'm submitting the review -RRB- that the product comes without canister . im disappointed as far as i am going camping/backpacking in a week and i really needed and counted on that f**king stove :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 i am airborne ranger infantry soldier , i bought this for my survival kit expecting same military standard as issue item for aviator 's survival vest . not what i was expecting , over priced for an item that i could have bought cheaper with better features.MAJOR.ALLEN AIRBORNE RANGER INFANTRY 101st Airborne -LRB- Air Assault -RRB-
 I like the design and the compact size but it puts out a very poor quality light . The light pattern of bright bands of light with dark areas in between the bands is very disturbing . This could be easily corrected with a white frosted mantle . I tested this with a piece of white translucent shopping bag and it was a big improvement . With the lens cover , it gave a nice even light and it actually looked brighter . I wrote the company but they wer n't interested in making any changes to the product . That 's too bad because it really improves the product .
 This light is pretty much usless as a lantern or torch . It produces far less useful light than expected . It puts more light in my eyes than on the objects I 'm trying to see.If you need a lantern or flashlight , keep looking .
 This light is an absolute waste of money . It should be listed as a kids novelty item . Light production is ridiculus and convenience of design is a joke . I would not reccommend this light to anyone .
 I recently got one of this thinking that would be a great lantern in a compact size , especially for my tent . Considering my previous experiences with some others Brunton products , including a propane/butane lantern I thought this was the solution to have a decent and a free-burn light inside my tent . Considering it is a led lantern I did n't expected a very bright light , but anticipated something nice . Quite disappointing when turned on ; now I understand why it lasts up to 250 hours -LRB- because a very poor quality light -RRB- .
 I was surprised by what I got . This Flashlight is NOT BRIGHT at all . Especially when used as a lantern . I could hardly see the other side of my living room .
 I bought two of these . One did n't work at all and I bought it because it stated it had an extra loud sound . You can hardly hear it . I would rate this product poor . I have to spend money to return the one and am not happy with the other .
 The LED light on this lighter broke within minutes of opening it . It worked twice and after I took it off to fill the lighter with butane it has not worked since . I did not drop or mishandle it at all . It 's under warranty but I do n't even know if it 's worth sending the whole thing back to Brunton for a replacement.The lighter part seems to work fine.Update
 Received the lighter and first found out that it had not fuel . So I could n't test it . Rats . I did test the LED . I 've had several LED lights before and have been pleased with them all . The problem with this lighter and it 's LED is the on/off mechanism . You screw in the bottom -LRB- where you remove bottom to expose filler valve -RRB- tighter and it shuts off . Perhaps mine is defective but the bottom does not allow you to screw it all the way in . Thus , Brunton Lighter , out of the box , had a perpetually loose bottom/end cap and consequently the LED light was seemingly always on . For spending this much on a lighter that is okay and an LED that is marginal at best -LRB- no multi-features -LRB- focus , blinking , SOS , or dim feature -LRB- to extend battery life -RRB- -RRB- I hope that Brunton can improve this wonderful idea that is unfortunately poorly executed . I am going to have to send mine back to see if it was defective.This is my second Brunton product . I purchased a nice compass from them years ago and am still satisfied with the product .
 I should have believed the review about the poor design on the on off for the flash light . Mine did not work well either . In fact batteries were dead when lighter arrived . Could not find size of battery that lighter required . Light kept falling off anyway . Lighter itself would seldom light . All in all a great disappointment from a brand that I had some respect for . Lighter was returned . : -LRB-
 Not too happy at all with this purchase . I bought it as a Christmas present for my husband . He has already had to send it back once because it quit working . They sent him a new one but now that one is about ready to die . Not a good idea to purchase this .
 Lighter looked well made but ignitor failed after only 2 weeks . Returned for refund . Save your money ... JUNK !!!
 Product received was 9ft and 14ft length cord , yes 25ft total , the listing made no mention that the cord would be divided . I expected a continuous piece from which I could divide to suit my needs . This seems to be a running theme in this company 's business practice . Amazon are you listening ?
 This is a very pretty and soft hammock , but because does n't have any crossbars to keep it open , it encloses around you when you lie down in it .
 I bought this clipboard because I need to keep track of the time while I am with clients . However , if I sit in a chair that is not directly in front of a window or under a light , then the clock stops working . The clock also stops working if I accidentally put a sheet of paper on top of the solar power cell . When I take the paper off of the power cell or move back under a light , then the clock starts working again , but it picks up where it left off - e.g. , if I had a paper on the power cell for 10 minutes , the clock falls behind 10 minutes . This clock created a lot of problems for me on my first day of using the clipboard . If you only need this clipboard for the calculator , it may be fine , but if you need a clock , DO NOT BUY IT .
 It looks great in the picture , but the product itself is absolutely in need of revision . The Calculator and stopwatch function works seasonally , or when it 's in mood . The clipper so loose and weak that paper just slips out . And the board has no rigidity . I think it 's made in china and this one must 've missed the quality checklist !!
 This clipboard is of very poor quality . When it arrived , the panel that absorbs light was loose and I had to manually put it back in place . Everything else is wobbly and the clip somethings fails to secure a sheet in place . Worst of all , the calculator function does not work . Something it does , but barely . You can only see the numbers for the calculator if you tilt the clipboard but even then it only shows fragments of each number . This product is definately not worth $ 15 . You can get a better calculator and clipboard at a local dollar store . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 I should return this thing but it kinda works to hold paper . Key word , kinda . It came with no instructions and i cant for the life of me figure out how to set the clock on it . The calculator works but cant get the stop watch to come up . All the days of the week are lit up but the `` sun '' and `` fri '' icons are flashing . The screen is hard to read . The ruler on the side is really all that this thing is good for .
 What a disappointment ! The idea is great but the execution is awful . The clip is so weak it does n't hold any paper whatsoever . The clock does not hold correct time . To charge $ 20 for this piece of junk is a joke -LRB- on the buyer ! -RRB-
 Not really impressed with this clipboard , thin cheap plastic , but then I got what I paid for . The stop watch and calculator is small and not intuitive to use .
 it is a very nice clip board but it is to thin , other than that not bad for the price .
 It never worked as advertised and total quit working after about two months . Do n't buy , you 've been warned .
 I thought this unit was kind of cheap . Not what I was expecting . I was looking for something cool , like in the movies and this was definetly not it .
 Review : Unit had a very large defect in the field of view . It 's not one of the usual spots from the intensifier tube ; those I am aware of as I have other night vision devices . This goes about 1/4 of the way across , near the center . Had to return it . Poor quality control.Update - the new one does not have any image defects . It also does n't focus as sharply as the first one did -LRB- or my other one does -RRB- , but it is n't too bad .
 I took good care of it . Never dropped . Broke after only a couple months . Total usage - maybe 20 times . Unbelievable . Other than that it was pretty good .
 The bulbs I purchased were fine but the Amazon packaging was not which meant that half of the product was broken by the time it arrived . Rather than being carefully packaged the bulbs were simply placed in a folded up piece of cardboard with no fragile sticker or anything to indicate that it was glass inside . Not impressed .
 Online Sports advertised an authentic Texas Tech NCAA full size helmet . It was priced better than other sites that I had searched , so I bought it . They sent me a replica helmet . When I brought this mistake to their attention , they admitted that they had made a mistake on their advertisement but refused to send me what I ordered . Instead they offered a 10 % discount on the authentic helmet . The principle of getting what was advertised and paid for does n't have any meaning for Online Sports and I will never order from them again ! If the retailer makes a mistake , they should own up to it and honor the original agreement . It just makes for good business !
 This badminton set is very poor quality . The tape on the racket grips was sloppily applied and coming loose when we received our set . One of the rackets was bent and broke when my husband put the slightest pressure on it to see if he could straighten it . The shuttlecocks were crumpled and would n't fly straight . We did n't even unwrap the rest of the pieces .
 These breeches are very large about 2 sizes larger than the size stated so if you 're ordering them keep that in mind , the brown is not a pretty brown and the waist is very high . Even though they are fleece , they are much blukier than other fleece breeces I have tried , so basically I sent them back and would n't reccomend them . I usually like tuff rider breeches and can order them online without trying them on , so I was pretty disapointed in this product .
 1 . I first tried these electronic topo maps when they first came on the market years ago ; actually when the current NatGeo maps were owned via the `` Topo '' company . I was very disappointed in that product and thus did n't utilize any cpu based mapping application for many years . But with the nice slick advertising of the current NatGeo maps , I decided to check out this product .2 . Bottomline , cpu based topo products still stink . The maps are not detailed enough , it 's still moderately slow -LRB- but not bad -RRB- , and the bottomline is , for a place like the bay area -LRB- ie basically urban territory -RRB- , you 're better off just getting a decent hiking book or paper topo maps ; you 'll actually have more helpful information that way . Perhaps in the next generation of electronic topo maps things will change , but forget this product .
 Very low quality for a Thompson Center product :1 . Very poor fit considering the rifle has very close tolerances . 1/4 '' gaps between forend and frame .2 . Plastic swivel stud is easily broken . Will not withstand a small bipod.I would not recommend this forend if you are concerned about either of the two items above .
 This is perhaps the worst designed `` spill-proof , childproof , whatever-proof '' spout I have ever encountered . It is non-durable and comes with no instructions as to use at retail purchase -- only the sticker on the side of the container says `` For more detailed instructions , go to our website '' . I should have been alarmed at that point but I needed a can and this was the only brand this store carried . Location on the website also not readily apparent but after several wrong paths , I found it . Incredulous at what I saw , I returned to the yard to see if their instructions worked . They did . Although after six uses the locking spring is now stretched beyond working -LRB- so the `` childproof '' part does n't work -RRB- . Now if I can only break the adult proof part I can go back to the retail world to find a gas can that the manufacturer does n't feel compelled to protect me and everyone else from anything.Will never buy this brand again . Should have paid attention to the reviews here . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Midwest Can Company 1 + Gal Red Poly Gas Can 1200 Poly Gas CansI tried the instructions on the front of the can . Pull this , push that ... They are so confusing . . so I decided to hit their website for help . No place to enter a question . FAQ did n't help a bit . I 've just lost it with this can . The salesman showed me how and after 3 weeks , I ca n't remember poop . What would I want to know before I bought the damn can ? Just wanted a can for gas for my mower . Ridiculous with the spout I ca n't get off or open . Again , just wanted a can for gas . That 's all . I would 've been happier if I had shopped somewhere . Okay , okay ... My nephew took the nozzle off . Now ... Does this mean anyone over 65 will need someone under 50 to work it ? Lastly , I have a question . Does anyone out there know how it 's done and would email me how it 's done . Thank you very much .
 Like the other reviews on the spill proof spout , this new technology is terribly complicated to use and is not very durable , easily broken . Much spillage of course while figuring out how to get the gas out . Would NEVER buy this product ever again , nor do business with this company .
 ok ... i usually dont speak this way , but this knife is pure crap . it dont take an edge very well , even with a 12000 grit japanese water stone , and what edge it * does * take is so soft that a feather shaft will blunt it ... after a couple cuts ! blunt it enough that you can see it as a shiny spot if you tilt the blade in the light . if you want even a * moderately * good knife . DONT BUY THIS !
 Skateboard was in poor condition . Bottom sticker covering the entire board was coming up from the edges . My son was very unhappy . I should have paid the extra money and gotten it at Walmart . Worst part is I was asked by Amazon how I liked my purchase and I explained how we received the board and I never heard anything back . Oh well - live and learn .
 Skateboards are funny things . For some , they are athletic tools and for others they are toys . But for all , they need to have a basic functionality . I was a little disappointed that the Hot Wheels Green Ride Skateboard purchased from Amazon was not really ready to ride when it was received . Now since I sent it to Boise , ID and I live in Sioux Falls , SD , I could never have discovered the skateboards dysfunction , if it were n't for the serendipitous family reunion that occurred 3 weeks after the recipient 's birthday . I discovered that the skateboard had not been ridden , because it could n't be ridden . It had 2 wheels that were stuck because of overtightened bolts . One of the Trucks was tightened so tightly that it was unresponsive to turning attempts when this 260 lb former skateboarder attempted to ascertain the lack of use . The other truck was fine , but a skateboard requires 2 trucks to make a good turn . I fixed the board and was finally able to introduce my nephew to a sport that I used to love , but this would n't have happen without an uncle 's housecall . From the store , this skateboard would have been left in the corner of a garage , providing no value for the investment .
 With the purchase price , I did n't expect to get a super-high quality knife , but with the Schrade name , I expected something better than cheap , imported junk . This knife , however , is junk . It just screams CHEAP.The imitation stag handle is cheap painted plastic that does n't even attempt to look real . It 's like a cartoon version of what stag should look like . The steel is also obviously cheap Chinese steel . I think the original version of this knife several years ago was much higher quality.Like I said in the title , these are the type of knives you see laying out at a swap meet or a truck stop . You can get a much higher quality knife like this for not much more money . You can get an American-made Buck fixed-blade hunting knife for about $ 10 more that 's worlds ahead of this in quality.This was n't the screaming bargain I thought it was going to be .
 I usually do n't buy inexpensive knives , but I fell for the Schrade name because they used to make quality knives . This is a Chinese made piece of garbage that looks like something you would by for $ 5 at a shady carnival vendor 's tent . The grip is made of hollow plastic and it is held together by a screw , not rivets and the fit and finish is extremely poor . There is not much of a tang extending into the grip as far as I can tell , so I ca n't imagine that it could take much abuse . The leather sheath is thin and cheaply made . The blade is heavy , but I ca n't speak for the quality of the steel or how well it holds an edge since I have thrown this in the back of the closet to put in the garage sale bin . Do yourself a favor and save up a few extra dollars and buy yourself a well made knife from someone like Boker or CRKT .
 When I received this knife the handle was lose at the top brass trim piece and the knife was so dull you could not butter toast with this extremely bad example of a knife and the scabbard is starting to fall apart , if this unit has a warranty I am not a happy customer!This cheap piece of garbage is not even worth sending in for warranty service it would just be another waste of shipping and repair fees and guess what Schrade YOU STILL SUUUUCK A HUGE UNIT !!! I should not have to put up with this kind of shoddy workmanship ! I need to switch to a well made brand of knifes and Schrade is not it , what a waste of time and money Schrade can bite me all day every day you WEASELS !!!
 The handle of this knife is a big disappointment . It 's big - takes a big hand to hold ity and it looks cheap .
 I have a MPL , a gift from Ameritrade , and it worked like a champ all the way until its first refill . I used some Ronson Mult-Fill butane , available at Wal-Mart , to fill it up . It sends a flame like a blow torch , unfazed by the flame setting knob . In just a couple/few uses , it is out again . It is as though something is stuck or jammed fully open . When I checked the web site for warranty instructions , they will fix it but want you to send them a $ 5 check for shipping , plus pay the shipping and insurance to get it to them . That is at least another ten dollars invested in an item that costs about $ 25 new , right ? If it is working , I give it 5 stars . However , this sinks it to 2 stars for me .
 I was looking for more cold weather running gear . I read other reviews on this pant and took a chance . I never got to try them on because they sent me the wrong size . Then when I called to return them they had switched companies . So , I had to return the pants and then reorder from the other company . Not worth the hassle for pants I did n't even like looking at . They were super thin material . Buyer beware ...
 The stitching was defective and left a small area unseamed . Decided to keep them because they are out of stock and for the amount I paid , they are n't bad after a bit of patching up . They do come up to my belly button -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 &#34; -RRB- , so the woman modeling them in the picture must be much taller . They also get quite baggy after wearing but return to shape after washing . They do run big but not as bad as most other brands I have tried . I have an x-small , and I weigh 110 lb .
 Poor product , the laser is extremely weak , not worth the effort.It works withing 2 ft of the hole and in dark conditions . Not what I was expecting .
 Dont but it . It is a waste of money ... . The laser does not project on to the ground , so it is useless on an outside putting green becuase you would never be able to see the laser .
 This is a complete piece of crap , , it doesnt fit on any of my putters , , cant work on a left hand putter and you cant see the laser lite in daylite
 Received the Item loose in the shipping package with no paperwork and no instructions to use the item . The Item was not boxed and it had some sticky substance on it like a price sticky had been removed . The item does not work . I would recommend that you never buy from New Harbor ! They also never sent an email notice when it shipped . I 've sent them an email - I will see how they respond.The Item is `` Golf Putter Red Laser Pinter `` Contacted vendor and they had me send them a picture of the item . After that , they asked me to return the item . I do n't have confidence that it will work anyway so I asked them to just send the instructions and packaging and the correct batteries.I bet they wo n't do anything except ask me to take the time to return the item.You never want to order from this company !
 It would not fit the putter . If it would have fit , you had to take the entire product appart to get it off . When I sent it back they refused to accept it . Now I have the package at ups which I have to drive down and pick up . This is a problem you need to correct or you will not have my bussiness.William E. Freeman
 Very cute board that your daughter will love but it 's not built to last . It cracked right down the middle -LRB- luckily at the end of the summer -RRB- in the exact same spot as a friend 's board . Coincidence ? Or bad design ? Spend the extra money and buy a real Boogie Board that will last through the years .
 While practicing with my driver , I hit a ball in the center of the net but the net gave way and the ball kept going . The ball went over my fence , across the street , and hit my neighbor 's roof . Luckily , I did not hit anyone . I only had the net for a few weeks and did not expect the net to break so easily .
 This is a piece of junk . I 'm surprised at Golf Digest for putting their name on this . Do n't bother with it . Directions are as bad as they can be and the thing ca n't stand up on it 's own . Trust me - steer clear of this .
 We were so excited to buy this net ... it seemed like we would have a bigger target to hit . I used to hit over our other , cheaper one . After a week , we discovered that we were hitting right through it ! We now have three holes in it ! We can not seem to find a phone number or web site to contact the company . We do n't live near a Target to return it . It is a piece of junk ! I guess that we will have to keep duct taping the holes .
 This stuff is crap , it damages your map and even high quality maps wrinkle from using it . It lifts the ink right off the map and smears it around as you spread the product on it .
 Leather wallet appeared to be regular type wallet but was a trifold . Has a nice pewter team logo but was not the style pictured . Bought this one and the embroidered one so my husband could decide which one he liked . However this was not the right style and the embroidered one looked cheap . Tried to return this item , bought it 11/27/09 shopping early for xmas . It was given as a gift on 12/25 and it was determined it needed to be returned along with the other wallet -LRB- both from Amazon -RRB- I was advised I was past the 30 days return policy . Thought there might be some extension to that at the holidays when gift giving but there was n't . No credit offered toward anything else either . Do n't buy this item or shop early at Amazon for xmas if you 're not positive you will be happy with your item . I am now stuck with two wallets that are not liked and will not be used .
 These hats are awful , which matches their customer service.I returned the items I bought , and they refuse to process the refund .
 But its also rock hard . If I tossed this up and missed it , I think it would crack my skull or worse . I got it 2 weeks ago and it was a little cold out , so I thought maybe thats why it was so hard . But its still that way 2 weeks later after being inside where its been warm . I think maybe its over inflated but I havent figured out yet how to let some air out , if thats the problem . I 've used an 8lb ball from a different manufacturer and it bounces 3 feet or more when it hits the ground . The 10lb one lands with a dull thud and has absolutely no bounce . Have been to scared to use it .
 How can you make a choice on clothing if there is no picture and no desciption or indication of what size the `` large '' is ?
 Who would know if they wanted these since so little information is provided ? You do n't even know if they 're intended for men or women . C'mon , Amazon ! Do a decent job of describing what you 're listing . This is n't the first time I 've been left wondering what has just been offered as a Gold Box item .
 Order arrived in timely fashion . When I opened box , the # 6 iron was missing . I emailed Amazon immediately and , 24 hours later , have not had the courtesy of a reply . What good is email if the company is going to ignore it ?
 !!! DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM !!! The board that was advertised was a picture of a woman wrapped in a rattle snake with a red sun in the background . This is what I thought I was getting . It is not what I received . Instead I got a skateboard with some childish `` Dukes of Hazard '' picture on it . It is my opinion that the board I wanted was not in stock and they sent me whatever was laying around . In amazon 's defense , their customer service was very good . I was not charged to ship it back and received my full refund promptly .
 Shows price which should be for dozen , but charge that for 1 ball . Returned it am waiting over 3 weeks for refund
 ordered brand new , but received the used helmet.attached pics for proof.color of helmet is in black and also its matte .
 So I 'm sure this helmet will protect me from scrambling my brains on the road . That 's a very important feature , duh . But as far as looks ... mushroom head .
 I wish I could review this item a -50 stars . . This product sucks . It broke on my 50th shot , the whisker bisquit itself kept falling off . I 'm plain out pissed at this horrible product . Do n't recommend it to any one . Words ca n't explain my anger
 Beware !! This coin is looks good on the one side , but have you ever seen the other side ? There is a good reason you only see the one side and that reason helps the seller , but deceives the buyer . Side 2 is horrible looking , I thought when I bought this product that the other side was going to look like the front , but it does n't . Since my bad purchase I have found better card guards out there that have both sides finished and are much higher quality . Just do your shopping and you will be glad you did . There are some other websites that I have bought from that have a much superior product and better prices .
 I do n't know if these balls were once made with leather , but now they are garbage ! Do not buy these `` PREMIUM LEATHER '' which means PLASTIC now . `` Premium '' LOL . . this is a deceptive practice , as `` Premium leather '' = `` not leather '' . I feel taken ! and will never buy Diamond products again . Just another example of `` dumbing down '' a quality brand / product for the sake of profit . I have been around baseball since I was 8 years old and I know when these manufacturers are trying to sneak a pig under the fence '' PREIMIUM LEATHER '' come on guys be honest , and they wrap the product in plastic bags so you ca n't feel or smell the product yes smell , real leather = quality has a smell vs. plastic = cheap . Shame on you Diamond Sports You got me on these 3 dozen balls but you have now lost my business for ever which is about 12 dozen balls a year too funny ! I moving back to the Wilson 1030 's Real Leather Baseball ! If you want Cheap baseballs that do n't last and have no pop buy these pathetic balls .
 I have had these a little over 12 months and used them about 15 times . The foam seal on the inside of the frames is already falling off and I 'm told by their customer service/support that they do not sell replacement seals , rendering these goggles worthless . I will not buy another product from Wiley X.
 I bought the Wiley X CQC Goggles new . My first impression was they looked great . That is the ONLY good part about them . The are VERY UNCOMFORTABLE on the ears when worn like goggles , and VERY LOOSE on your face when worn like glasses . You can not wear a hat when you have the goggles/glasses on . I do not recommend these goggles/glasses to anyone . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!!!
 Towel was a towel but read the print before ordering , I paid more for shipping than to purchase the towel .
 I purched this tent after reviewing all the good testimonials and figuring that a higher priced tent was the way to go . I paid a total of $ 240.79 back in 2008 and it was to be a Christmas gift to my grand kids . The following summer I took it out of the box and started to set it up for the kids . The set up instructions were terrible it was also a windy day making it even more difficult to set up . I wanted to set it up in the back yard for the summer . Unfortunatly the tent would not withstand moderate winds and nothing was said about this in the advertisement but after the purchase the instructions did say the tent would require additional ropes and tie downs that are not included . This is not a quick set up and take down tent and if you live next to a lake or have winds 10 to 20 miles an hr.or higher gust it will not last long.ANOTHER NOTE . If you purchase during the winter and wait and set it up the following summer there is no refund available so set it up in the house and make sure it will fit your needs first.I 'm not bashing the product ... just giving you something to think about . Wish some one would have done it for me .
 I ordered two of these , and I 'm glad I tried them out in the pool before going on vacation . The clear , flexible joint piece was leaking at both ends , on both snorkels . There is clearly a manufacturing defect in this product , and I 'm just glad I was able to get a full refund .
 I was pleased to receive the snorkel I ordered within a few days . After receiving my GetWetStore blue prescription mask that I also ordered thru Amazon , I was disappointed that the snorkel was not a good match in color to the blue mask , but I can live with that . A few weeks later I headed off to Santa Catalina island for a week of snorkeling and kayaking . I snorkeled completely on the surface of the ocean but had a lot of trouble with the snorkel filling up with water . It was difficult to blow out/purge the water and it would fill up right away again . I ended up borrowing a snorkel for the rest of the week .
 When we received the tent , since it was bigger than any tent we had ever owned , we decided to set it up in our yard to test it before our big camping trip the following week . The first thing we noticed was that the poles were super heavy-duty which made them very difficult to bend through the fabric to secure the tent . They were so thick in fact that when we tried to bend the first one , instead of breaking the fiberglass pole , it bent the aluminum connector area and then broke completely through . We tried fixing it with the infamous duct tape and set it up as best we could . We decided to let it stay up overnight to make sure it would be okay , and it 's a very good thing we did . In the morning it was flat on the ground . I 'm very glad that we made the decision to set it up before taking children on a `` fun camping trip '' where they would probably have ended up very scared of camping in the future ! Now we have a giant tent with no support poles , and another new smaller tent with support poles that work just fine !
 The tent is generally OK , but the poles are awful . One ferrule started to bend after the first use and I had to hammer it back into place . The second trip was OK but on the third trip , yet another ferrule disconnected and had to be re-crimped to work it . So with only three camping trips , I had trouble on two of them . Tried to get the poles replaced only to find out that the warranty only covers ` manufacturing defects . ' You get to pay for shipping to send your poles to them and they 'll tell you whether it 's a real problem or not . Just getting a replacement pole was going to cost me almost fifty percent of the original price . Save your money with this company .
 tent ploe broke and tent ripped on first set up . on hold with customer service for 3 hours
 I have used diamond baseballs before . I really liked the ones I used . ? They had a nice feel and raised seem for a great breaking ball . I do n't know model numbers and just saw the Diamond name and a good price on the balls . The quality is very poor . Not at all like I used before . This ball I took to baseball practise to see if I was just being snobish . I did not say a word just put a few balls near the pitching mound and watched as pitcher after pitcher came to the mound and with out fail , picked up the new shiny Diamond balls and threw aside for a more used Wilson ball.This proved I was not imagining things and others had the same opinion .
 These are not real baseballs.While they look and feel real you will know the first time that you hear the bat hit one of these balls that you have been duped into buying a knockoff . The core of the ball is not official rather it is a softer material that robs the ball of its true flight.I am extremely disappointed by the misleading copy on this page that claims that these balls are official specs .
 I have the lime green with stainless steel plus black in between links . Looks great . Within a month the second hand fell off ! Sent back for repair . After less than a year , the watch stopped working . Yikes , thought it was broken . Sent again to repair . Nope the battery died , after less than year ! Year 2 or 3 , the band keeps breaking and falling off my wrist . -LRB- Customer service rep says they know that the links break . -RRB- Apparently there 's a design flaw in the stainless steel plus black band . The black links are rubber , not metal . So they dry , crack and break . Two have broken already on separate occasions , three more have cracks now . Lucky I was n't scuba diving when they broke , otherwise the M1 would be at the bottom of the sea . Already paid a jeweler once to replace one link , but not going to keep paying . I have to buy a new band . I would expect to pay an additional $ 50 on top of the price of this watch for repeated postage , handling , battery , jeweler service , new band in the first 3 years after you buy the watch . In comparison , I 've probably spent $ 10 total on my 20 year old Casio for a battery change .
 Yesterday I took this watch for a dive in a pool . It seemed to work fine , no problems.Today I took it for a real open water dive -LRB- spring , not sea -RRB- . At a mere 20ft it flooded . About 1/3 of the space under the glass was water . Not a water vapor , just plain water . And it was a mere 1 minute underwater . The crown was all the way down but it seemed like there was no seal but a hole instead.In the evening I noticed the water to turn reddish . It seems that at least some of the internals are made of a regular steel . In a real dive watch one would expect stainless steel or anything else not corroding so fast . I did unscrew the crown , pulled it out , and then the whole thing came out . It was corroded almost all over . Not just corroded like reddish color here and there , but brown with tiny brown bumps . Like it was in a water for weeks . It makes me think , maybe amazon.com sold me an already returned watch.I guess the 200M rating means walking 200 meters in rain and not diving 200 meters down . Or maybe 200 minutes in the shower.This might be a `` dive watch '' but surely it is not a `` scuba dive watch '' . For diving in a pool but without scuba gear.Also , the bezel at 6 o'clock is sticking out . If one taps it with a finger it makes a sound . When I bought this watch and showed it to my friends they were making fun of this like `` are you sure there was no ` made in China ' sticker somewhere on it ? '' . I was afraid that this bezel will pop off sooner or later.This was my first and my last dive watch I ever bought . I 'm going back to buying a cheap `` waterproof 100M '' watches at Walmart for $ 9.95 . Then I just lube it thoroughly with a silicon grease -LRB- Silicone Grease 2.0 oz . Jar -RRB- . After such treatment a cheap Walmart quality `` made in China '' watch works perfectly . I took one to 150 feet several times and it is still working ! The only drawback is that the bezel does n't turn because it is painted . It just needs a bit of silicon grease every 10 diving days or so . And if I flood it , it wo n't hurt as much as flooding a real `` dive watch '' for $ 109.95 . In summary
 I bought this watch in ladies royal blue and in less than 60 days it stopped working . I took it for a battery change but that did not make it run.The jeweler said the battery was still good . Amazon would n't take it back since it was over 30 days . MY ADVICE - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON MOMENTUM PRODUCTS .
 Wanted to have a watch that not only was attractive and tough as well as being water resistant , but being easy to read . The minute hand was almost non visible at a quick glance . It is even hard to see unless you have good eyesight for close up.On the plus side , it is attractive and tough . I replaced the band also being unhappy with the buckle .
 I bought this item because I thought nice that this item has 4 individual cricket displays . But I have returned this item because of following problems .1 -RRB- Website description says that it has 25 Games , but actually it has only 5 games . 20 out of 25 are not Games but Options .2 -RRB- Too many bounce outs .3 -RRB- Even when darts sticks out of circle , it register sometimes .4 -RRB- Power button and Reset button are in a place where it can accidentally be clicked by dart stick . There 's no lock to keep that from happening .
 I am a decent dart player and liked the look of this product 's picture . It is very difficult to take the darts out of the board -LRB- when they eventually go in -RRB- and there are an unbelievable amount of rebounds because the lines seperating the numbers are too thick and made of hard plastic . Every time I hit a bullseye it just bounces off !! It is not worth the money !
 I never received this item . I waited a month for it . I was very disappointed ; it was a Christmas gift . I informed Eastbay and I was told that there was a problem with the order . I then asked that the order be canceled . I was told that they would need to ask Amazon to order the refund on my credit card . Please follow = up and let me know the status of this refund . Thank you .
 When we received the watch monitor the battery was dead . I thought the watch as broken . I contacted Mio to let them know and they said for $ 22 I could send it in for a new battery ... on a brand new monitor ! Not good.The product does what it says it will do , but it not user friendly . The watch menus are not easy to use . You have to go through menus to get the info you need , insead of just pushing a button or two .
 They were really cheap so I did n't expect too much to begin with , but with them selling them as `` replacement filters '' I thought there might be a chance in hell they 'd be legit ... Wrong . They are ancient and none of them look the same . Might make a good prop for a home-made film or something . Definitely a no-go for intended use .
 I have the 20-60X80mm . The optics are OK but the hardware sucks . My eye piece has come loose and the front lens cap broke.I bought a bushnell for less money that came with a tripod , hard case and soft case for less money and I think the quality is better .
 My men 's mountain bike falls over in the stand , so I have to lean it against a wall . The last time it fell it damaged my handle bar grip , so I 'm a bit mad . The stand did go together easily , but it is n't robust enough for a bigger bike .
 After much research and reading many reviews we purchased this tent after many years using a similar style generic brand tent . We had high expectations of this tent being able to withstand high winds and rain . Although it set up very easily and looks nice , it failed us in everyway during a short thunderstorm.During a brief thunderstorm with some mild wind gusts in the midwest the tent rainfly , floors , and walls were saturated with water within minutes . We took in water from all sides -LRB- floor , walls , ceiling -RRB- of the tent . Even worse , was after the tent material became wet , the walls sagged horribly . This made the walls giant wind sails rather than spreading the wind up and over the tent . The walls blew in on themselves by more than 18 inches I 'd say . We thought the tent was going to collapse . The zippers also caught themselves on the tent fabric 50 % of the time.We have camped for years in much worse weather on beach campsites encountering severe high wind and rainstorms along the panhandle of Florida , the Outerbanks , and up in the mountains of Vermont . We are grateful we did not have this tent with us on any of these trips.We are shocked that such an expensive and highly regarded tent brand would perform so poorly . It was certainly not worth what we paid for it .
 Eureka is considered to be a great brand of tent , which is why I was surprised at this tent . I ended up sending it back after just one night of rain . I have not had any tent , including a couple off brands , leak as bad as this one . I have a smaller Eureka tent which is fantastic , but I can not recommend this one . It seemed very flimsy as well , especially when wet .
 We wish Amazon shipped us the new one we ordered instead of the used one we received ! I think a Twister with a lot less wear and tear would be roomy , comfortable , and great for our two small children . Tent took about 15 minutes to set up , with no directions sent in package , and longer to pack up . The windows are great for ventilation , but offer absolutely no privacy without the fly if you are camping around others .
 My husband said they do not stay on his feet at all . He wears a size 11 shoe .
 These towels are the worst . the quality is so poor , I purchased them as a gift for Chirstmas for my brother , when I received it , I could literally see through them . There was no way I could give them as a gift and I myself have no use for them since they are so thin ... this purchase was a total waste . Product quality -100 . do n't waste your money .
 I NEVER write reviews , but this product took up so much of my time I thought I should try to save someone else out there from making the same mistake . It came in a box that looked like it was kicked to my house from the seller . Then the actual wood panel was cut . The wood was not as pictured , more like the wood paneling of 70 's era basements . The boys were so excited to play with it and anxiously awaited us to put it together but still when it was all set up , everything still just felt a little off . So then I have to box the zillion pieces back up and squeeze in back in to the box and LUG the thing to UPS to return it . I hope I can spare someone the time !
 Size listed several times in description as 94x36 .5 x84 inch . Table received was a very small childs tabletop game of 36x9x20 . Product recevied promptly but box was messed up with lots of overlayed tape . You could see it had been opened and returned -LRB- maybe several times -RRB- . We did not even open it due to size description on box . We are returning product just as it came .
 I am very disappointed in this product , I am just about to assemble this and the 2 middle boards that go in the middle are not cut to size , it 's an 1/4 too long , I do n't have a saw and am not a handy woman . Now I have to try and find someone that can help me cut this in time for xmas - 2 days ! And then try to assemble the 100s of pieces ... skip this product and buy your kids something that is more durable and that can actually be put together .
 Should have read the reviews . Bought this for my son for christmas and it fell apart two days later . Ca n't get the company to respond to my emails or phone calls .
 This product is not worth the money . It is cheap and I 'm not sure how to play foosball when the thing is on the floor . I am very disappointed .
 I ordered this for my kids for Christmas and when it arrived it was mis-packed with the wrong side boards and could not be assembled . In addition it smelled like diesel fuel after opening the package . We initially thought that someone accidentally spilled the fuel on the game but I now see that another customer experienced the same smell . There is also quite a bit of assembly required so be prepared .
 The Franklin Sports game was intended as a Christmas gift for my son . He had picked it out and was very excited about it . I had intended it as a surprise , but when it arrived -LRB- at my office -RRB- the packing had ripped and it was clear what was in the box . Unfortunately , my son saw the box before I had a chance to move it ! When we tried to assemble the item we could not put it together . Several of the screws were stripped . It was very heavy , which made the attempted assembly even more difficult . The final frustration was the difficulty in packing it up and returning it because of the size and weight ! I would not recommend this product .
 We bought this for our 8 and 4 year old boys . The product was damaged when it arrived -LRB- storage drawer broken -RRB- . My husband attempted to assemble it anyway . The bottom panel for the foosball table was warped making that game unplayable because the handles could n't spin freely . The ping pong panel was ` dead ' so the imitation ball did not have much bounce . The pins to hold the net could not be inserted far enough into the table to stay perpendicular to the table so the net kept sliding off the pins . The air hockey puck kept getting stuck in the goal slot instead of going through it for a goal . The only surface that did not have issues was the chess/backgammon panel . Needless to say , it was promptly returned . We would not recommend this for any amount of money .
 I agree with other reviewers that this toy is very low quality and overpriced . The storage drawer had fallen apart . The wood veneer was peeling off . The air hockey may be the only portion actually used , but it is nearly impossible for the puck to fit through the slot on one side . The foosball game requires more tedious assembly than indicated . This has to be one of the worst gifts that I have given and will probably be in a landfill before the end of the year .
 I bought this product for my 6 and 7 yrs old nephews . I am very disappointed about the bad chemical odor that this product is emitting . I have left this product out in the patio for 2 days but the bad odor has not gone away . My nephews are very disappointed because they can not play with it . The smell is so bad that it fills up the room when I try to bring it back into the family room . I have to move the product back into the patio hoping the odor will go away .
 This was a disappointment - the ping pong portion of the table is made of material that does not allow the ball to bounce . The only piece that is still working is the foozeball part.Very disappointing .
 This table is extremely poorly made . We were barely able to assemble it . It would n't hold up for one week with active play . The life expectancy of this table is not worth the money . You do n't even get what you pay for - it 's cheap but wo n't last long enough to be worth the $ 120 or so it costs . I 'd rather pay more to get a quality game table that will last . This one will be in the dump before the end of the year . After this experience , I do n't recommend purchasing game tables on-line . I 'd rather inspect them in person first to test the craftsmanship .
 The one I got was not the one in the photo . I think it 's the model that 's one step below it.Now I have to return and etc. . But they were fast about it -LRB- the return -RRB- . And did n't have to pay for the return.I have some kind of trouble with my computer , I can `` t change the star rating . Sorry .
 I bought this watch in ladies royal blue and in less than 60 days it stopped working . I took it for a battery change but that did not make it run.The jeweler said the battery was still good . Amazon would n't take it back since it was over 30 days . MY ADVICE - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON MOMENTUM PRODUCTS .
 Must not have any quality control before shipping . Right lense was spattered with something that had to be scaped off and left scratches . Could n't return it for another because of time restraints . A waste .
 These Israeli M15 gas masks are great but this particular item on Amazon is misleading . I purchased from this seller -LRB- Fox Outdoor -RRB- vs the dozens of others selling this mask specifically because the pictures indicated it was the latest M15 mask with the side voice emitter . I also liked that it came with the standard hydration tube AND a canteen cap according to the product details , most other masks out there only have the tube.Sure enough , I get the masks and they have NO side voice emitter on the mask and NO canteen cap in the package -LRB- just the tube and adapter for the mask.Returning the masks now and ordering from another seller . If these details arent important to you then go ahead with this item . If so , look elsewhere .
 Do n't waste your money if ur looking for a quality stock this is n't it . I did n't expect much due to the price but seen better quality on toy guns . Did n't fit well super thin plastic , still had dried up glue all over the butt plate . I just opted to keep the old wood instead , after seeing this thing . I only wish Hogue would make somthing for this model . Maybe I was only expecting the same quality for approx . same price . I was definitely wrong .
 This is crap ! It leaks . The black inside part comes right out . I will never buy another mug like this again .
 the cup was everything the add said it was and the green bay logo is great . i enjoy the cup very much and would buy another one if needed
 The hat they sent me was ok but it was not the hat that was shown in the picture . Instead it was a pink beanie that would fit an adult not a child and the raiders tag was just a black patch that was sewn on . Not at all what we were expecting .
 They ship a 3m particulate filter instead of an NBC filter , which is what you are probably expecting .
 Dated 1991 and they smell a bit musty . Probably kept in a basement . Not in bad condition , but very old !
 the knife i received should have never left the company , it should have been deemed as poor quality , i have order shrade knives before old timer and uncle henry and never had a problem , the seller should have inspected this knife before shipment , for the price i pay i am keeping this knife since it would be a hassle to send it back .
 I do n't often write reviews on Amazon but my experience with this knife prompted me to do so . The quality of this knife is abysmal !!!! I used to have a Schrade Old Timer that I bought long ago . It was fantastic ! Unfortunately I lost it on a vacation . I immediately got on to Amazon and bought what I thought would be the exact same knife . WRONG ! When I took it out of the package I could see that the quality was substandard by any measure . The locking mechanism is loose , rattling from side to side . The handle is made of cheap plastic , etc. . You get the idea . It is a piece of garbage . Do n't buy this knife ! Look for something else .
 This knife was not used more than 2 times when it broke . when trying to open the knife it just broke ... I had another knife just like this that lasted for years so I was highly disappointed in this one .
 This is a ten dollar flea market knife with Schrade 's name on it . Sorry but I was pretty disappointed when I opened the package . The first thing I noticed was that the snap on the case was not centered correctly so the cover sits to one side a hair . One of the handles has a 32th of an inch gap where it is supposed to meet the brass . Lastly it has sharp edges besides the blade . The edges of the lock are pretty sharp as well as the brass where the blade closes . I bought this knife to use at work and it 's going to take a beating . It 's not worth the time to send it back . I 'll just write off Schrade off as one of those American companies that gave up . I do love Amazon though !
 immediately disappointed as soon as i opened the box and pulled it out.Way lighter compared to when the good old U.S.A made these knives and realy cheeply made . Crappy plastic on the handle , not to mention a few scratches on the handle as well.i was gon na buy a bunch of these for stocking stuffers but that has changed.The only good thing about my order was how fast i recieved it.From now on im sticking to american made.Goodbye schrade nice knowin you .
 Again , I knew this knive was MIC , but thought I 'd give it a try for the price . I have an older version Made in the USA and there is no comparison to the quality and workmanship of the USA made knive . As a hunter and trapper I use this knife , it does n't just sit around looking good . My advise is save your money and buy an american made knife .
 The snap on the case is a real bear to close and requires enormous effort to secure . Otherwise the knife seems ok
 The lock itself is everything you would expect it to be , compact , secure , and perfect for commuting . The silver tab on the stem that seats into the carrier however is a piece of junk . The collar is not secured to the actual lock ring so it is able to swivel which it does while you are riding . If you have the holder located on the one place on a bike that has space for it -LRB- the vertical post under the seat -RRB- like i do , then you will be constantly banging your legs against the lock as it sways back and forth as you ride . Really annoying . Now I know why I see most people carrying these locks in their belt loops instead of on the bike as it was designed .
 Woke up this morning to find bike gone . Of course I have no idea exactly how the lock was broken -- but , found the hook-though piece and it had been cut.People seem to think these locks are infallible -- they are n't . -LRB- FWIW I live in Downtown Brooklyn . Perhaps the thieves in your area are less `` sophisticated . '' -RRB- I should add that the one star rating comes mostly from the fact that I 'm angry over the loss of the bike not because of an inherently bad design -LRB- relative to other designs out there -RRB- . With a little research you 'll quickly discover that there 's no such thing as an indestructible lock and that a thief armed with a cordless angle grinder can cut through anything on the market in less than a minute -LRB- and this is probably how they cut the lock -RRB- . Do not leave a nice bike out over night in New York . It will disappear . View this lock as a deterrent when you pop into a store . If you have to keep bike locked outside for extended periods accept that it will eventually disappear and/or get a cheap , disposable bike .
 This was a terrible lock . For one , I kept having a hard time trying to lock it into position with the bike clamp . Even after spraying some WD-40 on it , I was still having problems . Whenever I do manage to lock it into place , pulling it back out became a whole new problem , and oftentimes , it would slam into the frame of my bike because of how much force was needed to pull it out . Lastly , the clamp itself is extremely cumbersome . Instead of traditional screws , it uses a plastic belt . Once I had it locked in , I could n't undo it to re-adjust . I ended up returning this lock and getting aOnGuard Bulldog MINI TC 5013TC Bicycle U-Lockinstead . The bulldog is a much , much better lock because the clamp uses screws the the latching is actually done from the side , so it wo n't damage your bike .
 There is a serious flaw to these locks
 I have a cruiser and wondered if this little lock would work on most poles / racks . It does , and is easier to handle than a big lock . The holder is a little wierd and you have to push the lock down on it hard to get it to stick in there , not a graceful solution . AlsO I have locking skewers on my wheels so I just need to lock the frame , for wheel and frame it will not work.REVISED 6/12 . I had 2 good years with my bike and this lock . Just got stolen . Do n't know how . Very sad .
 I bought this with the intent of locking my bike around a stop sign and being able to lock both the front wheel and the frame to the sign . Wow was I dissapointed . It 's only able to barely lock around the frame to street furniture like parking signs or stop signs . I ca n't imagine it being any good at locking to an actual bike rack ! This is really better off used as a supplementary lock . Get something larger if you intend to ride around an urban environment . I suppose the locking mechanism works fine , but I have n't had much use for it as it 's so useless in my environment .
 I really wanted this Mini -- per Sheldon Brown -LRB- bike mechanic extraordinaire -RRB- and the reviewers here ... and I really did n't want the bulk and weight of the larger one ... but this lock is just way , way too small to be easy or effective . It barely fits through either the wheel or the frame and the bike rack - no way will it fit through both . Not good with quick-release wheels ! Does n't fit around the down tube of my road bike frame , either . I had to jimmy and juke my bike up against the rack to get it close enough to click this tiny lock closed around the top of the frame . Um , the metal bike racks in Chicago are thick ! It 's just not gon na fly . Returning it for the larger one , along with a cable .
 You will barely be able to lock your frame alone to a big rack , let alone tire or anything else . Really a waste . Get the bigger lock ... this one is only slightly lighter - still very heavy . GET THE BIGGER ONE !
 Very desappointed when the lock arrived tho on time , the key to tie it to the bike was missing and the strap which keeps it in place on the bike was broken ... I bought a new one at the store down the street -LRB- same -RRB-
 Had my lock cut , and voila , another stolen bike . I liked the lock until it was easily picked off by some derelict thief in a wealthy suburban neighborhood in a double secure garage with cameras . The design is fine -LRB- however , a double locking shaft would have made the thief cut twice -RRB- with flat key and lock mechanism being smooth . However , if it does n't prevent an entry level road bike from being stolen , I would n't lock up a tricycle with this . I recommend something more heavy duty with a guarantee , the money and weight will be irrelevant if you keep your bike .
 Krypotnite will not stand by their product ; they had a recall on their last model after a class action suit , and I have two of these now worthless paper weights . We have friends who have lost their bicycles because of Kryptonite 's negligence .
 The lock is OK , but the keys are flimsy and the locking mechanism is finnicky . I am always afraid the key is going to break off in the lock.Also , it is pretty small , so it can not be used on bikes with wider tires in the recommended locking method -LRB- through rear tire and triangle on frame to bike rack -RRB- . I 'm sure it would be fine for bikes with narrow tires , except on very thick bike racks.The mounting bracket is horrible . It can not be properly secured to a bike frame , and after removing it once , the release for the locking tab was shot . Good thing the lock is small , because now I have to keep it in a handlebar bag .
 After 10 times of using , it is jammed or had Seizure . Unable to opened it with easy , need to try multiple times , struggling about 10 mins to open it , barely . Very scary .
 I will attempt to return this lock , need to try either the seller or MFGR.Purchased in Jan 2012 , the lock worked well until December 2012 and the key got `` sticky '' and difficult to remove from the lock . It eventually worked its way out and became usable ; however this week it again got stuck in the lock and can not be removed , rendering the Bike U lock useless.Design is great , fits on my hip when riding , and gives me a secure feeling leaving my bike locked . We will see if this can be exchanged as this may be a defective lockset.Thanks .
 The lock itself seems fine , but considerably heavier than I anticipated . The biggest problem is the EZ-Lock mounting system , which is atrociously bad . I tried to get it to stay on my bike for upwards of 4 hours with no success . The instructions have grainy , thumbnail sized black and white pictures and terrible , hard to follow writing . They refer to a youtube video guide which appears to have been taken down . If you intend to mount this lock , please get a different one .
 I bought Kryptonite Evolution lock 6 months ago , and have only used it twice . The lock mechanism , which is apparently cheap , has jammed in the locked position . In this day and age when you just expect things that are much more complex than a simple lock will work reliably , this is just cheap quality . Definitely avoid this product .11 / 26/12 update
 I used this lock heavily over three years . In that time I experience one minor and one major issue . The minor issue is that the mounting system is terrible . It just ca n't hold up to the shock of carrying a heavy lock on a hard tail bike . The major issue is that the lock failed to open reliably after three years of use . I tried all three provided keys under the assumption my key was becoming worn . I was mistaken . After 5 minutes of jiggling the key I always use , I was able to get the lock off one final time before permanent retirement . For the cost I would expect a longer lasting system .
 How good is this lock ? I do n't know , but I do know that I 'm very likely to forget it because I ca n't mount it on my bike . Every u-lock I 've ever had before went on my bike by just slipping the lock into a bracket and pushing a lever . This one has a cheap , cheap , cheap plastic mounting system that straps on -LRB- and undoubtedly UNstraps easily . It would n't fit on my new bike because a -RRB- the top bar is too thick , b -RRB- the brake cable goes under instead of on top of the bar , c -RRB- I could n't mount it on the front bar because of the gear cables d -RRB- and it would n't fit ANYWHERE because the mounting system keeps it too far away from ANY bar and you have to have a LOT of room above it to be able to snap it on and off . FORGET about leaving your water bottle holder on . It wo n't even fit with it off . I guess it 's not as bad as making a lock that can be opeed with a Bic pen , but COME ON guys !
 I bought one for my team but it was slow - lost a minute or two every couple of days . I returned it and got another - same deal . Buy one if you do n't need it to be accurate and do n't mind resetting it a couple of time a week .
 I received these in a great amount of time . However , when I pulled them apart the pictures stuck to the backside of the mat . It peeled it in several spots . I covered with my bowls during playoff parties but would recommend that something be put in between the mats at shipping .
 The product description should mention that this is actually a clear sticker with the white text and images attached -- it 's not a white die-cut decal as the image in the listing would have you believe . Compared to other die-cut decals I 've used in the past , this one was much harder to apply because of that . And since it 's essentially just one large sticker , you end up with twice the air bubbles , and they 're very noticeable under the clear part of the sticker . I 'll be removing this from my car and replacing it with a different kind of decal from a different shop with more accurate images and descriptions in the listing . This was a waste of money .
 Hello , I 've purchased items online in the past and have an idea that things do n't always arrive as you imagined them , but this I ca n't let go . Xmas socks to be hung on the chimney balustrade have better stitching than this product . I used them once , 1 , that 's the number one , and as I pulled them out of my glove I found that hamster cage bedding material was now all over my glove and bag and that stuff infiltrates everything . Save your money , buy some sneaker balls instead . I want my 10 bucks back . This product is a turd .
 I bought a Schrade Old Timer when I was 16 -LRB- 20 plus years ago -RRB- . Saw this on Amazon and bought 2 for my boys . I got them and saw the made in China insignia . I am sending them back . They look nice , the blade seems okay , the leather case is nice . I compared with mine -LRB- yes still have -RRB- , made in America . I am just disappointed that they are no longer U.S. made . I will look for something similar made in the USA .
 This rack is very easy to mount , however , getting a bike up there is very difficult , not to mention 2 bikes . Very tight fit .
 Have used this model for about six months now , the retaining straps on the top bars slide to the end during longer trips . If you put two bikes on the rack the top bar can bite into the trunk top if you have a sedan and leave a dent . Not meant for heavier bikes or long trips . I have upgraded to the stronger Saris Bones 2 model . Now I can carry two bikes and have no more problems with bikes shifting or loose straps .
 I purchased this bike rack after months of research . Most reviews I read about it where positive and seemed any negative reviews were based on users not tightening the straps enough . That said when installing the bike rack I installed it exactly to the manuals instructions.I used this bike rack September of 2011 on my 2009 Subaru Impreza Premium to carry 2 adult mountain bikes 400 miles averaging about 65mph on northern Minnesota roads.When installing the bike rack I made sure to pay particular attention to the cleanliness of the trunk lid rim where the hooks of the rack attached as well as where the pads on the bars rested on the lid.I installed the rack first by tightening the straps . Then placing the bikes on the rack . After placing the bikes on the rack I tightened the straps further . I then secured the bikes together with bungee cords.The rack road smoothing down the road the hole trip even though some bumpy parts of the journey no complaints there even when some mentioned a swaying motion at speed I never saw any.After my trip and during cleaning the car I noticed the rack put a considerable dent in my car where the lower bar contacts the body . The dent is not a result of the pedals as there is n't any scratches what so ever . Even the mounting points where the hooks grasped the lip of the trunk lid had no damage.I 'd avoid this bike rack . I 've decided against all trunk lid bike racks at this point . I am going to invest in the roof system that the car was intended for . I am very disappointed in this rack . Not only do I have to have body damage repaired but I have a rack I 'm never using again . DO yourself a favor and by a quality solution to transporting bikes .
 I just got back from a trip from Vermont and spent much of my time pulling over to the side of the highway to reattach the plastic straps to keep the bike in place . At higher speeds -LRB- many of the highways have a 65 mph speed limit -RRB- the wind resistance on the bike caused it to go practically horizontal while in motion . Eventually the plastic strap would detach and the bike was precariously hanging off the rack . I only had one bike on it so I doubled the plastic straps on the bike and used an additional strap to tie down the wheel and frame . That was moderately successful . I stopped in Boston to visit a friend , bought a new Allen two bike rack and tossed this one . The Allen rack had ample strap slack to wrap up the frame and wheels so the bike did not budge when I drove back . Additionally , the Allen rack keeps the bike closer to the car , which I think helped with wind resistance.If you 're driving local , this will work fine . For highway driving , I would look elsewhere .
 This bike rack is very poorly designed . I tried hauling 2 bikes for a 3 hour trip and the rack would not stayed flat against my car ; it kept tilting . I ended up pulling off and going into REI to buy a Yakima that is the same type of rack . The Yakima never budged for the remainder of the trip . The problem with the rack is that it does not have side stabilizers only top and bottom . I thought that all racks of this type had side , top and bottom stabilizers . It may be okay for one light weight bike .
 I love almost all the Dye products I have used ... except for one , these pods ... The pods are nice and the one finger auto opening is great . But out of the 7 pods I bought i 've had 2 that have had the lids pulled off when I tried to pull them from my pack , spilling my balls all over the field ... Not what you want in the final game at a tourney ... I have since gone back and replaced all the glue with stronger super glue and they seem to be doing better .
 I recently finished a Ruger 10/22 build for plinking at the range . I had a Nikon 3-9 x 40 Rimfire scope on the gun but found myself using it at the 3x end and even then , the magnification was more power than I needed . For most of what I do , I 'm under 50 yards so I wanted a red dot . I am currently using an UltraDot 30mm red dot on my Ruger 22/45 and it has worked flawlessly . I do n't have the cash to spend on another UltraDot at the moment so I started researching other dots in the sub - $ 100 range . Millet came up time and time again as a decent performer in this price range.I ordered it and it was delivered quickly . I was generally impressed when taking it out of the box . The build quality seemed excellent with a good heft and tight fit on the components . I was a little turned off by the screen printing of the logos on the tube . It was a little sloppy and pretty large -LRB- not like what is pictured -RRB- . I can live with that , though . The finish on this sight is a rough-textured matte black finish similar to a parkerized finish on a shotgun -LRB- specifically a Remington 1100 with the synthetic stock if you 've ever seen or owned one of those -RRB- . While I was n't super crazy about the supplied rings , they did tighten down firmly and the fit and finish on them was equally as nice as the sight itself . I did n't like the over-sized thumb screws on the rings for mounting them , but once tightened down , they were n't obtrusive and picking up an alternate set of rings would n't be hard to do if you did n't like the ones supplied . One of the best things about the rings is that they are top-bottom split rings , instead of left-right . You can lay the scope in them and its textured surface keeps it where you want it while you drop in the top half of the rings . The included hex key works for the ring screws , but does n't work to attach the rings to the rail . You need a rather beefy flat screwdriver for the ring bases . It would have been nice if it were a one-tool setup . A small gripe , but worth noting.My biggest problem came in with the dot itself . Please understand that I am not comparing this to an UltraDot . I paid far more money -LRB- more than 3x as much -RRB- for my UD , but I expected a better quality optic than what I received . Design quibbles aside , the dot itself just did n't live up to my expectations . A 5 MOA dot is fine for plinking . But a blurry 5 MOA dot is not fine for anything except maybe pointing at charts and graphs in a board room presentation . The dot on this optic was blurry and irregular in shape . The brightness settings left a LOT to be desired . At the highest setting , it was barely usable outside for the brief testing I did in my yard . Inside , I had to have it at 5-7 to even have a usable sight picture . This is unacceptable . I do n't want something blinding , but I do want something bright enough to see outside . This is n't it . Finally , and this was the one that did it for me , I had a terrible glare in my optic . When looking through , there were several `` tick '' marks at about 10 o'clock . A sort of repeated ghost image of the dot . It was distracting and did n't go away with the shade or under different lighting conditions . I could deal with an uneven dot and even a dot that was n't super bright . For what I paid , I would have been OK with it . But the ghosting and flaring causing the odd reflections were a no-go . I 'd recommend this for a kid 's air rifle or something or maybe for a cheap gun that will be used indoors at a range , barring you do n't have the ghosting reflections like I had . Otherwise , I 'd pass on this one and jump up a price point to something a little nicer.Lots of reviewers mention they 've had their Millets for 5 + years . Perhaps they 've switched manufacturers in that time , but this one was not what I expected . A definite fail and one I would n't consider unless you absolutely had to or you got a slamming deal on it at a local swap meet .
 this headguard is horrible honestly I 'm a boxer . I thought this head guard was one size fit all it 's does n't fit me that well . I wore and the strap on the bottom for the chin does n't even fit properly . this one size fit all is horrible . Please do n't buy from them . trust me on this .
 Ordered this for a gift , and thank goodness I opened it first . Had 2 quarter sized &#34; spots &#34; that were stiff and looked like the solvent used to clean the printing machine had dripped on the item . It bleed through both sides of the felt and ruined the printing on both sides . I am a great fan of Amazon , and order very often , but I sometimes get damaged goods . I wish they were better at quality control , both for themselves and their suppliers .
 This arrived the day before my first poker tourney , but the felt is thin , the `` paint '' would look hokey -- IF it was not flaking off , and it does n't include table stays to hold the felt in place on your table.Yuk . Do yourself a favor like I did . Grab your measuring tape , measure your table , add 12 '' per dimension and march down to your local fabric shop . This is 1 yard of fabric . At my shop , that was normally $ 4.99 / yard , but they had a sale on it for $ 2.99 / yard . I could have bout FIVE of these for that price , but instead I got batting and table clips and still came out ahead.Thank GOODNESS their quality control is terrible , because I can return it to Amazon for a full refund .
 My god ... this is identical to the disposable rug/fabric we use for trade show . They are dirt cheap ! The color of the actual product is actually a dark green , does n't match the one in shown on amazon display . The printing quality is low . The hole thing is very very thin . I ca n't complain for $ 10 and free shipping but if I saw this at the store , I would save my $ 10 for better quality product . That 's just my 2 cents .
 Unable to track the manufacturer of this item . Would be interested in purchasing this item , w/o a logo , as a possible soccer booster club fund raiser item . Can you refer me to someone that can assist ... ThanksBobbie at
 I searched for the Multi-Position Tee . The correct picture is displayed ; but the shipped tee is the 3-position . NOT WHAT I WANTED .
 I would n't buy this tee if you have an older child or a heavy swinger . My daughter -LRB- 14 yrs -RRB- used this for about two weeks for softball practice . The top of the tee that holds the ball cracked and eventually fell off . We have been using the remaining part of the tube to support the ball after I trimmed it with a knife and supported it with some heavy duty duct tape . I 'll have to purchase a new one soon . The return on this item is such that it will cost me to return it and I do n't want a replacement . Overall the tee appeared to be a good design , the base is well weighted , but the rubber just is n't durable . If you have a small child just starting out this might be ok , but I think I 'd try another product .
 for starters , i actually own the graber guardian 2 , which looks remarkably similar to the saris one pictured . as far as i can tell the design is identical except for one small issue which was resolved.the design of the product is really good , the way it attaches to the trunk is pretty good as well -LRB- six straps -RRB- . it has nice foam pads , and is very adjustable . i would imagine that it would fit several types of cars . it also has an antisway bar to help protect the car bumper which is marginally effective . mine did not have something to keep the front handlebars from rotating and hitting the bumper , but it looks like this was resolved in this design.mechanically it seems sound as well , and at i thought it was pretty sturdy . however , thin pins are used to lock the arms in place , and they do not extend very far through the holes . this was a huge issue for me when one of the arms collapsed on the highway , severely damaging both of the attached bikes and the bumper on my car . the damage to the car is probably 400-600 dollars and the bikes might be totalled . i will be contacting graber/saris about being reimbursed for the damages caused , since i am a pretty unhappy rider .
 Saris website states that this `` fits '' a Nissan 350Z if you use the hatch huggers , I ordered both . It did not fit well enough for me to even think about using it for more then 10 miles . Do n't waste your money . It also leaves nice scratches on your hatch .
 The arms that hold the bikes are adjustable . You pull out a handle that pulls `` pins '' out of a disk that then allows you to reposition the arm along any of the other sets of holes . Easy enough to use ... but these pins do not sit far enough through the disk when it is locked . Within a few bumps in the road , the arms kept on slipping down because the pins came out of place . Gave up and put bikes and rack into the trunk of my hutchback -LRB- good thing they fit -RRB- . Returning this piece of junk .
 I had exactly the same problem with a Saris Guardian 2 , with less damage , however . As we rolled on a highway at a reasonnable speed -LRB- 110 km/h -RRB- , I noticed in the rearview mirror that the bikes seemed to have fallen down a bit , on the right side . After stopping , the problem was that the corresponding latch has unlocked . I replaced the supporting arm in the right position , pushed the latch back in place and secured it with a heavy rubber band -LRB- blessed He that invented rubber bands -RRB- . That did the job , but I returned the product to Saris , who provided a new model , the Guardian being discontinued . This new model , the Bike Porter 2 , is very poorly designed , cheaply made and unstable , so I returned it also.I think I 'll check the other brands . That `` s too bad because the older guardian model was almost correct , minus the problem with the locking mechanism.Mike
 Horrible fit , missed the earlier review about this not fitting the 350Z , and it does n't . Ca n't believe the Saris website can say it does , its not even close.Also , no support from Saris at all . No answer to emails or calls .
 The bike rack seems nice , but who can tell since nowhere does it say that you MUST buy a beam for an additional $ 35 to use this rack for a women 's bike . Returned to Amazon ... because for $ 90 + the additional $ 35 for the bike beam , I can get something much nicer from my local bike shop .
 buenas Compre Este producto Guiado Por Lo Que dice La publicacion Que son dos Piezas Cuando Me LLEGO LLEGO Una sola PIEZA deben de exigirle el venderdor que sea mas explicito en las publicaciones , es decir mas detallado por ejemplo en este articulo decir que es un ca & ntilde ; on de 2 piezas pero que ellos estan vendiendo la pieza posterior . por otro lado el envio fue muy rapido y llego en perfecto estado gracias .
 Vision Streetwear does NOT exchange any of their footwear . They will take them back-at YOUR expense . So , in the end , the great price is n't so great .
 We returned these without even trying them . Instead of the solid one-piece construction we needed , they are spot-welded together . For an individual 's use , you 'll probably get your money 's worth , but we have a large facility with many riders , and I just know they would n't have held up under heavy use .
 I had heard that these were pretty good tables but was totally disappointed by the quality of this table . The supports on the table top are pretty thin pressed board as are the legs . Mine arrived with hairline cracks on the sides and the supports under the top . The table is turned on by a switch installed in the power cable which hangs below the table and is a pain to get at to turn it on . The display is powered by two AA batteries with a cover plate that has to be unscrewed with a screw driver to replace the batteries . This display is turned on separately and is easy to forget when turning off . Batteries wo n't last long if not turned off . The blower is weak but does give the minimum amount of performance . Assembly was quick and easy because there are n't many parts .
 I brought this table as a Christmas gift for my grandkids for 2012 and recieved it the day before and when when we found out it was damaged I and my grandkids were totally disappointed . I am totally disappointed by the quality of this table . The supports on the table underneath are thin pressedboard as are the legs . My table arrived damaged with hairline cracks and some of the pressedboard actually broken in two and three places , not very well made for the price . No I will not recommend this table to anyone .
 The product description is incomplete . Technical snags happen , but sloppiness is not checking to make sure `` I 's '' are dotted and `` T 's '' are crossed . It would be nice to know what type of exercises are in the video so I know what kind of video I 'd be buying . Does it involve bouncing the med-ball or not ? Things like this determine whether or not I need it . Rather than buy it & wait & see , I 'm curious to see if Amazon cleans this up or contacts the vendor & has them do it . Either way , proactivity is what 's needed . Very vague and incomplete product description . Not the type of business I 'm used to doing . Reflects on the vendor & amazon .
 I purchased this backpack for my 4th grader . He has used it for only 5 weeks and the shoulder strap has ripped completely from the bag and there is a tear in the top of the bag . Very poor quality !! Hoping to get my money back ... The last Yankee back pack I purchased lasted 4 years.UPDATE **** The company `` L J Back Pack '' that sold me the back pack refused to refund me the $ $ or exchange for a new one . My son used this no more than 5 weeks - that is less than 25 days with holidays . Major League RIP OFF .
 The only reason why I am NOT buying this product , is because the description does n't give the lengh . How stupid ... !!! I am sure I am not the only one to turn this great product down . Come on , think a little and tell us how long it is .
 The only reason why I am NOT buying this product , is because the description does n't give the lengh . How stupid ... !!! I am sure I am not the only one to turn this great product down . Come on , think a little and tell us how long it is .
 The only reason why I am NOT buying this product , is because the description does n't give the lengh . How stupid ... !!! I am sure I am not the only one to turn this great product down . Come on , think a little and tell us how long it is .
 The only reason why I am NOT buying this product , is because the description does n't give the lengh . How stupid ... !!! I am sure I am not the only one to turn this great product down . Come on , think a little and tell us how long it is .
 I just purchased `` Bridge Buff 19 and Visual Deal 7.0 . While visually it is pretty , I did not find it worth the money.I am getting back into playing bridge and would be considered an average/above average player but wanted to practice playing to improve my skills . Unfortunately , I found this program made fundamental playing errors and incorrect bids.The postmortem -LRB- option that shows the possible bids a set of hands can make -RRB- to be wrong also . A laydown slam bid did not show as even possible . The bidding Kibitzer -LRB- shows what a bid means -RRB- was wrong many times.My advice is do not buy this program .
 As a long-time owner -LRB- 50 years + -RRB- of Victorinox Swiss Army knives -LRB- I was gifted my first knife by a Swiss friend for my 12th birthday -RRB- , I was disappointed with this package deal . I ordered two , one for a friend 's son as a graduation gift and one for myself as a replacement for a recently misplaced Explorer . Why the disappointment ? The pouch is useless
 I was disappointed in this product , which was a gift for an eleven year old boy . The knife was fine but the case was ripped after one day . they used glue instead of stitching which did not hold .
 I was pretty excited to find this pendant because my husband loves the Yankees . I bought this as a Christmas gift.Well , after about 5-6 of wearing it , we noticed it had tarnished terribly on the side that was against his skin . The description states that it is Rhodium plated , but I have to truly wonder if it is , or how much , with the way the pendant current looks.My husband has worn other sterling silver jewelry continually without issue , so I do n't think it 's his body chemistry reacting to the metal.To be honest the metal looks as though I had bought it from a corner drugstore . I would not recommend this , for the price ; it should not be looking like this after 6-8 weeks of wear . I looked into the return policy on it , and it 's just too much hassle .
 Waterbottle holder did not come with product . Noisier than expected . Heart rater monitor not accurate . Called the company and was told that was normal . Fan is weak . Leaned towards the product mostly because it said made in America . They mean made in America by you , when you assemble it . The parts come from China . Very dissapointed .
 We purchased a Proform elliptical several months ago ... it took hours to assemble and then clearly had defective parts . It has been months of calls and complaints and the product is still not working -LRB- and we ca n't say the Proform people seem to really care -RRB- ... avoid this company at all costs !
 I bought this slightly used for a very nice price . I used it about twice a week for over a year and now I 'm starting to have more problems with it . So even though it is a compact device , it 's important to understand that a good price on an elliptical does n't always mean you 're getting a deal.The elliptical itself is ok . The stride length seems rather short -LRB- I 'm 5-8 -RRB- but boarders on sufficient for my size . Ergonomically , the Proform 900 is n't ideal but it 's not uncomfortable either . The Dashboard -LRB- interface -RRB- has 4 20 minute and 2 , 30 minute routines . The display is black and white and overall is rather boring . The pulse sensor is just below the display on the fixed hand rests . The sensor is horribly inaccurate
 Previously had Saris Bones and loved it . This hitch mount rack is inferior . The bikes constantly shift on arms of carrier . There are `` stabilizer arms '' that attach to bike vertical posts that do n't hold . I have tried this carrier over 8 times this summer and the same thing happens each time . I can not get a return call from the president of Saris , only his sales manager . The sales manager has sent me 2 new sets of `` stabilizer arms '' but these do not hold very well either . There is definitely a flaw in design of this product . I sure will think twice about ever buying anything else from Saris . Sorry friends but this company does not want to stand up to problems in their product design . By the way , their first customer service person that I talked to -LRB- Dominick -RRB- told me `` let the buyer beware '' . I could not believe this from what I thought was a bicyclist friendly , quality company . If the bikes would not shift after I have everything tied down , I could really like this product .
 This tool is very well made , no doubt . It is poorly engineered . I have both the Leatherman Wave and this Swiss Tool . As a farmer , the most used tool is the cutting blade . To get it out I have to have strong fingernails of the right length and use two bare hands . This is totally an annoyance , to drop what one is doing and get bare handed to operate the most used blade is not well thought out . Using the Wave , I can open the most used blades with gloved , one hand operation . It seems like a small thing but in everyday use , the Wave wins hands down . The Swiss Tool engineers should field test their product in real world use . I now use it for a letter opener .
 Good luck getting the knife to unfold from the handle without breaking your thumbnail . You 'd think that the one tool that you will use the most would be easy to extract . Nope . You have to a pull other tools out just so that can get the leverage to pull the knife out . It 's simply in there too tightly .
 The zippers fouled out the second time we used it . For the price , you would think they would have used a little better materials in the construction of it . One of them just got stuck and the other one split apart and it no longer zips togeather .
 I 've had a Eureka tent for some time -LRB- 20 + years -RRB- and I 've used it about a dozen times . The tent is in excellent !!! shape -LRB- Always had tarps on the ground and inside on the floor -RRB- . Recently , the waterproofing started to break down and the fabric has become sticky . I contacted Eureka and they will not replace or recoat the fabrics as they said it is part of the natural breakdown of the fabric 's waterproofing and not covered under their warranty . Their warranty makes reference to not covering wear and tear and exposure type defects but my tent has been `` stored indoors in the original bag '' . Ahh , says Eureka , the tent has been stored in it 's original bag and that accelerates the breakdown hence they are not responsible . To bad the bag does not say somethng like `` do not store tent in bag `` Bottom line , great tent but do n't expect much from their warranty .
 These laces are elastic . I read the other review where someone used them to replace their Salomon laces , which is what I needed done . I do n't run in Salomon 's anymore but did like the lacing system , so I have purchased Salomon replacement laces in the past and used them on other running shoes , so I thought I 'd give this cheaper set a shot.My shoe size is 9.5 and these laces barely were able to fit the shoe . They are elastic so I am still able to slip the shoe on but I have no need to tighten the laces . In fact they are a little too snug . First run I did in them I had to stop to adjust the laces because they were cutting off circulation.If you are looking to use something for running spend the money and buy a Salomon pair .
 These rod holders are awful . I bought four of them and within the first week of having them three of the four broke . they are made very cheap and i will never buy them again . i do not recomend this product for anyone .
 This net design is GREAT , but it is just way too small in length.I DID NOT see the dimensions in the product description ? Make sure to check .
 This tent was purchased for the beach only . Very difficut to setup and the materials for the tent are not very sturdy . I would not recommend this item for a single person or family . The wind pulls the stakes from the sand and you have to add secondary support to keep the tent in place .
 We purchased the medium size for two adults . The plan was for shade so we could spend more time at the beach to read . However the back slope is so steep that even sitting in the smallest chairs we could buy our heads were against the fabric , our legs in the sun . There is a trick to setting it up - only push the rods into place never pull . By the third set up it was easy .
 While this shade looks good overall and may work for your purposes , I do not recommend it for the beach . It does set up easy , but the slightest breeze will cause it to collapse in on itself . It does pop back out but is very irritating to be constantly bumped in the head when the wind blows . Even with the sandbags full it still would lift off the ground in a breeze . We had to bury the base in sand and put coolers inside along the edges to hold it down . I am talking about 3-6 mph breezes . Another poor design is the windows . One day a light shower came while on the beach and because the window closure panels are on the inside the rain came right in and soaked the inside . If you just want some shade in your yard or at a festival where there will be no breeze or rain showers this may work for you . It was n't up to our use and we sent it back .
 If you are serious about your camping then go and get a decent tent from one of the more specialized retailers like REI . I have had tents like this and I can assure you that unless you are absolutely cash strapped your money is better spent on a more durable and feature rich product . ...
 How can the shipping weight be 9.0 lbs for a tent with a description claiming to be over 11 lbs ?
 Tent is flimsey . Packaging advertised a rear zip window but there is no way to close the two mesh openings . If in a dusty location , you will have no way of keeping it or the wind out . Might be OK if cheaper and for summer use only .
 This tent is not waterproof by any reasonable standards . All of the seams and zippers leak . After setting the tent up with the rainfly , the tent continually leaked for over fourteen hours forcing me to sleep in my car . I suppose it is a good thing that I had not hiked twenty miles into the woods to find this out . The tent was quick and easy to put up . I put it up in about four minutes . The opening in the tent is rather hard to get in and out of if you are tall . I am six feet tall and hit my back coming in and out of the tent opening every single time . The zippers were caught on the tent most of the time and took a bit of time to untangle . This tent is mediocre if you are expecting dry weather .
 The bike rack is fine , although surprisingly heavy compared with others of its ilk -LRB- Thule and Yakima -RRB- . The value of this rack lies in the rock solid mounts for any sized bike along a fixed run tray . The front wheel adjusters are excellent and solid . My only complaint was discovering that the box was missing dozens of parts that had to be ordered from Saris directly at a cost of $ 58 . Amazon offered no help even though it was their fault that the parts were missing . Ultimately Amazon credited me for the cost of the parts , but it was nearly 4 weeks before I had both a functioning rack and at the price I paid for it .
 Coat is well made except for the zipper . within a week of wearing the jacket , the zipper teeth broke towards the bottom & can no longer be zipped . The jacket was not worn for work , so a lot of tension was not put on it .
 I ordered this item directly from New York Bar Bell . You can see some pictures of the rack that I received in the Customer Images.The quality of my power rack is sub-par . There are metal burrs left behind from when the holes were punched out for the safety bars . Plan on having a metal file on hand to remove these after you spend time to assemble it ... . otherwise they will strip the paint right off your safety bars . There are quite a few nicks and scratches to the enamel . With this many scratches out of the box , who knows how long it will be before it is rusted over.The numbers on the uprights are pretty sloppy . My TDS decals were placed on so crooked I had to remove them . The unit wobbles and rocks on the floor . Definitely not commercial quality.I did not have any luck getting replacement parts . I emailed NYBB with some pictures and than I called NYBB and spoke with them about my uprights and they said `` ship it back , we will refund your money '' . I asked them if they would just ship out new uprights . . they said `` nope ... we ca n't inspect every package . . just sent it back , we will refund your money '' . I guess I 'm out the $ 122 freight it cost to ship it to my house . Good companies will be glad to send out replacement parts for new items ... not TDS!The assembly directions are pretty bad as well . Part counts do n't match what comes in the box . The directions are more of guides ... you 'll need to figure out how to put it together . If you are not mechanically inclined or have problems with IKEA directions than you wo n't be able to assemble this yourself.As a side note , I also ordered a bench from them that came with a rusty foot rest tube . They do not sell used equipment . . this is how it came new!If you live near their showroom and own a truck , you might have better luck with them . If you have problems , you can just take your equipment back . Otherwise , do n't gamble on TDS equipment . The Powerline Power Rack is cheaper and will work just as well . Do n't make my mistake of thinking this rack is of `` high quality '' !
 Called them last week and their customer support was terrible . I would not necessarily believe that because this is an American company that this is necessarily American made -LRB- I do n't know if ti is or not -RRB- or if the build quality is good or not . I believe the other review -LRB- the other 1 star -RRB- that quality control is not good , however , and I admit , this is n't a review so much for the product as much as it is for the company . Do n't expect to get any support from this company -LRB- New York Barbells/TDS -RRB- . In any case , I 've been doing some research and here 's some valuable info that may be of use . I would say the best thing you can do , if possible , is to wait it out , and find a good used power rack on crai gs / list but you will have to be patient to find something that works . `` Been on SS for about 8 weeks now and I 'm stalling , not due to reaching my limits , but because I do n't have a rack and I 'm starting to get nervous with the heavier weights on squats . For the $ 500 or less range I 've found three racks . Seems like there was a fourth but I ca n't remember what it was.Powerline PPR200X - $ 298 shipped @ amazon.comPowertec WB-PR11 - $ 479 shipped @ bestbuyfitness.comBodySolid GPR378 - $ 599 new , $ 435 refurb -LRB- both shipped -RRB- @ fitnessfactory.comI 've read a ton -LRB- probably hundreds -RRB- of reviews and recommendations from this forum about racks for beginners and all of them say the same thing ... hold out for a good deal on craigslist . If you ca n't , I believe one of the ones I listed above are going to be what you 're looking for . Also , checkout the power rack wiki here on bodybuilding.com . It lists a lot of them with good ballpark figures on how much they cost along with info on weight limits , dimensions , etc.For whatever it 's worth I think I 'm going with the refurbished bodysolid , as I 've been waiting for the good used deal for 4-6 weeks and have n't come up with anything . I 'm tired of waiting . . but you might have more time if you 're just starting . ''
 The way the products are linked together is misleading . All the sizes on the page make it very hard to tell what are the junior and what are the kids sizes . thought I was ordering one , got the other . Price and quality where great though . I would have spent more sending them back than I spent buying them . So I have 3 pair of worthless shorts now .
 I got these for my daughter as her swim yeam uniform . They are a terrible cut . They look really like old school gym shorts .
 I was looking for some gym shorts for my little girl . These said they were for children . The shorts were adult size . I was stuck with them as to ship them back would cost more that I paid for them . I threw them in the garbage .
 IT WAS MY MISTAKE . I DID N'T REALIZE THAT THIS ITEM WAS &#34; JUNIOR &#34; SO OF COURSE THEY DID N'T FIT . I DID N'T HAVE A PACKING ORDER SO I COULD N'T RETURN THEM . I 'LL FIND SOME SMALL PERSON TO GIVE THEM TO .
 I ordered 4 pairs of LARGE , and the shorts are way too small -- might fit a 10 year old !
 Is this a joke or what ? These are n't an adult X-large they are a childs medium . It wo n't pay to send them back because of the shipping so I wasted $ 7.99 on a cleaning rag .
 I bought this housing because it says it 's waterproof , but it is not . Sent it back . There is a seal around the faceplate cover , but the rest of the thing is full of holes , the top and bottom halves have no seal between them , and the wiring/antenna exits in the rear are wide open . Bummer , 'cause I was excited about the little space on the right to hold an mp3 player , but that could have gotten soaked as well ...
 The quality of the product looks good , however , there were suppose to be six , M3 .5 X 10MM screws with it which attach the top of the housing to the bottom . They were n't there . I called Jensen and tried to get them , even offered to buy them , they said they could n't help me . Suggested I go to my local hardware store & buy them . I live in a rural area , the hardware store did n't have that size screw . Meh .
 The unit works pretty well in every respect but one key aspect ... The cover wo n't stay closed . Kinda renders the idea of waterproofing invalid when the only thing between your stereo and the elements is a cover that just kind of sits closed and will pop open at the slightest bump or torque.Fortunately for me , I am using this in an old truck and not on a boat , so it does n't cause me a problem . However , if you are considering this for your boat , you may want to save your receipt . I could have just got a bad one , but it seems more a design flaw than a manufacturing flaw.As a general car stereo mount it works great !
 I purchased this product to replace a cheaper screen tent that lasted 4 years at our vacation home before the fabric began tearing . The better fabric in this tent was the reason we purchased it . It did not have additional support lines as the other one did . As we did with the other one we planned to leave it up for the season . We came up the following weekend and it had collapsed destroying two of the four poles .
 For the price , I expected a lot more horn . Loud it was not . Maybe mine was defective inside , but cheap chrome plated plastic cover and horn did nothing to inspire confidence . The mounting tab , although stainless -LRB- maybe -RRB- , was also of light gauge metal and the horn flexed a lot when mounted . Worth a hundred bucks ? Not in my opinion . So when mine went `` murrrp '' instead of `` HOOONNKK '' , it earned a return trip to Amazon for some other replacement product instead .
 This product is an excellent idea ruined by poor materials . I bought two of these in June 2011 . On one , the zipper has separated from the bag material . On the other , the zipper wo n't zip anymore . I did not over stuff the bags.I wish these were made better as they were quite wonderful while they lasted . I had the 5 reel model . Transporting rod/reel combos was a breeze . I loved that I had the choice to leave them together -LRB- up to 8 ' -RRB- or break them down and still leave the reel on -LRB- with the handle broken down -RRB- . Some better quality zippers and assembly would have made this a present I gave to all my fishing buddys . Unfortunately , I have to advise you to go with a better made product .
 I bought this case to store and carry some of my fishing rod and reel combos . At first impression , it is good quality well made product with separate deviders to protect each rod and reel from scratches and other damage . Then you begin to realize it is not even 8ft like the manufacturer claims , but close to 7ft 4in in length . It does not have enough room to fit larger freshwater baitcasting or spinning reels on rods I 'm using . On other side , small low-profile baitcasting outfits will fit , but it is very dificult to slide these fragile rods into the case because of risk of brackage . After all of this I was able to fit two of my sturgeon combos , and it seem to work fine for that . But before the first trip with it , the stitching on the ziper became to fall apart and so some other parts . Due to the reasons listed , I would not recommend this product . I paid $ 25 for it plus shipping , but it was still waste of money . If you decide to get one , buy Guide Gear 3 rod/reel case . It has the same amount of reel padding as the 5 rod/reel version and seem to hold up better ; besides , you only can use max of 2 or 3 combos without risking to brake thiner rods . If you willing to spend more money , you can get Precision Pak Cape Fishing Rod/Reel Storage Case online for about $ 55 ; that one is made to fit 4 combos up to 7ft -LRB- actually I can fit rods up to 7ft 3in -RRB- , and it is a + + + quality .
 At first , I was very pleased with my purchase of the Northern Breeze Screen House , but that quickly changed when wind was added to the equation . Even with placement of additional guy lines the screen house was barely able to withstand winds of more than 14 mph , and I attribute this to the high profile of the upper portion of the screen house as well as the structural design -LRB- cross poles would be a very handy addition to prevent collapsing -RRB- . The poles were getting noticeably bent with each subsequent use , and for an over $ 400 purchase I expected more . My screen house met an untimely demise at the hands of 18-20 mph winds , which are not uncommon in the mountain states , and I could only recommend this product for light use in good weather . I feel so strongly about this that after hundreds of Amazon purchases , this is my first review . If you routinely deal with moderate to high wind , I strongly recommend looking elsewhere ...
 I 've had a Eureka tent for some time -LRB- 20 + years -RRB- and I 've used it about a dozen times . The tent is in excellent !!! shape -LRB- Always had tarps on the ground and inside on the floor -RRB- . Recently , the waterproofing started to break down and the fabric has become sticky . I contacted Eureka and they will not replace or recoat the fabrics as they said it is part of the natural breakdown of the fabric 's waterproofing and not covered under their warranty . Their warranty makes reference to not covering wear and tear and exposure type defects but my tent has been `` stored indoors in the original bag '' . Ahh , says Eureka , the tent has been stored in it 's original bag and that accelerates the breakdown hence they are not responsible . To bad the bag does not say somethng like `` do not store tent in bag `` Bottom line , great tent but do n't expect much from their warranty .
 I have owned this bicycle and commuted to work using it for two weeks.The good :1 . Paint is top-notch quality , besting most ` name brand ' bicycles easily .2 . Included accesories -LRB- water bottle and carrier , pump , fenders , rear rack -RRB- are very high quality and durable -- easily worth $ 150 retail .3 . The disc brake is nice , especially as the pad is becoming ` bedded in . ` The bad :1 . The 3-speed Sturmey-Archer gear hub is wimpy . You can not ascend a hill more than 3.0 % grade or the gears slip and clank .2 . You can not start on a hill of more than 1.5 % grade .3 . You can not shift up a hill -LRB- upshift or downshift -RRB- of a grade greater than 2.5 % 4 . Sometimes the gears randomly change , even when your hand is nowhere near the shifter collar . This can be dangerous if you are riding on roads shared with cars .5 . The `` low '' gear is nowhere near `` low '' ... you need to be a muscle man , but then applying any torque will make the gears slip . Disclosure
 I had the 5.5 foot slightly heavier version of this rod but a friend lost it in the lake . I replaced it with this rod and it went from my my favorite ultralight to a rod I do n't rally like to use . I have the same 420 penn on it , but the reel also is n't as smooth feeling . Definitely stick with the 5.5 foot lite if you can find it.Updated
 I really like these masks , good seal and fit , but only one has an adequate strap . My kids have small heads and they could n't fit the masks on at all ! One out of three works , the others are useless . Very annoying !
 This bag would be fine for a smaller person in warm climates . For a 6 ' 4 '' heavy weight in the Northwest it 's not enough .
 The card shuffler did not work on one sides ... my nephew finally took it apart and found one of the wires that were soddered to the connection had come loose . He fixed it but that should not have been necessary . I am not happy with the card shuffler ... way too cheesey !
 My Card shuffler came with loose pieces rattling around inside . I took it apart to try to fix it -LRB- gears were not installed properly -RRB- and found that nothing lined up right , pieces would n't work together without re-falling apart -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . Biggest waste of money in 5 years .
 I was disappointed that the product I received had changed and did not match the photo . Specifically , it did not have the orienting lines on the baseplate . Depending on how you plan to use the compass , this may not be an issue , but it definitely is less useful for orienteering .
 As an assistant scoutmaster for my sons troop , I purchased this compass in hopes of giving it to my son for Christmas to replace the one he lost.I have the same one and it is a great tool . A funny thing happened when I opened it though . I knew where North is in my house but when I opened the compass , the red end was pointing South . After some fiddling with the package I came to the conclusion that it was a manufacturing mistake -LRB- they may have painted the wrong end of the needle -RRB- and I was willing to accept that . What I was not expecting is amazons policy of returning this item . It is classified as hazardous material . I am not sure why , the website does not offer any indication of why it has this classification and recommends that I dispose of it properly . So now I am stuck with a compass that points south instead of North . It will be useful in future when we want to play a practical joke . I just wanted everyone to know that you can not return this compass due to amazons policy , I am not sure about other compasses but buyer beware !
 Major flaw
 do not buy this sword it is a dollar store reject . it 's a waste of money . it was supposed to be a gift but had to tell them they were n't getting it .
 Schrade had better institute quality control on the suppliers is uses . This knife arrived dull , had poor fit from scales to bolsters , scales poorly finished and a &#34; reconstituted pleather &#34; case -LRB- suspect it might dissolve if allowed to get wet -RRB- . I have bought knives on eBay for several years as raffle prizes for my fishing club -LRB- many well under $ 10 including shipping -RRB- and consider this to be among the worst . Hopefully the winner wo n't be as disappointed as I was .
 Do n't buy this lock if you live in or ride to high risk areas . My lock was picked overnight . I attached my frame and wheel to a solid street pole and my Trek bike was gone the next day .
 I bought these based on a review of someone who took these to Alaska . These are to bulky & heavy to lug around in the great outdoors so I returned all 3 pairs I bought . I found a smaller pair by Bushnell that works very well at Dicks for the same price .
 Beware !! This coin is looks good on the one side , but have you ever seen the other side ? There is a good reason you only see the one side and that reason helps the seller , but deceives the buyer . Side 2 is horrible looking , I thought when I bought this product that the other side was going to look like the front , but it does n't . Since my bad purchase I have found better card guards out there that have both sides finished and are much higher quality . Just do your shopping and you will be glad you did . There are some other websites that I have bought from that have a much superior product and better prices .
 This bat hit well for the first year . After that , there was a rattling inside the barrel . Last week the bat broke in half at the handle , just like a wood bat would do . I am disappointed in the quality of the bat .
 Beware !! This coin is looks good on the one side , but have you ever seen the other side ? There is a good reason you only see the one side and that reason helps the seller , but deceives the buyer . Side 2 is horrible looking , I thought when I bought this product that the other side was going to look like the front , but it does n't . Since my bad purchase I have found better card guards out there that have both sides finished and are much higher quality . Just do your shopping and you will be glad you did . There are some other websites that I have bought from that have a much superior product and better prices .
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 I was very excited to see the Oriole INFANT uniform , however , it came in a two year old size . The new born is much too small for it . He will have to grow a couple more years . You sent the wrong size . I am very unhappy with that.Joan
 To summarize , this is a great watch , saddled with a bad and expensive strap design.As a watch , the design is quite good - it is sturdy and very feature rich . There are a few minor shortcomings , however . - The user interface is poorly designed . Some of the features will be completely inaccessible to you unless you have a photographic memory or have the manual in your hands . - The thermometer is on your wrist . This makes it an inaccurate reference for determining the existing ambient temperature , or your body temperature . To get an accurate reading of the ambient temperature , it 's best to remove the watch , and let it sit for a while . - A lack of a count-down timer . -LRB- However , there is an alarm -RRB- - Very quiet alarm , inaudible in louder settings . - It uses a mineral crystal . It 's slightly recessed in the case , so it 's not going to get too scratched up , but this is a particularly cheap material to use in a watch that someone wants you to pay $ 550 for . It 's acceptable for a $ 30 Timex , but in this price bracket , I want a sapphire crystal.The truly disappointing component of this watch is the bad strap design . - It costs $ 100 to replace ! That 's crazy ! After scouring the Internet and Ebay , I was completely unable to a significantly better price on the strap . - It is an integrated strap , so it can only be replaced Suunto Observer strap , not a generic watch strap . - The watch bracelet is not a full metal bracelet - it is only a rubber strap with metal inserts for looks only . I personally do n't mind this , but some people dislike it . - The only way to size the bracelet to your wrist is to cut it with a pair of scissors ! If you make a mistake cutting your strap , it will cost you $ 100 . This also means that you can not loan the watch to anyone who does not have the exact same wrist size as you , and make it difficult to sell the watch later on if you decide to get something else . I have never seen this kind of design before in another watch . - The rubber/elastomer part of the bracelet is a particularly cheap material . The forums are full of complaints of strap failure . Depending on your wear level , the strap will fail after a few years . Suunto refuses to sell the elastomer part of the bracelet separately , even if you speak to customer service . Instead , they will insist you need to purchase a new strap kit for $ 100 . This is ridiculous for a part that costs pennies to manufacture.Realize that you will be paying $ 100 every few years for as long as you wear this watch .
 I was very excited to see the Oriole INFANT uniform , however , it came in a two year old size . The new born is much too small for it . He will have to grow a couple more years . You sent the wrong size . I am very unhappy with that.Joan
 What you have here is basically an incredibly overpriced and unwieldy stopwatch.Having coached track and field and cross-country for 20 years I 've had plentyof experiences -LRB- mostly bad -RRB- with this product.You name it and it has gone wrong -LRB- with 3 different S149 's . -RRB- Paper jams , time locks , total timer failure are the norm with this Edsel of watches.You 're better of spending $ 60.00 to $ 70.00 on a dependable handheld watch with 100lap memory and multiple split functions.If you 're dead set on buying one of these , get one on Ebay and save yourself $ 100 - $ 200 . Then again you 'd be better off with a sundial than with an S149.The Pet Rock of Watches
 First of all , this very expensive printing stop watch comes without instructions or an owner 's manual . I went online to get a PDF to tell me how to set up the paper , how to work the stopwatch , etc.When it came time to change the paper , the printer stopped working . It no longer prints out the splits , it only prints out the message `` STIT TI '' . I looked online to see what this might mean and someone else posted the same problem , but there was no solution . Do n't waste your money !
 I got the Frontman mainly to use around the house for guitar and bass . The 10 '' speaker seemed like an advantage -LRB- especially for bass -RRB- over several in the same price range with 8 '' speakers . The first surprise was that the assembly resonated around the low A of a bass , even at quite moderate volume . We 're not talking about gigging level . Hard to say if it was the speaker , the cabinet , or something loose inside . The second and almost simultaneous surprise , when I started playing guitar , was that the dog was clearly suffering , and began howling . The third , a little later , was that my wife , who 's very tactful and would n't complain , went to the bathroom and gobbled a xanax.It 's a simple analog amp . It behaves predictably with pedals and stomp boxes , and you can somewhat control distortion with the guitar 's volume pots . In the good value for money column , it is a loud little bugger . If you can get up to 6 on the master knob without the neighbors coming over with pitchforks and torches , you 're probably living in the woods . I would n't try that with a bass unless you want to shred the paper speaker cone . But above 6 , another surprise
 I was very excited to see the Oriole INFANT uniform , however , it came in a two year old size . The new born is much too small for it . He will have to grow a couple more years . You sent the wrong size . I am very unhappy with that.Joan
 Beware !! This coin is looks good on the one side , but have you ever seen the other side ? There is a good reason you only see the one side and that reason helps the seller , but deceives the buyer . Side 2 is horrible looking , I thought when I bought this product that the other side was going to look like the front , but it does n't . Since my bad purchase I have found better card guards out there that have both sides finished and are much higher quality . Just do your shopping and you will be glad you did . There are some other websites that I have bought from that have a much superior product and better prices .
 Beware !! This coin is looks good on the one side , but have you ever seen the other side ? There is a good reason you only see the one side and that reason helps the seller , but deceives the buyer . Side 2 is horrible looking , I thought when I bought this product that the other side was going to look like the front , but it does n't . Since my bad purchase I have found better card guards out there that have both sides finished and are much higher quality . Just do your shopping and you will be glad you did . There are some other websites that I have bought from that have a much superior product and better prices .
 These socks are not made of combed cotton as advertised , and they contain 17 % Polyester , which is not even listed as containing . They are very cheap feeling socks . They are already beginning to `` pill '' as polyester does over time . This is exactly the type of sock I prefer to stay away from . This has to be the worst quality Gold Toe product I have ever seen .
 I was looking to find some high quality socks that would last for a few years -LRB- like the old style wigwam cotton socks ; NOT the low quality stuff wigwam is selling now -RRB- instead of weeks or months . Thus , I tried the grey style Gold Toe socks and the first pair shows holes after a few weeks . They are certainly comfortable but seem otherwise average . Taken into a account the higher than average price this results in only two stars .
 If these are gold toe I am supprised . Four of the 24 socks have worn out on the first use . Very dissappointed .
 Description / picture not accurate , this is ONLY for the base , not the rings . I returned this item -LRB- love Amazon for their ease of returns ! -RRB- .
 I ordered these for my daughters to wear under costumes so they could be modest while changing backstage between scenes . They normally wear misses size 4-6 . The mediums were so small the fabric was see-through across the butt . Did n't work for our purposes at all .
 Ordered two dozen softballs , they send me two individual balls . I called to report the mistake , and was told that they would send out two dozen right away . Then I got an email a few days later saying they could n't fill the order at all .
 Be careful I bought theses in all good faith poor info on ad they were a good price but a weird compression rate so can not use them
 a well made glove , but the catching-webbing is not big enough for a softball . I think this glove is mis-marketed ; it would do much better service as a baseball glove . As a baseball glove , I give it an A + ; as a softball glove , a C minus .
 I ordered these for my daughters to wear under costumes so they could be modest while changing backstage between scenes . They normally wear misses size 4-6 . The mediums were so small the fabric was see-through across the butt . Did n't work for our purposes at all .
 I am very upset , i only received the left hand and i have a shoot in 2 days , was looking forward to using them but with only 1 glove , i wont be able to enjoy it .
 I bought this item for my daughter , but no matter how we adjust , water always came into the mask .
 We received this item as a birthday gift for our daughter . Thankfully , we kept it quiet before I had a chance to unpack it and start to assemble it . Even more thankfully , our daughter will never know she was the intended recipient of the most ridiculous tricycle ever built.In all my 38 years , I have NEVER EVER come across a sporting product designed for a child , or anyone , that was so ill conceived , utterly nonsensical , flamboyantly unpractical and frankly and finally simply dangerous.Everything that is wrong with this tricycle comes down to one simple factor
 The rear trigger pin fits perfectly but the two front holes in the mount itself are useless . Only one hole lines up with anything -LRB- the ejector screw -RRB- , and this can not be removed or the ejector mechanism will fail . I even contacted Mossberg and they said that the product is faulty and should n't be used without smithing.Further more , if you do feel like using the ejector screw port for the front of the mount , the more you tighten the screw the further in it pulls the mount - COMPLETELY misaligning the mount as a suitable point for any kind of optic.Plain and simple , this mount does n't work without proper gun smithing . I am now using a zip-tie to hold down the front of the mount until I have it properly smithed . I do n't give many bad reviews on Amazon , but this is one of them ...
 This Item is terriable for a 12 guage it lasted about a week then the screw popped the threads out ca n't even use it now
 I wanted this to mount my scope but when it came a screw and nut was missing I had to improvise and that sucks
 I had the 5.5 foot slightly heavier version of this rod but a friend lost it in the lake . I replaced it with this rod and it went from my my favorite ultralight to a rod I do n't rally like to use . I have the same 420 penn on it , but the reel also is n't as smooth feeling . Definitely stick with the 5.5 foot lite if you can find it.Updated
 I ordered these after seeing them demonstrated a our local fair . I thought the fair price was very inflated so I ordered them here . The claim is that these ice packs will keep things cold for DAYS . I have used these in an insulated lunch bag when I pack a lunch for work and ca n't even say that they stay cold for HOURS . I bought a cheap rectangular ice pack at the dollar store that far outperforms this product . Other reviewers mentioned finding small pin holes in the ice packs , I also had this problem . I also found the packets hard to fill with water . The sheet has to lay almost completely flat before the water will seem in , and even then you have to knead the pack every so often to work the water in . I had high hopes for this product , very dissapointed . I read other poor reviews on this product and foolishly took a chance on it , do n't repeat my mistake .
 These so called `` techni ice '' packs are n't all that great at all . They do n't stay cold longer than any other Ice pack . Actually they thaw quicker . That `` built in refrigerant '' is a complete joke . There 's no refrigerant in those things ! Its just some gel that constantly sweats out this slimy residue . Supposedly they `` do n't leak '' , not true ... they leak . Yes the product was very inexpensive , but it is not superior to any other typical ice pack , actually its inferior . And they do n't `` stay cold for days '' ... maybe in a cooler that is never opened , but coolers get opened , they thaw .
 DONT BUY TERRIBLE PRODUCT , IT GETS HARD AS A ROCK AND SWELLS , AS IT MELTS PRODUCES ALOT OF WATER DRIPPING , NOT EVEN GOOD FOR COOLER BECAUSE IT SWELLED SO MUCH AND TOOK ALOT OF COOLER SPACE.YOU CANT USE FOR AN INJURY BECAUSE ITS NOT FLEXIBLE AND HARD AS A ROCK.I THREW IT IN THE GARBAGE AFTER 2 DAYS
 i ordered these hoping they would work like a portable heating pad to use when i 'm in the car or when I need one that does not plug in . -LRB- that was how item was described on another website -RRB- these do not work well for that . do not like need to soak in water before use and when i tried microwaving them 1 square got too hot and melted , making a gross smell and a mess . the other barely got warm . will go buy a normal microwavable heating pad instead.might work better as cold packs .
 Do not waste your time and money on these . They are completely BOGUS ! I honestly believe plain ice from the freezer stays cold long . And they do n't stay warm after microwaving either.I was really excited when I found these , because I had broken both bones in my arm , and have to apply ice to control the pain . I thought these were going to be just what I needed.I followed the instructions exactly . THEY ARE JUNK.And , by the way , I bought three sheets of them , so it was n't just one bad factory screw up ! The whole product is a SCREW UP , and HOGWASH!And , that 's how I feel about it . You can probably recognize my disappointment and anger for being ripped off - not by Amazon , but by the company that came up with this dishonest scheme , and for the seller misrepresenting them !
 I like the versatility of the sheets as you can customize the size as needed but they leak as they thaw and get slimy .
 no fault to Amazon but I used this product EXACTLY as described and it did n't even keep a previously frozen product cold for an 8 hour period . -LRB- do not buy ~ ineffective -RRB-
 I had high hopes for this product but was very disappointed . I was able to get the ice packs to fill up with no problem , but noticed that little pin-sized holes were allowing liquid to seep out . I thought that maybe this problem would go away , but it did not . After freezing the ice packs and putting them in the cooler , they lasted only a few hours and as they thawed a slimy residue was left on everything it came into contact with in the cooler . I was concerned about ingesting the slimy substance because it was all over beer and water bottles . Made sure to wipe everything off . Tried rinsing them , but they still leak . Do n't want to use them again , sadly .
 Lasted about 30 day on my son 's bike then the plastic cracked and fell off . I would not buy this product again and I would not recommend it .
 `` Supertraining '' is just too complicated for anyone looking for workout ideas . It has plenty of graphs and charts to prove theories . If you like that kind of thing-have at it . Personally , it does not have enough training advice and workout ideas for me . After really trying to read it for 2 days , I became bored .
 Exercise . Where to begin ? Well , if you begin with this book , then have mercy on you because not only is it incredibly bloated , but much of the information in it if merely conjecture and , frankly , made to confuse the end-reader . What am I talking about?In the last fifteen years , I 've seen a phenomenon occur where people who really are not all that educated on subjects , or , feel a need to make themselves appear as experts , make themselves seem as professorial as possible . This leads to them making up their own terminology when other words already exist to describe a particular situation . What this boils down to are pages and pages of drivel that - because the author really does n't have much to say - is said in their `` new language '' that they 've created and made far too complicated.That is exactly what you 'll find in this book.The only community that I know that references this book - in any fashion - is the powerlifting and strength coach community . This book seems to a rite of passage and if you do n't have it , you 're not `` serious . '' Well , I have the book and it 's huge and full of overly complicated charts , graphs , and mere conjecture . When you ask yourself where all of these numbers , charts and supposed `` facts '' come from , well , have fun . Referencing 70 year-old russian books that no one can obtain and assuming they were translated into the English language properly does n't really count , now does it?I 'm always excited to read new books on exercise , fitness , and health -LRB- even if I may disagree with the information therein -RRB- but this book , if you can call it that , is completely unreadable and I frankly do n't think that most of the people that claim to read it , have.If you do n't believe me , go ahead and buy it and see for yourself.By the size of the book you would think you you were going to learn advanced neurology and quantum physics all in one lesson . The book is huge.The field of exercise and strength training is not infintely complex , as this book suggests . The Russians do n't hold some special , mystical , Iron Curtain Super Program that only the author has access to.As I 've said before , the field of exercise is not infinitely complex but if someone can convince you that it is , then they are now your guru . You now have to go to them for all of your training advice because it is only they that have been bestowed with this special knowledge . The book is laid out in such an overtly complex way so that you wo n't understand what you 're reading or grasp what the author is trying to say . I really believe that was the point of this book.Think about it . Just look at the recommendations that the book hands out
 We ordered this bike twice & both times it was impossible to assemble because the pedals can not be attached to the bike -LRB- they are the wrong size -RRB- . Unless , this defect is fixed I recommend you do not purchase this bike . It was an attractive bike & appeared to be good value for the money - but if you ca n't pedal , what good is it ?
 6pk Golf Bag Cooler w / 2 Free Ice PacksI used this item one time and the material tore apart , would like to get my money back if possible . Do n't buy this , it should be labeled `` Disposable ''
 This lasted for awhile , but not too long ago , the zipper broke and it does n't really keep things too cold in hot weather .
 Mirrors -LRB- 2 -RRB- both arrived scratched and barely able to give a reflective image . It should be made clear in description of item that these are not mirrors but only reflective surfaces . They can reflect a light and project it a few feet away but would be impossible to use for shaving or other purposes for which one would want a camping mirror . If you are looking for a short range signaling device , the item succeeds -LRB- barely -RRB- and wo n't break like glass . If you are looking for a mirror to take into the wilderness , look elsewhere .
 In was very disappointed with how dull the finish on this signal mirror was . Ive used signal ing mirrors before and they were much more clear and reflective then this product . I 'm disappointed with this mirror !
 As a New Year 's project , I began putting together a `` ready-to-go '' Dopp Kit that I could grab and throw into a suitcase . I got tired of loading all my toiletries and grooming gear before a trip and then putting everything back on return . One of the items I thought would be useful was a mirror and I gave the Coghlan Stainless Steel Mirror a try.It is inexpensive for a travel mirror at $ 5.92 when I bought it , but when you consider that it is only a roughly stamped out piece of stainless steel , it is not much of a value . The image quality is disappointingly low with only the most blurry reflection quality . I thought this would all be fixed when , as suggested on the packaging , I would `` peel the protective tape from the front of the mirror . '' Well , for 15 minutes I tried to peel the protective tape from the mirror and could n't do it . There was no film tab to assist , so I started using a pair of scissors to attempt to lift the tape , at this point not caring if I scratched the mirror or not . I was beginning to wonder whether there really was a film on the front of the mirror , or whether this was a `` Candid Camera '' moment.After 15 minutes I had had enough and tossed the mirror into the recycle bin . I knew that even if I were able to get the tape off of the mirror , I was still going to be unhappy with the product . If you have a similar requirement for a travel mirror , my recommendation would be to avoid the Coghlan Stainless Steel Mirror .
 When I opened this package , I noticed that the edges are extremely sharp . Luckily I was able to avoid personal injury due to my experience working with sharp metals.I contacted Coghlan 's directly and they told me that they hoped this was an isolated incident , and was part of their process to sand the edges of the mirror before packaging.Due to the cost of this mirror , it 's not worth it to ship it back to Amazon for a refund . If I bought this at a local brick & mortar store , it definately would have gone back.Otherwise it 's a good mirror , not as good of a reflection as a glass mirror , but at least you do n't have to worry about it breaking in your pack!I would have given this 5 stars , but due to the fact that this one missed the belt sander at Coghlan 's , I could n't .
 I ca n't recommend this product.About 3 1/4 '' wide by 4 1/4 '' long , it 's too big to comfortably carry in a pocket.One side of the mirror , the `` back '' side I hope , has deep parallel scratches or machining marks . Not suitable as a mirror at all.The other side of the mirror looks dull and all scratched up as it comes out of the box , but this side has a layer of protective plastic on it . After removing the plastic , the mirror brightened some , but its finish is dull and scratchy . It has easily visible scratches from being polished with a too-coarse abrasive . They stopped short of the fine polishing step that might have given the `` mirror '' a mirror-quality finish.Better than nothing , I guess.I bought this mirror to replace an older , slightly smaller stainless mirror I 'd had for years . That one -LRB- about 3 '' x 4 '' and pocket friendly -RRB- had a bright , mirror quality finish despite being traveled with considerably.They do n't make them like they used to .
 As with all their knives , this is a quality ColdSteel product . Its light , it 's got a **** of a reach , and the subhilt makes for amazing control . Its a lightweight plastic , and it fits well in most hands . I do not have mine on hand , but I have used friends many times.Now on to the important part . For the life of my , I would never so much as LOOK at another KnifeCountryUsa deal . I am now going on 7 weeks with no knife , as they havent gotten their shipping right . The first time the knife was a week late , and entirely the wrong one . I called them back , complained about having to wait 17 days on a 5-8 day shipping , and found a strategy for having the right knife delivered . I was to ship the wrong one back when the new one came in the next week . When the new one never arrived , I called again . turns our `` friends '' KCU never shipped it . I was told i could keep the first knife and the new one would be shipped immediately . After a month of waiting , I just called back 10 minutes ago . Turns out it was delivered 5 DAYS before i first ordered , and they do n't know why I do n't have it . Unless they TIMETRAVELED , how did my knife arrive before I ordered it.KnifeCountryUsa is by far the WORST knife dealer I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with . Spend the extra $ 10 and order it directly from ColdSteel , rather than wait 2 months and spend 8 hours on the phone with these idiots .
 Although this would make a good toy knife , it is too light , stiff , and pointy for safe training . We were looking for a good knife to practice knife defense in Krav Maga , but on receiving these we were pretty disappointed . The checkering on the grip is nice , but the finger separator would get in the way while doing dis-arms . The knife feels more like a plastic than rubber , and has a rather sharp point for a training knife . It hardly takes any power to cause quite a bit of pain to the recipient , and so the attacker finds himself holding back quite a bit of power and speed.Our instructor uses the Applegate Fairbairn Rubber Training Knives , Black , Pair , and it is REAL rubber , not some weird rubber/plastic . It also has quite a nice heft to it , compared to this knife .
 At an advertised 1-Pound 3-Ounces , it was a little `` heavy '' in comparison to other brands , but that did n't bother me . What I did n't care for was how bulky the liner was when rolled up . If you compare this against other liners , you 'll find the Slumberjack is considerably bulkier , which means a lot when backpack camping.I also thought the material was scratchy against the skin , which I did n't thin would feel good when trying to sleep.I did like the zipper approach for making it easier to get into the liner .
 I did n't expect much and thats what I received , it really is n't much , I 've bought better liners for the same price or close to it , this one has not seen much use even in the summer .
 The picture is what I ordered and not what I received !! Very dissatisfied . I received a portable sewing machine instead . Not what I wanted .
 ummm yeah first off this sword did now turn blue when an ork was near so i nearly died and second it broke when i tried to stab said orc i am now dead
 upon first opening this knife i couldnt help but notice how cheap it felt and how loud the spring inside was . after about one day the spring broke along with all my faith and trust in the gerber brand name . thanks Gerber !
 I assumed this product would work with all HPA tanks but it does n't . O'ring is having to be replaced on every 4 refills . Not very impressed .
 `` The Filling Station you sent me had a `` Factory Defect '' !!! The Female Nozzle was n't `` cut '' correctly ... No N2 Bottles Fit on it ! It was a real piece of Junk ! I WILL NEVER purchase anything from you again . What a waste of time and Money . I was better off buying a Filling Station from my Pro-Shop to begin with . I was trying to save Money . I had to buy another one . Thanks for nothing ! ''
 Great price but started having issues with air leaks after 3 fills . Joints are in perfect conditions though.Never had that kind of trouble with another brand i owned.Update
 This is the worst filler i ever had . Use it once at 2000 psi , blow my low 1800K pressure disc and the filer O-ring 's had to be replaced on the filler . Not going to get any of these cheap fillers . I rather to spend a little more to get something of super high quality and durable than that.DINYOKE Paint Ball Filler allows for sure 4500 PSI and 3000 PSI .
 These pants were described as having a 29 inch inseam but actually have a 32 inch inseam for the 2X size . Too long for my short legs !
 I am a 5 ' 10 &#34; , 163lb guy . I order the medium adidas break away warmup pants , they were about a foot to long!I play tennis , these must be made for basketball players . If you are under 5 ' 7 &#34; you will have to have the small pants tailored .
 Had to return this product because the inseam was too long . Usually the inseam is 29.5 inch for medium size but this one was 32 inches long . The material and quality was great though . I will pay a few dollars more and order one of these from adidas.com .
 I have only had the pants for a month , Maybe less and the top snap is broke . For 50.00 I would expect a lot more .
 Am I the only one who received regular Adidas warm up pants ? The description clearly states tearaway pants , which these were not . Cut slightly small as well
 If you need a cheap case for your pool cue ... this is it . To look any cheaper you would have to wrap your pool cue in old newspaper .
 This item shipped fast , which is nice . However , the pieces did n't fit together . I had to cut the notches larger to even use it , and then repaint it black .
 This product lived up to my expectations , but you should be warned that the maglite offer is not true . I ordered 5 of these for groomsmen at our wedding -LRB- about $ 150 purchase -RRB- and did not even receive a single maglite even though the minimum purchase was $ 25 and every knife we received repeated this offer . I wrote in about the error and never even received a reply email . Just a fair warning if you are buying this brand over another for the free gift .
 The idea of a teeny , keyring-sized Leatherman is great ! I snapped one up right away and started sticking it in my pocket for all those little handy problems that come up when you 're far away from any regular tools -LRB- or even a larger multi-tool -RRB- . You know , like performing a quick tracheotomy on the bus . Or defusing a thermonuclear device someone found in a storage closet . Or trying to survive after a plane wreck on an island.Ok , more like opening the case on a PC to add a sound card , trimming a hang nail , opening a bottle of beer , or opening a shrink-wrapped CD.Well the idea was a great one , but I found the size of this tool too small to work with the flip-open Leatherman approach . The blade is too small for cutting most stuff , the pliers ca n't generate enough torque , and the tool selection too limited . Worst of all -LRB- and this is a problem I 've had with other Leatherman products , though not some of their competition -RRB- its tricky to extract the right tool and I scraped up my finger tips several times catching them on the knife blade or sharp edges of the tool.So its a great idea but does n't quite work . I 'd say , if small size is key , go for one of the more pocket-knife-like products . If features are key , it might be worth accepting a bit more bulk and getting one of the mid-sized pocket tools .
 This Leatherman was so stiff that I bent back my thumbnail trying to open it . Oiling improved it only slightly , but not enough to make the tool useable . I have returned it for a credit , which I await . Sad .
 Waste of money
 I give this one star for the add . If it had a model # I would not have purchased.It is not what is pictured . What you get is model # 60213 which is a nice set ofsights for a stock 10/22 . I needed the tall front sight as pictured.Total waste of time and money .
 I was not able to use the product . Rear sight did not get much clearance above the receiver of my boy 's stock Ruger 10/22 . Otherwise the Fire Sights product picked up ambiant light great . I do wish I could have used it .
 nothing much to say about this sight . just by looking through and lining it up u know its poorly made . rear sight was crooked , i actually had to put it on so part of the dove tail was sticking out to make it look straight when lining it up . also breaks way to easy . i moved it and leaned it up against the wall to grab a few things , it slips and falls down and the front sight completely broke . i switched back to its factory iron sight which was already broken and i feel like id still be more comfortable getting dropped into a fire fight with a broken factory sight then getting a new one of those .
 This cover seems pretty dodgy quality wise , it dos n't shut solidly , if you look around the edges the bottom is flush but the sides are bulging open -LRB- on or off the scope -RRB- . Secondly if you manage to get it to close it stays shut temporarily but the slightest bump or pressure and it pops open -LRB- i.e. useless for hunting -RRB- . Pretty nasty and am dissapointed as the Butler Creek eyepiece covers work fine .
 This post was a replacement for a 1 inch diameter post , and I had to shim it out with two pieces of aluminum flashing to make the diameter large enough to be tightened in the bicycle .
 This is the worst disc ever made . I 'm really not sure what they were thinking when they decided to release this to the public . It is cheap and flies like -LSB- ... -RSB- . When I threw it , it first of all turned over too easy but there was that `` something '' that happened in mid flight . It had to be the dumb wiring -LSB- ... -RSB- in the middle of the disc that made it rock or tilt very strangely . It 's hard to explain . It was the biggest waste of money . I thought I could take a chance on a disc for a little night golf or when I was caught out on the course near dark then I could use it . It is not worth having . Stick to LED lights and tape . This review is not coming from a professional but someone who is an intermediate to advanced level who plays disc golf a lot -LRB- usually minimal 8 times a week -RRB- .
 ... I 've had the devices operational for about two weeks now and had n't seen anything , so was quite happy , thinking my Mickey problem was solved.Then as I was , just now , leaving my kitchen , the little bugger just bolted under my bookshelves . * sigh * I over-bought the product too so that every room has two of them facing in opposite directions as recommended for bouncing the sonic sound off the walls.Apparently this product does NOT work on mice ... at all.What a waste of money .
 Do n't fall for the false advertising . Lentek got sued by the FTC for making false claims . http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2002/08/lentek.htm
 Worked in the pest control industry for 16 years , till recently . We used to find cockroaches living in such devices all the time -LRB- it 's usually nice toasty warm in there -RRB- . Sanitation , exclusion , and very careful application of pesticides is what you need.Rodents are often repelled for a brief time , but quickly adapt -LRB- adapting to environmental conditions is one of the things rats do best -RRB- . Again , count on sanitation , exclusion , and traps ; try to avoid baits because you 'd rather know where the little s.o.b. died -LRB- i.e. in a trap , rather than in a wall somewhere -RRB- .
 this seemed to work initially , but after about a month -LRB- and , not so coincidentally , when it started to get cold outside -RRB- i was finding mouse droppings less than a foot away from the device!i spoke with a veterinarian that specializes in digusting rodents -LRB- rats , mice , guinea pigs , gerbils -RRB- and she said that it 's just like living next to the train tracks - it emits an annoying sound , but eventually the little suckers get used to it .
 I 'm sorry I purchased this product . The FTC is suing them for false claims , and now the Lentek website itself no longer claims that the product will protect against spiders or roaches . As I purchased the product EXACTLY for that purpose , it is no wonder that I have not had any improvement in my pest problems . Please do some online research before buying this !
 Do n't waste your money.The mice are partying in our kitchen beneath this product . Do n't waste your money .
 I read all the reviews wanting to believe that these would help me and crossed my fingers for the half that said yes , they worked . Tonight , I just caught another mouse in my room -LRB- where I 've got two of these things plugged in -RRB- . Earlier , I 'd purchased one to cover a larger area and although it deters them , I actually think it caused them to run into my room from the kitchen to get away from the noise , as I 'd never had them in my room before -LRB- In two weeks since buying these , I still saw 2 or 3 mice -RRB- . Anyway , my advice is not to waste your money on these . I 'm going to start charging the mice rent .
 This was the worst purchase I 've ever made in my crusade against the ants and spiders that have taken over my home ! I have MORE pests now than I did before . Actually had ants crawling on one of the repeller units . If you 're thinking about buying this product ... DO N'T waste your money . You 'd be better off with a couple of cans of Raid !
 These devices failed to get the roaches to leave my kitchen . That 's probably because the roaches in DC are exposed to ultrasonic noises everyday . In rooms where there was minimal roach infestation , the devices did a good job . However , the roaches still hang out in the kitchen . As a matter of fact , roaches were even crawling all over the repeller . It was n't until the exterminator came and laid down some gel did the number of roaches in the kitchen decrease . The exterminator will be coming back in a week to check the progress.However , I will still keep the devices since many have said that they do a great job repelling big critters -LRB- like rats , mice , etc -RRB- . I have n't had a mouse problem in awhile before purchasing these repellers , but I just want to make sure they do n't come back .
 i tried the 5 pack in my garage with no luck the mice still live there its a lot of hype product no god keep your reciept bring them back
 I bought this product because I live in a basement apartment and have a horrendous spider problem . THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK FOR ME . Spiders seem to LIKE it ; they used it to make cobwebs on ! The product information ... states that it works for rodents , spiders , ants , etc. . But the product information included in the packaging ONLY mentions that this product is suitable for RODENT control . I am returning this product .
 We purchased many units , plugged them in all over the house , and they have been totally ineffective ! We still have mice and insects . As a matter of fact , spiders have used it to anchor cobwebs !
 Why ca n't I give 0 stars?I have watched our resident mouse run past this product on at least three occasions , and saw it got bold enough to run straight into the living room while I was sitting there with my -LRB- non-ratter -RRB- dog . This product is a WASTE OF MONEY , spend your money on traps and poison , sonic rays are n't going to get mice .
 Absolutely useless . The three gizmos are in three small adjoining areas - Kitchen / Breakfast / Office areas . The roaches come out at night and do a little dance to the `` clicks '' that the gizmos emit . No effect whatsoever after 3 months .
 If I had any more of these , I would have all the insects in Nebraska living in my house . They are not anywhere near a deterrent , they seem to be an attractant . ...
 Very disappointed . Purchased 6 of these for an 1100 sq. foot apartment to eliminate the common spider and occasional ants and insects that appear in the Spring and Summer time . Well , I think these units INVITE the ants in . We 've never had more ants than we do now despite following directions to place these units on opposite walls in the same room , etc. . These devices do not phase them at all - they continue to parade right by !
 I was hoping it would repel roaches -- a common problem in NYC -- but this thing absolutely does nothing !! In the two weeks I used it , three bugs wondered into my place in the vicinity of this pest repeller . Besides , you can hear the ticking noise of this device very well , like a clock .
 I used another version of this device in college and found that it worked well . This product has not even phased the roaches in my house and to add insult to injury it makes an annoying ticking sound like a clock in every room of my house .
 I bought these , hoping to finally get rid of the numerous spiders I have . I could hear them ticking away in the different rooms I placed them in , but that 's all they do -- tick . The only thing they repel are the people who ask , `` What is that noise , sounds like clicking , or tapping . '' I still have multitudes of spiders -- who apparently could care less . No matter what the brand , I think you 'll find these useless .
 Bought this item trying to get rid of the ants problems in the summer . Did n't make a difference at all . The ants still marched into our house . Tried to position them at different outlets at different parts of the room , and it still did not work .
 I bought this product because I live in a basement apartment and have a horrendous spider problem . THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK FOR ME . Spiders seem to LIKE it ; they used it to make cobwebs on ... the product information included in the packaging ONLY mentions that this product is suitable for RODENT control ...
 I bought these , along with a humane trap , when I discovered that I had mice in my shed as I would never harm them . Unfortunately they seem to have no effect on the mice whatsoever . The device is turned on in the shed but the mice still come in . I have even placed my humane trap right in front of the repeller but the mice still come up to the trap and enter it . And this is not the same mouse returning , these are different mice of varying colours and sizes so that pretty much explains it really . It 's always debatable whether these sonic devices work or not , some people say they do and some people say they do n't . Obviously I ca n't comment on other makes but these particular ones do n't work . If you are thinking of purchasing a sonic repellent I would look at getting one that has many reviewers saying that it has worked for them . And maybe consider purchasing a humane trap as well . For me , I would never harm one of these lovely little creatures and with a little thought and consideration it is definitely possible to move these without harming them .
 I bought 3 of these `` gadgets '' for my caravan as it is closed over the winter . I placed them end of October and when I opened up in April the place was infested with MICE . They had chewed up pillows and cushions and there were droppings and mess EVERYWHERE . I killed 7 with the old fashioned cheap and cheerful snap traps . The Lentek device is a WASTE OF MONEY !!! THEY DO NOT REPEL MICE AT ALL .
 Todays version of this knife does n't come even in thin plastic container-it comes in only thin paper box . The shiny handle material on mine was all scratched . The distributors of Swiss Army knife here in States got a bit cheap on its presentation of a fine knife . I remember when I bought Victorinox years ago and it was in a nice box inside of which was made in a special shape to accommodate shape of knife . Now they do n't include instruction manual , knife can be scratched , and it -LRB- knife -RRB- just dangles in thin paper box . Not a good present for someone indeed . But as tool it is quite good . If you want to give someone a present repackage it yourself . Again new knife came all scratched up , maybe manufacturer in Switzerland do n't know that American distributors just screwing up here . I hope for the sake of a good knife they will.Update
 Scissors are too think . Not as good as the old style . Definitely does not glow in the dark . Just bright yellow casing .
 Please know what you are buying ! This product is tiny . Not a real knife . More like a toothpick and nail cleaner . Probably my own fault for not reading carefully , but this is not what I thought it would be .
 I had no idea we would not be returned at least most of the price for each knife . We got screwed . Careful people .
 The product features states that : Contains six stainless-steel toolsTools include knife blade , scissors , nail file with screwdriver tip , toothpick , and tweezersIncludes key ringBut when the shippment arrived , I only received the pocket knife ; no tweezers , toothpick and key ring . Amazon sent me an replacement . But I received the exact same thing . What a joke ! I was told they 're going to investigate on this , and it 'll take 7-10 business days . I 'll update this after I hear from them . Do n't buy now unless you want to pay for something you are not going to receive . By the way , it 's a cute knife .
 It was n't clear -LRB- to me -RRB- that this was a miniature knife . I was trying to replace a small Swiss Army Knife , but this was half as big . Almost needed a tweezer to open the &#34; little &#34; blade . Not al all what I expected .
 item is very small . It looks like it could come from a cracker jack box . Maybe could give to my 3 year old grandson but I do n't think his fingers are strong enough to pull out attachments .
 I already own the little knife that I just received , only with a red handle . I paid $ 8.00 for it last year . But the new white one I just received , that I paid $ 15.95 for , was described as having six stainless steel tools , instead of just four like my $ 8.00 one.The item description is wrong . The white model that I just received only has four stainless steel tools , instead of six , and there is no screw driver end on the tip of the nail file.The item description of the one I purchased is at : http://www.amazon.com/Victorinox-Swiss-Classic-Pocket-Knife/dp/B00004YVB2/ref=cm_rdp_productThe review I made is lumped in with others that have a different description .
 This one is not as good as the other classic pocket knives . It does n't have the tweezers or the tooth pick . For less money you can get one of the transluscent colored ones ... much more appealing to the eye ! Trust me I have one of these on every set of keys I own . This one just feels cheap !!
 I got this for my boy scout 's birthday . He really liked it and it is cute but it was a lot smaller than I thought it was . I 'm not sure if it is usable . My son has n't tried using this yet .
 I know I 'll get flamed for writing this review , but I just ca n't take it anymore . A SAK is more of a status symbol or a knife for a medac ranger than a edc knife . SAK 's are for people who really do n't like knives . Do you really need a knife with a toothpick ? I 'd take a GEC or a Case and spend ten times more any day .
 I know that for eleven bucks I should not expect much.But I am disappointed upon receiving it . The package looks cheap . To think I plan to give this out as a present for my niece . Not much of a good present.It does not come with a pouch.Just a knife in a thin plastic container and a thin paper box .
 The problem I had with this knife was that it was too small . I was replacing a SAK that had been lost and thought this one was similar . Actually it is pretty tiny ... do read the fine print !
 This may be the `` classic '' Swiss Army Knife , but overall it 's a worthless knife . It 's true that there are lots of gadgets on each Swiss Army Knife , but it 's also true that none of the gadgets work well . I 've never had a Swiss Army Knife that held an edge for a considerable amount of time . The toothpick is too large , only good for someone like Madonna with that huge gap between her teeth . The scissors are so tiny they become unusable . And , have you ever tried to open a bottle of wine with the corkscrew ? Good in an emergency , I suppose.I prefer Gerber or Leathermen multi-tools to the classic Swiss Army Knives . It 's time to move away from these relics . When 's the last time the Swiss Army were successful in battle , anyhown ? I doubt they 'd win a war with this antiquated knife .
 I bought this item expecting something about the size of a small water bottle , but this is ridiculous ! It 's smaller than my pinky!I can not believe this cost me 12 bucks , i am pretty unsatisfied but it 's okay . .
 As soon as I opened this package my brother and I laughed our heads off because it is so `` tiny '' . It is no larger than a toothpick - one could have purchased it out of a bubble gum machine for a dollar and I like a fool paid eight dollars for it - what a jip !!! Anyhow , I have it in my car - I might need it someday . I do not want to say anything negative but want to forwarn my buyers out there if you want a flimsey knife as big as a toothpick then this knife is for you . However , I think I wasted eight dollars on the only item I have ever purchased from Amazon that I did not care for and I think I had the wool pulled over my eyes . It looks unique in the picture but next time I need a knife I will be going to our local hardware store to purchase one . YOU HAVE BEEN ALL BEEN FORWARNED ...
 The display of the knife made it look like an average or usual sized pocket knife but it turned out to be way smaller like small enough to fit in a watch pocket.There was a note in with the knife that said if you do not want to give us a five star rating contact us first.Well I was not going to give them five stars so I emailed the company and their first response was to blow me off . However , after , and I mean after , I posted a review stating that the picture of the knife was deceptive they contacted me and told me that if I removed the negative review they would send me a label for me to return it and then after that they would refund the purchase price.So I removed the negative ad promptly and then waited for the label and waited some more and then contacted Amazon customer service to ask them to send the promised label . Then I received the label.I returned the knife and did not have to wait terribly long for the refund at all but the question remained `` would I have received the refund as promptly if I had not contacted Amazon customer service ? `` I did not appreciate being `` blackmailed '' into removing the negative review . What I had written was true and after they made things right I would have been glad toamend the negative review but instead they just compounded what had concerned me about them in the first place.I told Amazon that this company only has `` fives '' - It is rare to see only five stars . My first hand experience made me think that the only reason they only has five star ratings is because of their questionable tactics . So let this add a little reality and insight to the mix so us loyal customers of Amazon can continue to rely on their ratings and review system .
 The blade is too short to be effective . You 're more likely to hurt yourself than anything with the tendency to fold on itself . The scissor spring also sucks , broke the thing within a month . Tweezers is easy to lose and toothpick is just retarded . Get a bigger knife .
 It looks nice.Good quality.However , it is awkward to use . Too small knife , not sharp enough .
 So you gain a nice , checkered , flatter surface on your classic SD . You lose your toothpick and your tweezers . Sound like a good deal on a multi tool that is that thin and small to begin with?Honest , I was about to order one . How cool would it be to have a larger Alox tool AND it 's little brother ? How cute would that be if they matched ?! But , then I thought about how not having the extra few tools would stink , added to the fact that the classic SD is already super tiny to begin with . So tiny , it literally will disappear if misplaced . . It just did n't make any sense to me.My guess is that if you have an Alox style companion to this , you might want it . But I do , and I do n't want it for the reasons listed . It simply does n't add any value when you lose tools on an already super slim product . You 're paying more for less , essentially . I do n't like throwing money away , so I 'll stick with my classic SD cellidor scales for now . My honest opinion of course . Take with a grain of salt .
 I like the knife you sent me . but it would be nice if on you product descritpion you include the dimensions , it was a surprise to me that the knife is only two inches long , but in your pictures theres is no way to tell.Other than that , everything ok .
 This is a very smal knife , unusable , do not purchase , whish I had not ! I think it was false advertizing - it should have said it was 2 &#34; long .
 my knife 's nail file has a sharp edge as that of main blade , however it was mentioned in the product description that it has a screwdriver tip . i ordered it considering all of its features . . i think its not worth if i dont get all the features mentioned .
 Looked forward to replacing my Classic knife on my keychain because the scissor feature did not perform well . The two halves of the scissor bind and only open partially unless you manually assist it each stroke . So I ordered a new one . It arrived , incorrect style , quickly corrected by Amazon customer service . But the correct knife arrived and was a continued quality disappointment . The scissor feature on the new one is as bad as the old one . I have many Swiss Army knives and have previously believed their quality and customer service were first rate . I contacted SA and received a response stating they would look into my quality concern . A couple weeks went by and they replied that their scissor spring had not changed . Period . Hardly addresses the poor performance I reported to them . And the spring was never the problem anyway . The two cutting faces of the scissor are too tight.Bottom line ... Poor or deteriorating product quality and sadly poor customer service to match .
 I purchased this for my 13 yr old son and it is so small he can barely open up the parts . He tried to use it once , and has not touched it again-he wants a `` large '' one for Christmas .
 Why would someone want a wimpy little knife like this ... to skin an ant ? I 'm sorry , but I once owned one that was given out as a premium with some sort of promotion , and it was fairly useless except for cleaning underneath my fingernails . The casing cracked very quickly too . I think the cute li'l Swiss Army Classic Knife might be a good stocking-stuffer for a grade-schooler , but not much else . On the other hand , now THIS is a knife , and it 's only a smidge over ten bucks : Trademark Global 15-Inch Jungle Master Hunting Knife
 The knife was disappointing but I probably expected too much considering the price . The scissors did n't work well at all . I got what I paid for !
 i can get same knife same manufacture but more tools and much bigger for same price at local store , but cant afford it now !!! rip off !!!
 First one I bought was obviously used . Second one I got as a replacement was also used . It also has some kind of glued on finger print and pocket lint from who ever had this knife before me . Very Dissappointed !
 This looked one on the amazon website and different when I got it . Useless for its price
 This knife is tiny ! I ca n't even peel an apple comfortably with it and my hands are not that big .
 I did n't know a knife can be made this small until I got the shipment . It is too small to be used to peel the apples . It ended up disappearing in my son 's toy box.I suggest you read the specification carefully before place an order .
 Maybe i misunderstood but i thought this weight tree came with assorted weights . costs to much to have no weights . all the other products work just as well and cost 10 to 30 dollars less .
 Overall this is a great value mask , considering it is easy to adjust , has a tight seal and does not fog readily . But there 's one problem ... you ca n't use the mask when the straps break . After about 3 hours of use one of the straps broke . It still works , but the seal is not as tight , and is not quite as comfortable . It is probably only a matter of time before the other strap breaks too . So overall1 . great mask2 . crappy strapsif you buy this1 . buy yourself some strong straps
 The strap on this diving mask broke the second time it was used . It appears to have had a very weak spot that was stretched out . I was very disappointed since this was a gift for my granddaughter .
 I bought these goggles thinking I could trust Amazon , and that the brand was also reliable . What a disappointment ! I barely got an hour of use out of them before the strap broke . It seems like there was a weak spot in the strap and it broke quite easily . DO NOT BUY !
 We got this Trike for my 2 year old son birthday . The bike is cute and a great size for him . But the bike is unsafe . It 's very tipsy , it 's very wobbly . In one weeks time he fell out the bike 3 times . One time chipping his two front teeth . They had to fix his teeth . Any time he turned it would tip him off . . DON `` T BUY !!!! . We spent a little more and got a 10 '' radio flyer . Wish we would have to start with . .
 DO N'T BUY THIS TIRKE . I bought this trike for my two year old . The weld tacks broke lose as soon as he stated using it and as a result it is very woobley . It tips over and he has fallen of many time . I have since gone back and bought a Radio Flyer . Much , much better trike . No comparison . Do n't waste your money on this trike .
 We bought this trike as a birthday present for my soon to be 2 year old . Luckily we bought it almost a month before his birthday , so we could assemble it and make sure it was good before we gave it to him . We are n't giving him a chance to even try riding this trike to see if it falls over - the bike is just made too cheap . A bunch of the paint was already scraped when we got it , and it kept flaking when we assembled it . With all the companies using lead paint in products made in China , and the cheapness that it was made causing paint to fall off , we did not want this .
 What you seen in the picture is not what you get . You do not get the 3 pieces but just the slot end . I would not trust to buy from this seller again .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 Dont expect all of the items shown in the picture . All that I received is the slotted cleaning red shown at the bottom of the picture . That item is acceptable and will fullfil the intended purpose . I mean , whats the purpose of showing the other two items ?
 We bought a version of this a few years ago to use for guests and after just having used it last night the guests had to actually crawl onto the sofa half way through the night . We 've noticed for a while it was n't holding air well but it was n't even sleepable after a few hours . We 're disappointed because this was rarely used but much needed when it was and now we have to purchase another one . Otherwise we really liked it but something about it just makes it not hold air which defeats the purpose !
 This Air bed is the worst Air bed I have ever had in my life , the mint I took this product out of it 's box it had two holes in it and when I patch them more hole on frame appeared in the lining of the Air bed frame , a total of five holes in it.I sold it for $ 20.00 at a garage sale . Will never buy this product again .
 The bed would have been great ... but it leaks which made my camping trip sleepless so I reward this seller and product 1 measly star .
 I bought this to have for use by adults that visit us . It seemed fine the first two or three times , but now it just does n't hold air . It needs to be refilled with air after about 2 hours and it is such a pain to continually filling it with air . So I am not happy with this product .
 After unpacking and setting up for guests for the first time , I could hear air escaping out of the base valve . I do n't have much faith in the way the valve just clips in place . I could n't get the air to stop coming out no matter how much I tried to secure the valve properly . I 'm sorry to say that I 'm disappointed in this product for the price . Hopefully they start using a different valve design .
 I own this little tent -LRB- paid more for it at an outdoors store -RRB- . Have been very happy with the quality of Eureka tents in the past . The last one I had survived five treks to Canyonlands.Erected this tent my first day in southeastern Utah , at Kodachrome State Park . A great place to visit , by the way . I waterproofed the seams , as I always do in a new tent . Some kind of front came in , and the wind blew nearly constantly for two days . It was only then I discovered that there are two small windows in the side of this tent which can be tied closed with tabs at their sides . There are no zippers . How much red dirt can be in blown in when those tabs are tied closed ? Lots and lots . And if you are not familiar with this particular dirt , it is very fine and very difficult to completely remove -LRB- except with a desert high wind -RRB- . Though I like everything else about this tent , I will never use it again . And I 'll be sure that every opening can be zipped closed in every tent I buy from now on .
 Needs a TON of seam sealing and waterproofing , and a good ground cloth . There are better on the market for the same or less . It 's a cloth floor , I had sturdy floors in tents from Walmart.Not the worst , but this is one I will keep as a loaner.Don
 My sister and I went camping this week , and we took a huuuuge tent with us , which we quickly grew irritated with ; it just took too long to set up , and we 'd planned to set it up and tear it down each day . So on the second day of our trip , we went to the store and bought this Eureka tent . It 's 7x5 ' and it uses clips instead of channels to attach the tent to the poles , so we thought it 'd be perfect . We brought it to our site and set it up in no time , and when the time was right , we went to sleep . When we woke up , we were WET ! Everything near the perimeter of the tent was wet . It was awful . The cloth itself is not waterproof , so it lets water through , and then , later , since the cloth has absorbed water , it 's still wet when you 're trying to put the tent away . The fly does n't zip over the door , so the rain can -LRB- and will -RRB- blow in there and seep through the zipper . We had to go buy a plastic painting dropcloth and stake it out over the tent so we would n't wake up rained on again . I 'm really surprised at all of the 4 - and 5-star reviews for this , because we were really unhappy.Before it started raining , we thought this was a great tent with a couple of shortcomings -- cheesy poles and blousy fabric near our heads -- which are to be expected at the price we paid ! So I guess if you 're in a dry climate -LRB- we 're in Oregon -RRB- , it 's probably a good buy . I 'm giving this tent 2 stars , though , because the packaging says `` STORMSHIELD '' all over it , which is ridiculous . But for a predictably dry climate , I 'd give this tent four stars.Just want to mention again that the tent leaked through the FABRIC , not just the seams or around the zips , so we 'd have to have waterproofed the whole thing , not just the seams , to keep it from leaking.To be fair to Eureka , it 's possible that the tent we received was defective.We replaced it with a Coleman Sundome , which kept us dry . We put up the Eureka properly , but if you find that hard to believe , then I will condescend to endorse the Coleman Sundome as a tent that will keep you dry even if you are incapable of putting up a tent properly .
 I bought this tent from Dunham 's Sports because they were out of the Coleman Sundome tent . I asked the guy who helped me look if I could bring it back for a refund or exchange if I got wet or if it leaked he said yes . I asked the cashier as well , she said yes as well . I took the tent home over Memorial Day weekend , set it up , and we got wet . The rain fly is actually really great , I like how far down the sides it goes . The rest of the tent kept the water out as well , EXCEPT for the bottom of the tent . It looks to be made out of the same materials as the sides are . I 've read a few places that you 're not supposed to touch the sides of the tent while it 's raining because the pressure will make it soak through or something to that extent . So what do you think is gon na happen when it rains and the ground underneath the tent soaks up the water and you 're laying on it ... . duh , wet . Everything was pretty soaked . Boo on Eureka . I 'd heard such great things , and now I 'm disappointed to be stuck with another piece of junk -LRB- because the employee 's at Dunham 's lied to me as well just to make the sale because you ca n't return tents once they 've been opened -RRB- . Yay on getting screwed ! ... -_- I wo n't trust my money to Dunham 's or Eureka again .
 I bought this tent because my brother had a smaller model he said was waterproof . So i figured all of them were but I was wrong ... Northern Minnesota , party on the lake , my sister 's friend was there . I liked her ALOT . Just after pitching this thing I felt a bit apprehensive . Kinda ... cheap looking . The rains came in , the fire went out and the others went their own way . My sisters friend and I went in my tent . By this time it was coming down pretty hard and 20 minutes later after some good talking it started to leak down the side . On both sides . she pretty much laughed it off at first but then kinda got irritated as it was pooling in the corner . It slowed a bit finally and she wound up in my sister 's tent . The next day on the way home my sister asked why I bought that thing and rolled her eyes . I hate you Eureka .
 Yes , this looks like it would be loads of fun but it really is n't . It 's not at all like a trampoline because , in spite of what is advertised , most of the jumping energy is absorbed by the water . In addition , it 's not built to withstand normal exposure to weather and sunlight . We have it anchored in the middle of a small fresh water pond in a mild climate -LRB- Alabama -RRB- . Our ladder attachments deteriorated at the start of the second season . I was able to repair that with a hand stitcher but then the trampoline ring attachments , spring cushion and springs disintegrated and that was beyond repair . Overall , I guess I could say we got maybe 2 seasons of `` light '' use out of it -- I 'm estimating about 25 cents per bounce . On a positive note , the inflatable ring part still holds air so we use it like a giant -LRB- rather expensive -RRB- inner tube . By contrast , we also bought one of those inexpensive -LRB- land -RRB- trampolines at the same time and it 's still in fine shape . BTW - that `` Lifetime Warranty '' is laughable . RAVE Customer Service quickly and conveniently decided that this was `` normal wear '' and was not covered . They would n't even return our follow-up calls . Shameful .
 I 've been using one of these for two years now . Until recently it worked great . While I did have an occasional glitch , that I think might have been due to wireless driveway alert systems , it was pretty much flawless ... Until it started pausing due to 0 MPH while I was riding . It has become increasingly worse over the last month and since it 's losing .2 to .5 miles on previously ridden 10 to 30 mile courses , is essentially useless as anything other than an HRM.I confirmed the magnet and sensor are set to specs . The sensor to computer distance is also within specs , and worked fine for 2 years . I emailed Polar service about the problem , no reply . I 've bought a new speed sensor , still glitches . I 've changed the battery in the computer , still glitches . At this point it appears the computer itself is bad , which means I 'm going to be without one for who knows how long while I wait for Polar service to take a look at it .
 Bought it for a Trek 4500 mountain bike . The heart rate monitor worked with no problems . But the speed sensor would not work on my bike . The manual said it might not and it certainly did n't .
 This is my second Polar.I have a cheap entry level model on my mountain bike , which works flawleslly.This model is ` nt good . - The buttons are extra stiff , and with full gloves are really hard to operate during cycling . - The first batery had to be replaced after a week , although fully charged , otherwise the unit did ` nt work ! ... so I had to waste time on that . - the thing takes ages to give a good and stable heart reading . - it looses reading when it feels like it , in mid practice , whenever . - non of this happens with their cheapo model I have . - to sum up - junk . - oh , and it has a very anoying beep , confirming everything it does .
 I am tired of Polar . Their stuff just does n't work well at all . First I tried their F6 heart rate monitor watch , and it constantly said my heart rate was in the 200 's during moderate workouts . Then I got a deal on this computer and thought I would give it a try . Well unless you can get the magnet right next to the Huge Polar fork mounted sensor , you will not get a reading . I have to have my magnet and the sensor both angled inward so they 're about 1/8 '' apart . That 's ridiculous . Not only is it not aerodynamic , it looks stupid . In addition , you better have your handlebars very low and close to the fork sensor , or you wont get any readings . Why build a wireless sensing system that does n't work . Well , do n't buy this one . I learned my lesson !
 This unit did not work with my mountain bike because the speed sensor transmitter is so weak that it barely works on a bike with no front suspension . I mounted the sensor as high as I could but I could not get it to work consistently . I sent it to Polar hoping it was a defect and they stood behind it . They sent it back and assured me that it was working fine . I called Polar and they seemed unsurprised and unconcerned that it did not work on a mountain bike . I had to upgrade to the Polar CS600 which has much better communication between the speed sensor and computer . It transmits on a different frequency . I guess I was hooked on having everything in one unit . I had the separate HRM , computer , and altimeter , but it is so nice to have them consolidated into one that I paid 3X for the CS600 . The WearLink strap for the CS600 -LRB- chest -RRB- transmitter only lasts one year . I replaced the second one just inside the two year warranty . Polar service is slow so I was ready the second time . I purchased a spare WearLink strap from Amazon , so I did n't mind waiting 3 weeks for Polar to replace the strap . I also sent only the strap the second time , rather than everything - as they requested .
 I am one of those who likes to see all the little facts and figures to show progress of my workouts . I purchased a POLAR product because I have had good luck with this brand in the past . However , this model -LRB- CS100 -RRB- is one I can not recommend . If you chuck down $ 100 + for a bike computer , you would expect it to work properly . I doubled and triple checked the installation -LRB- very straight forward -RRB- and everything is correct . I think the engineers need to go back to the drawing board.Pluses : * Very Easy Installation * Fairly solid construction & design * Instruction manual is well writtenMinus : * Looses speed signal often * Rarely registers any speed below 8 mph . * Online Customer Support/Warranty support not great .
 Bought the CS100 with 2 speed sensors - one for each of my road and mountain bikes . The performance on one is inconsistent - on the other it simply does n't work . Have replaced both with basic computers , and wear a separate -LRB- NON-Polar !! -RRB- HRM .
 I have had a polar fitness watch for two years now that I have been very satisfied with . When my husband gave me this cycling computer for my birthday I was completely surprised and ecstatic . I immediately ran outside to install it . After 1.5 hours of trying to get a speed reading to appear we determined that the unit was broken . Based on reviews on other sites it is most likely the battery in the sensor is dead . Either way , too much of my life was wasted on this product . When there are many better ones out there . That being said , I did give it two stars because I do n't have any reason to believe that every unit shipped is defective and if you get a working one it 's probably ok .
 This is a simple little sheath , the quality is just OK ... BUT ... beware of this rip off store . They charged me $ 20 for shipping !!!!!!!!!! Total rip off . I did ` nt even get `` expedited '' delivery . It arrived AFTER V'day . Sign me , Very P *** ed off customer . Will never purchase from this store again .
 I did not need tio but this but was lead to because of the `` frequently bought together '' lead . The knife came with a sheath and I did not need to buy another one but because of that I added one and did not need it .
 I purchased this to replace my Orignal Sheath that was worn . The one I received was of a cheaper material and the pocket was not cut the same as the original . It was hard to insert and remove and the flap would only close after I forcefully shoved my knife in the holder . I would look elsewhere for a replacement .
 This board is flimsy and feels cheap . 3rd dart I threw hit the scoring window and cracked it .
 The zippers do n't rattle and the cordura is quite heavy-duty , but they inexplicably used a continuous piece of cloth for the top strap . This happens to collide with the lugs for my brake cable , so I ca n't even mount it on my bike . If they had used several smaller straps , it would not matter if one or two collide with a lug . Also , it is divided into a smaller side pocket and a main pocket . I find this ridiculous in a bag this small -LRB- cuts down on the usable space -RRB- , but some people may enjoy that feature .
 frail material , poor design.plastic with difficult to use latches . each arm or bipod must slowly be muscled into place while taking care not to break the thing . every adjustmnt is time consuming . Worst Bi pod i have owned . it is going back .
 I bought this for use on a daily-carry folding knife that has high-carbon steel -LRB- meaning that despite being ` stainless ' it will rust relatively easily over time when carried in a pocket -RRB- . My hope was to keep the blade coated in Dri-Lube full time to avoid rust while keeping lint from sticking to the blade.The reason this gets two stars , rather than one , if because it works . It will lubricate . It will keep lint from sticking . It will not leave oily residue on your fingers.The reason it only gets two stars is because it does not evaporate to a clear , even finish as I was anticipating based on the description . It does evaporate off the blade once sprayed on , but it leaves white , blotchy residue on the knife , akin to wax , but much harder to remove . If I was going to store a knife long term , this might be a viable option . In that case however , I 'd have no qualms using a normal oil.For use on a knife blade , I recommend against this . I tried it on three different blades of different steels , from various distances and thicknesses.For hinges and area where metal rubs on metal , this might be a good choice . It will scrape off too easily for heavy rubbing surfaces though . Not suitable for firearms .
 I had a small Eureka tent for about 10 years and it was great . Just weeks ago I bought the Tetragon 1210 and went for a camping trip . It was leaking water even during light rain . Probably through a place where the zippers meet in a corner . I wrote to Eureka , but got no response . When I called the customer service , the were not really friendly ant told me , that even when I had the tent for 2 weeks , the zippers are not covered through the warranty and I have to pay for their replacement , which will take several weeks . Surprisingly the person did not realy care , ` that their tent with advertised storm shield is leaking .
 I bought this tent because in the past I have had great luck with Eureka products . Having said that , this one has been a bit of a disappointment . I bought this specific model because it was the best I could afford with as full a rain fly as I could find . In my humble opinion , if tent seams need to be sealed ... they should be taped and sealed at the factory . The floor seams are , why would n't the rest of the exposed seams not get the same treatment ? Yes , we got wet ! Silly me thinking that a tent would be able to withstand some rain showers ... what was I thinking ? Clearly , albeit on the back of the set up instructions , it does say you need to seal the seams . So I ran out and bought the sealer they recommend ... not cheap at almost $ 8.00 a tube . I am now on my third tube and I still get leaks.My second complaint with this product is the parent company ... I have tried several times to contact them through their web based customer support . They have not responded.In the past I have sworn by Eureka products , even had a Timberline 3-man that survived gale force winds and rain off the coast of Canada . My faith has been shaken though by this experience . This is a good tent if all you do is camp in beautiful weather . Myself , I live , and camp , in New England ... my next ten WILL have a full rain fly .
 The short story
 The set is fine , however the crate was completely busted up . I will think twice before I order an item so heavy for it was not packed well at all . I was going to try and get a refund , but I am not going to pay to have it returned . However , if the `` Powers that be '' might receive this e-mail - a new crate or bag would be wonderful.An Amazon Patron , Iris
 Our son wanted an Under Armour Hooded Sweatshirt for Christmas with a draw string . We found one on your site and ordered it . When we got it we found that it did not have a draw string as advertised . We contacted you and sent a photo of the item to show how it was advertised on your site and we were told they did not carry this item with a draw string . That being the case it should not have been listed on your site showing that it had a draw string .
 I have shopped on Amazon for a long time and this is the first time I have been disappointed . I ordered what I thought was a BOYS size medium hoodie , but upon arrival it is a MEN 's medium ; not what I was expecting at all based on the item title . That said , it is an amazingly well made product and feels very warm . Amazon needs to do something about the title of this item since a Men 's medium will not fit my 12 year old and now I have the hassle of returning it .
 I do n't believe this is an authentic piece . Different material . Different size . Disappointed with purchase . I should have returned for my money back .
 Company Under Armour &#34; Ua &#34; sent the wrong size . Problem is I have to pay the postage to . Return it
 I ordered this hoodie in the hopes of wearing it on my trip to colorado for christmas . There was a couple of things that disappointed me about the item
 The same thing happened to me using this product as happened to the previous reviewer . For all the quality products Lodge makes , this one is garbage . I learned that the hard way when the handle came unlocked as I emptied hot french fries out of it . The fries came within centimeters of scalding my hand . And I could n't believe the catch was not wide enough to rest on the side of the very dutch oven for which it was designed ! I 'm going to get a basket whose handle does not fold into the basket for easy storage . I 'll take the loss of a little more storage space over a trip to the burn unit any day . If I can find the receipt this one is going back . Problem is I think I threw it away . Aaarrgghh !
 This is a poorly designed basket . Handle has no ` catch ' in the use position . Handle freely flops backwards and forward -LRB- into the loaded basket -RRB- . The ` catch ' that allows the basket to sit on the top rim -LRB- while draining the fried food -RRB- does not fit on the rim . Had to use pliers to pull it out some and it still wobbles .
 Received item well packaged from Amazon . Two places on basket had broken or missing wires . I ran it through the dishwasher before using it . The basket came out with rust everywhere the fine wire is welded long the support frame and the handle . I brought from lodge expecting better quality than this . This is what I would expect from a cheap China import . I figure I 'll have to find a replacement within a year of use .
 Nickle plated , not stainless . This will rust if you let it air dry or put it in the dishwasher . For the same money , buy a stainless steel basket
 I purchased the timex bodylink system about 6 months ago and it has been a very negative experience . GPS system is the weak link - satellite acquisition time is more like 15 minutes -LRB- if at all -RRB- and you can expect frequent interruptions through the course of your run , with all data lost as a result.The watch itself is not exactly durable - mine showed paint scuffing within one month of purchase and all button labels had peeled off by month three - given the all I do is run and work in an office it seems like there is a quality problem here.The idea of an integrated system to monitor speed/distance and time is a big draw for most runners/cyclists but do yourself a favor and get something from a GPS focused company or else prepare yourself for disappointment.Timex 's warranty people were less than helpful - the attitude was basically `` not our problem - see the disclaimers in your bodylink manual '' . Bottom-line , ignore the fluff reviews planted here by sellers and either pay up for the real deal or stick to a more affordable watch/heart rate monitor system .
 I could not have been more exited when this technological marvel arrived . The first thing that I noticed was that the watch is extremely lightweight . I question whether the watch could take the punishment usually associated with trail running . Since I sent the system back , I will never know . Upon hitting the track , -LRB- a 3 mile loop -RRB- , the GPS system never functioned despite all outward indications of working properly . The heart monitor would lose signals for moments at at time . Before my next run , I sat down and went through the instructions again to make sure I was not doing anything wrong . I took the system out for a second and third run and had the same results . I shipped it back and went back to running my trusty Suunto Altimax .
 I train 15 hours a week and I ca n't count on this device . I 've been through 3 non-water resistant -LRB- despite timex claims otherwise -RRB- watches . My heart rate monitor is sporadic and was pegged at 240 beats per minute for over an hour during my run yesterday . Oh , and to add insult to injury . THE GPS stopped working mid way through my run too . I wasted money . The Timex -LRB- lack of -RRB- customer service department tells me I can send it in AGAIN to the `` hotline watch service '' and wait `` WEEKS '' for it to come back fixed . If you buy this device , then do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I ordered this item with the hopes of great fun for a school fall festival . The bowling idea was a great hit.Unfortunatley the styrofoam bowling pins DID NOT hold up to this kind of heavy play . The necks of the pins all began to break half way through the festival . It is my feeling for the high price I paid for this fun game The Styrofoam Bowling Game was not worth the money .
 After a lot of research , I decided on this tent because of the many favorable reviews I saw and Eureka 's reputation for good tents . I am now tent shopping again -LRB- this one is two weeks old and has not gone on a single camping trip yet -RRB- ... Simply put
 I 've had a Eureka tent for some time -LRB- 20 + years -RRB- and I 've used it about a dozen times . The tent is in excellent !!! shape -LRB- Always had tarps on the ground and inside on the floor -RRB- . Recently , the waterproofing started to break down and the fabric has become sticky . I contacted Eureka and they will not replace or recoat the fabrics as they said it is part of the natural breakdown of the fabric 's waterproofing and not covered under their warranty . Their warranty makes reference to not covering wear and tear and exposure type defects but my tent has been `` stored indoors in the original bag '' . Ahh , says Eureka , the tent has been stored in it 's original bag and that accelerates the breakdown hence they are not responsible . To bad the bag does not say somethng like `` do not store tent in bag `` Bottom line , great tent but do n't expect much from their warranty .
 The actual interior dimensions of this tent are 9 feet by 9 feet , not 11 by 11 as we were led to believe . We had to return the tent because it was too small for our needs .
 This stool folds very compact and has a nice bag for storage . Stretching the seat to snap in place between the arms is difficult , and I have resorted to getting it lined up on the floor and stepping on it to get it to stretch that last bit and pop in place . With use it may stretch out a bit and get easier.The legs do not lock in the open position , and it can get very tipsy very quickly if they are not spread all the way . Leaning to the sides also causes the arms to flex around , leaving you to wonder if it is going come apart -LRB- it never did -RRB- . It is a clever design but probably left best for temporary use , like when you need an extra seat in the camper to accommodate guests .
 I got the Tri-Lite folding stool for our upcoming Disney trip . Not for me , but for my elderly Mother-in-law . I wanted something small enough for me to carry around the park without too much inconvenience , but that I could assemble for Mom when we were going to be watching parades or whatever , so she would not need to stand for too long a time . The stool came today , in a tiny package . I unfolded it and tried it out . It is kind of tippy , but if you sit up straight , and refrain from fidgeting , You will be OK . My 10yo son tried it . He pronounced it `` too small '' . My wife was next . Before I go farther , I must briefly describe my wife
 Having finished a 4 day backpacking trip with 2 of these stools the results are 1 stool still existing and 7 falls . We had 2 families on the trip and 4 types of stools . Though this stool was compact and lightweight , it was very fragile and difficult to balance on . The 15 year old boy was able to catch himself before falling from this stool , but 3 adults found themselves on the ground frequently . One finally snapped in half while someone was sitting in it . Recommended only for very small or lightweight people -LRB- under 125 lbs . -RRB- to use as a light , short term seating where you conciously use your legs to stay balanced .
 I have yet to try it as it did n't ship with a hose . Really ??? How do you ship this without a hose ?
 First off , the model number of this cot is for the aluminum railed version and not the wooden railed version as in the picture . Byer made a great cot with the wooden railed version for many years . It was available in two different lengths and two different widths . I still own several of these great cots and consider them among the most comfortable I 've ever tried . When I needed a new cot I was disappointed to find out that the wooden rail had been replaced with aluminum . I purchased one of the aluminum railed versions anyway , and before it was even used the four black plastic caps in the ends of the rails had fallen out and needed to be pop riveted to hold them in place . The spring steel legs have way more tension than the original cot 's legs . They are very difficult to install.Three months ago , I sent an e-mail to Byer , expressing my dissatisfaction with the new version of this product . I 've yet to hear back from them . A response must be difficult when the new version of a product is not as good as the old.I 'll be looking at Byer 's competition 's product the next time I need a cot .
 Had hoped this would work well but after just two weeks , it started to sag in the middle . I 'd recommend that you look elsewhere ...
 I ended up returning this after opening it and trying to put it together . It was way too difficult to bend the metal pieces and get them into their slots .
 I took this cot camping and it ripped on the first of 2 nights . I do n't know if the one I received was defective ? The reviews for this product were great but I am really disappointed .
 We bought 2 two of these to use on an extended trip that including considerable overnight camping . The cots set up easily but my wife was not strong enough to insert the supports . The rating of 225 lbs . is too high . We both hit bottom with our hips and one began to rip its fabric . I 'd say they are good for people under 150 lbs . We will use them for our grandchildren to sleep on .
 I did n't notice immediately since my 3 year old was sleeping on it , but after a few days I noticed that the entire cot was not square . The fabric was not cut parallel to the weave of the fabric . This causes the side beams to be slightly closer to each other which means the fabric is not stretched enough . As a result my 150lbs body touches the cross beams when I lay on it.I like the simple system . I like the fact that it is light weight and compact . But the design will only work if the fabric is cut straight . I 'm going to return mine and try again .
 This cot would be worse than sleeping on the ground , very flimsy to say the least.very low to the ground too .
 yeah , if I 'd read the description carefully , I suppose I 'd have known . but this cot is NOT a backpacking cot . It 's way too large and heavy . it 's basically the same as the larger version I have -LRB- army style aluminum cot -RRB- , but without the legs . it 's HEAVY and also quite large even when folded up . way too large to attach to a backpack . I did n't expect a super lightwight cot , but I did expect something a little smaller when folded.given what it is , I 'd rather have the full height version !
 A comfortable cot , until a design flaw < side bars made of metal , not wood > made the wire support structures fail . I retured it . Not a lot of use before it failed .
 DO not reccommend unless you plan to wear a t shirt or some kind of undershirt with this polo . : - -LRB-
 These will NOT fit a standard weaver or picatinny rail ... they are for 3/8 '' dovetail mounts and I just wasted my money . Be foreworned-apparently I missed the 22 part but the description talks about weaver mounts so idk .
 I own 6 of these models.I bought 2 more and they changed the design.They now have created a real piece of junk.Most all the time the bail wo n't close by itself when turning the crank.If you use a bobber stop on your line once it goes over the roller there is n't enough clearance to go past the trigger.Have to take trigger off and file the bottom to give it more clearance.Great improvement Shimano , keep up the good work ! I 'll never buy another Shimano product again .
 I purchased this for my husband . Unfortunately it did not fit his streamlight scorpion flashlight . We had to return it ... which was no problem ... but very disappointed .
 These will NOT fit a standard weaver or picatinny rail ... they are for 3/8 '' dovetail mounts and I just wasted my money . Be foreworned-apparently I missed the 22 part but the description talks about weaver mounts so idk .
 Yuck . I purchased this to just hold the piles of UNO cards . This dopey thing spins all around when you pick up card , and the same when you discard . I 'm going to try and remove the spinner on the bottom , because it is nuisance with it .
 We gave one or these to our neighbors who we play cards with a lot . After a few uses , the revolving mechanism fell apart and the ball bearings fell out . Kind of embarrassing . I had tried to find one without the revolving mechanism but could not find what I wanted so I settled on this one . Big mistake .
 Took it out of box , put on table , did not turn , picked it up and litttle black pieces came off . Not happy .
 Appears to be poor quality plastic ; never had opportunity to use it as it arrived broken and in several pieces.Service is good as there were no problems in my request for return .
 It is not the fault of the seller , but the extra revolving pedestal makes the decks of cards tip over.What a useless additiion .
 I would not advise anyone to buy this tent . The overall quality is very low.There were no instructions and even the pole identifiers were only pieces of paper glued to each pole section and several had fallen off , leaving me to figure out where they went . My overall feeling was that this product was madewith the cheapest materials possible and still being able to call it a tent .
 Relatively good product . Have to worry about oiling occasionally . The metal tends to rust.the product should have made from Non-rusting metal .
 These will NOT fit a standard weaver or picatinny rail ... they are for 3/8 '' dovetail mounts and I just wasted my money . Be foreworned-apparently I missed the 22 part but the description talks about weaver mounts so idk .
 When I first saw this item it was a very nice SPALDING ball & net . I was very interested , nice price . After I bought the item I went back and noticed the picture had changed to a different ball and net . Contacted the seller and they said they sold all different types . Maybe they should have put that in the first place instead of saying it was SPALDING . When I received the item , which shipped quickly , I said okay its fine we can make it work . They ball is kind of cheaply made , just saying , loses air very quickly . I 've had the net for a couple of weeks , maybe a month and my daughter was playing volleyball with a friend , she hit the ball and it landed on top of the net and fell straight to the ground , after hitting the top it ripped the side so now we will have to duct tape it somehow . I do not recommend this , they lied about the brand , and it is very cheaply made . Just letting everyone know the truth .
 I was unhappy when I received the cards because I had planned a bingo party with decorations around the color of the bingo card , `` RED '' . To my surprise when I received the cards they were bright orange . This is not good ! I even purchased the red bingo chips to go with the cards , they looked terrible for my party , orange cards with red chips .
 I tried this so-called `` large '' case for my Mossberg 500A . The gun fit pretty snugly , but it did fit . But adding a sidesaddle made the case practically impossible to close ; I can force the zipper past the bulge , but the case becomes distorted and strained , and probably would n't last through too many openings and closings . If you have absolutely no add-ons -LRB- sidesaddle , scope , red dot sight , flashlight , etc. -RRB- then this will probably fit your gun . If you have anything extra on it , go with something bigger .
 I was very disappointed with these binoculars from the moment I took them out of the box . Overall , they felt to me to be much of much less quality than the previous reviews led me to believe . I found them to have a nice and acceptable image when used , but because of the casing I found the binoculars to be very uncomfortable to handle . The strap and case I found to be cheaply made , as well . I also found that the only rubber protection is the green colored casing . The black is hard plastic which I feel will be vulnerable to damage when used . I have since found a much better pair of compact binoculars , the Pentax UCF-R , which I enjoy much better and I feel are much better made . The Alpens have since been re-gifted !
 I would love to be able to say how much daughter loves riding her new bicycle , but we still can not get it assembled after several tries and one try by a neighbor . Not only that , but our phone call to Huffy customer service to request a replacement of a small metal shaft that holds the pedal on was a horrible experience . They were very rude and reluctant to be helpful . Hopefully , we will eventually get this part and get going .
 Item is very cheaply made worth about $ 3.00 . I wear a size 8 men 's shoe and it barely fits my foot . Also the seam is very noticeable . Afraid to wash if they shrink would n't fit my 5 year old grandson .
 One of the other reviewers is right
 The Franklin Youth Golf set arrived damaged/defective . I noticed one of the clubs was broken and heard pieces rattling around inside the plastic packaging . I immediately contacted the seller and explained the situation . I requested a refund since I felt a golf club set that could n't make it safely through the mail did n't have a chance with an excited three year old on Christmas day . I was instructed to ship the damaged product back to them via Fed-Ex or UPS . I sent and paid for UPS to return the damaged item . For a month , I did n't receive any response nor refund from the seller . I contacted Amazon customer service to have them help me retrieve the cost of the item and the initial shipping cost . It was only after this that I received a refund for the item and initial shipping cost , but not for the UPS cost . I let Amazon know this , and I was contacted by the seller . I provided information as to where they could mail my refund . As of this date , I have yet to receive any refund for UPS shipping costs to send their damaged item back to them . I do n't feel it is a customers responsibility to cover the cost of mailing damaged items back to them . Please save yourself some hassle , select a different product from a different seller .
 I purchased two of these items . While fishing in Colorado the first rod broke at the 2nd joint . I thought it was a material defect on one rod . Shortly afterward while I was fishing the second rod broke in the same place . I do n't know where these were manufactured , but they are inferior products .
 I bought this at Gander mountain two years ago.Today I set it up for the first time as my children are coming for a visit.Get this , the rod broke as I was setting the drag on the reel , pulling the line with my hand !! BTW , the drag was so loose that it was difficult to reel in the extra line.Completely unacceptable.I will write to manufacturer and let you know the results .
 The reel does not fit snugly into the plastic handle of the pole.I went to cast and the whole pole flew int the lake !!! It was a nightmare @ 9,500 ' back-packing with this rod.I say there are better ways to fish with better rigs .
 We bought this so that my husband and I could take our bikes and our two kids ' bikes -LRB- both 20-inch -RRB- to local trails . The bike rack was reasonably easy to assemble , apart from getting the rubber straps that secure the bikes to the rack on . On the one hand , we did n't mind that so much as we knew that meant the straps would n't be likely to come off easily during use . On the other hand , we wondered how difficult it would be to secure and remove bikes once we 'd put them on the rack.We had to purchase adapters at $ 35 each for our two 20-inch bikes , so keep that potential expense in mind . The adapters were easy to use.Once we began putting the bikes on , we quickly realized that securing the bikes and removing them with the rubber straps was going to be a big pain every single time . To load a bike , it 's important to make sure the cradles and straps are positioned such that they do n't get in the way as you are loading the bike . After more than one bike is on , getting access to the rubber straps and pins to which they are fastened is difficult . When not in use , there 's no way to fold down the arms on which the bikes sit , so the choice is to have a many inch extension on the back of your vehicle or remove the rack , which is also kind of a pain as it screws into the hitch.We were so frustrated with this bike rack that we decided to return it . In full disclosure , however , a large part of our frustration is that we have been using theSARIS CYCLE ON PRO HITCH RACK 2 BIKEfor a few years . Use could n't be easier , the bikes are secure , and the rack folds up when not in use . The one we have only holds two bikes , though , so we 'll continue the search for a 4-bike rack.This rack might be okay for long trips where loading and unloading would be infrequent , but for our planned use -- regular trips to local trails , it just did n't make sense .
 The description and picture submitted for this item leads you to think there are 2 steps for the purchase price . There is only 1 and for 29.00 + $ 11.00 to ship it is ridiculous . I thought I was getting a good deal now I know better . I 'll think twice before ordering here again .
 The description and picture submitted for this item leads you to think there are 2 steps for the purchase price . There is only 1 and for 29.00 ... . so sad that they make yoy think you are getting 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! never again
 I needed a step system that had a height of 14 inches . The High-Step Club seemed to fit the bill . According to the Amazon.com ad -LRB- The High-Step Club -RRB- , this step system provided adjustable heights from 4 to 14 inches . However when the High-Step Club arrived , it was only 12 inches high , 2 inches less than promised and 2 inches less than I need . If additional risers are required to get the full 14 inches , the ad should have said so .
 It is half the size , but the pictures did n't make that clear . I 'm sure my fault for not reading further into it . And the return policy seemed to difficult to even bother . REally Dissappointed !
 ... got ta give it a one-star , for the simple fact that it says 14 inches and is only 12 . Get it right , or do n't say anything.J
 Be careful . Model Number says PC 10 10-Foot power cable . Got package and it says it is a 6 foot cable , same thing that comes in the box with the Hummingbird GPS/Fishfinder unit .
 Awful !!!!!!!!!! I needed this for a prop . When I received it , the leather was torn , and it was very flimsy !!! I bought a different riding crop from elsewhere for the same price , and it was 100 % better !!! Do n't purchase this garbage ; even if it is just a prop . Giving this crop one star is much too generous .
 The color even started to come off !!!! What is that its so flimsy it unbelievable and notto mention it looks like it will break any second Not worth 1 penny AT ALL
 I would have to completely review with everyone who reviewed this product except for `` WHIP IT GOOD . '' Did n't even get a chance to use it properly before the tip broke . It arrived with cracked leather and missing paint , very cheap not worth even the five bucks it 's listed at .
 A terrible product . There'is nothing sexy about this product ... it smells bad , feels bad , looks bad . If you bend it it stays bent at a 90 % angle , which suggests it has wire down the center or worse a coat hanger . I think this is just a terrible product that actually has the ability to seriously hurt someone if you believe the lie that it is all leather .
 I whip my sub with it and it unraveled this is a cheap item.I was very unhappy also with the so called leather they used to make it hard and cheap .
 this product started to fall apart after only a few swings . After a week of use the tip fell off . It would be fine for one time bedroom play but nothing else .
 I really should have read the reviews before purchasing . &#34; Genuine Leather Riding Crop Whip &#34; does not imply &#34; flimsy faux leather strip braided around cardboard . &#34; DO NOT PURCHASE FOR BDSM USE . If you 're looking for a costume accessory , this is for you . Horrible purchase on my part .
 this item was cheap , and good thing cuz the quality is garbage . I suppose it would work as a costume prop , but you get what you pay for I suppose .
 not for any one if u want a whip that u can use several time but not a long time , this is for u. its not that flexible and mine broke after 2 weeks .
 I bought this with the intention of some kinky fun . One look at it I could tell it was a flimsy piece of crap . I will not be using it for its intended purpose . It makes a good prop piece for stage productions but other than that , buy a real one .
 The quality on this product is very poor . the &#34; leather tip &#34; is made out of very cheap product , paper almost .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . I ordered a riding crop and instead received what looks to be a miniature cat o nine , WHAT NERVE !!!! Totally different from what is in the picture . Thats what I get for not reading the reviews . I would give it no stars if I could .
 Flimsy . Good handle , but the leather is rough , and not the good kind . The tip is sad and weak and well ... limp.It 's not exactly the most visually pleasing one either . The loop at the end feels like it would give out in a second .
 The Chips probably have Metal Clanks inside , too heavy - not ideal for playing at home !
 pleae do not buy this . spend a few more bucks and get something that lasts . this wil work but will eventually fade out . getting your moneys worth . beware .
 I bought this with the intention to use it at a rock climbing gym , however , upon getting it , i noticed that there is no belay loop . I really wish the description was more clear when I was buying it . To keep this short , I 'm returning it.For those who do n't know what a belay look is , this would provide some information ; -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this harness like most people do because it was the cheapest available on Amazon . I personally thought it worked fine -LRB- if just a little weird -RRB- until I experienced my first serious crash with it . Because it lacks the belay loop in the middle -- a strong loop usually in a bright color right in the middle of the crotch , in case you want to compare to other harnesses -- there is no fixture in the harness to prevent your body from spinning to one side while in a serious fall . I wound up landing with my belay partner several feet above me , which does happen in rock climbing , but on my side and out of control . The rock gym people then told me that I was n't allowed to use this type of `` Bod '' harness and gave me a loaner.So in toto , I think it 's a harness that does the job , but does have some risk involved and probably wo n't be acceptable to your local rock gym . Sorry -- got ta spring for the harness that 's 10 $ more .
 A big part of why we choose this sword was the shoulder sheath . The sheath was cheaply constructed , and after one week the tip pokes out of the end.The sword itself is great . But we 're not happy that we ca n't use the shealth .
 When I received the sword in the mail I was overjoyed but when it came time to open the package I found a piece of junk . I did n't expect much from from buying a cheap sword but this was outright wrong . The hilt was tarnished beyond all get out , there were a dozen or so unsightly stains on the grip , there were deep gouges lining the metal as well as the wooden part of the hilt , the blade was crooked and covered in factory motor oil and junk , and the tip of the blade was misshapen ! The sword did n't fit into the sheath , and the snaps that are supposed to hold the sword in the sheath would n't even snap together ! The only nice thing about this purchase was the sheath because I can nothing wrong with it . I will not give a rating to this because of this event and I advise anyone thinking about getting this sword to look for a different one or at least find a retailer that gives a darn about the swords they are selling . -LRB- I 'm not talking about Amazon , Amazon is the best place to shop for things -RRB-
 I got my set on Tuesday around 10:00 A.M. and by 7:00 that night the rabbit 's foot on the squeegee was falling apart in my hand and the first rubber disc came off and got stuck in the middle of my barrel . Just as previous reviewers say the foot is just to big , when i put it in my barrel i had to wrap it around my hand and pull very hard . The only reason i did n't score this with a one was the swab it is well made and does its job .
 I got this set Monday night . Played a little paintball on Tuesday and was excited about using my new cleaning set . The swab is pretty good . I just wish the fluffy stuff were a little thicker maybe . The squeegee , on the other hand , was a total failure . First of all , the cotton swab , or `` rabbit 's foot , '' at the end of the cord was just way too thick to go into my barrel . I thought that pruning the foot to make it smaller would do the trick . This was not an easy thing to do since the cotton is very sturdy . After a while of pruning the foot I decided it was time to try it out . I ran one end of the squeegee through the barrel , did n't even pull that hard when the cotton foot came flying off along with the rubber disks and spacers on the cord . I called the manufacturer and they said they discontinued that product two years ago , but they would send me the current one they have or one of better quality.Bottom line , get something other than this .
 I gave this 1 star because it was to freaking big it 's almost made for a real Shot Gun barrel or something do n't waist your money i broke mine trying to fit it in my Tippman !
 I got this new set hoping for a perfectly clean barrel after every play . Soon after i recieved it i realized the `` rabbit 's foot '' didnt fit in my barrel and it angered me incredibly bad . I trimmed the stupid cotton off for about twenty minutes , leaving a mess of dust and fabric in the air , and a lot of residue in my barrel . The cotton swab works very well though , and overall the squeege does remove the leftover paint . BOTTOM LINE
 I did n't expect this knife to be soo small . As an owner of other Swiss Army knives I had higher expectaction about quality . The scissors is to small to be at all useful . I did n't realized it lacked a toothpick . Even the tweezers use metal so thin that it makes it not at all functional . Frankly , it 's cute but a waste of money . I would say it 's only slightly better than a Cracker Jack toy .
 I bought this with the intention to use it at a rock climbing gym , however , upon getting it , i noticed that there is no belay loop . I really wish the description was more clear when I was buying it . To keep this short , I 'm returning it.For those who do n't know what a belay look is , this would provide some information ; -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this harness like most people do because it was the cheapest available on Amazon . I personally thought it worked fine -LRB- if just a little weird -RRB- until I experienced my first serious crash with it . Because it lacks the belay loop in the middle -- a strong loop usually in a bright color right in the middle of the crotch , in case you want to compare to other harnesses -- there is no fixture in the harness to prevent your body from spinning to one side while in a serious fall . I wound up landing with my belay partner several feet above me , which does happen in rock climbing , but on my side and out of control . The rock gym people then told me that I was n't allowed to use this type of `` Bod '' harness and gave me a loaner.So in toto , I think it 's a harness that does the job , but does have some risk involved and probably wo n't be acceptable to your local rock gym . Sorry -- got ta spring for the harness that 's 10 $ more .
 when i ordered these grips for my daughter i thought that they looked pink so that was why we got them when they came they turned out to be grey and the finger holes were much to small i tried them at gymnastics and they ended up making her fingers bleed so i ended up just buying another pair of grips where we could try them on and they turned out to be much better so unless your looking for faliure grips i suggest you do n't buy these
 when i ordered these grips for my daughter i thought that they looked pink so that was why we got them when they came they turned out to be grey and the finger holes were much to small i tried them at gymnastics and they ended up making her fingers bleed so i ended up just buying another pair of grips where we could try them on and they turned out to be much better so unless your looking for faliure grips i suggest you do n't buy these
 The seat cover is made of flimsy material and does not stay on the seat .
 These are a joke . It is just a large piece of EXTREMELY thin terrycloth with some elastic sewn to the edge . There is no shape . I also expected two seat covers in the package at this price too , but $ 41 is only for one . Not a good value . You would be better off simply laying a beach towel over the seat than this .
 I do n't like the product because it is hand tightened , not wrench tightened . That means the rollers come off the boat as you are rolling it off ; right when you need them , they fail . The idea is good but the final product is not what you expect .
 Can not really rate . Did not fit truck ! For some reason it was supposed to fit but did not . Had to return .
 I invested hundreds in the whole Yakima rack , these rollers , a couple of saddles and a bunch of locks , and am not happy . Using the rollers with my 12-foot SOT , they spun on the crossbars when lifting the yak up there and gouged the top of my car . I see no advantage to these over the saddles , but , then , I do n't like the saddles much either . Too much installation time , and they look goofy without a yak in them . Instead I stored the rollers and saddles in my garage and now use the foam blocks on my rack . They 're not perfect either , but installation is a matter of minutes , they do n't damage my car , and they 're cheap -LRB- unless you 've already thrown money at the rollers and saddles -RRB- . I do n't understand all the 5-star reviews here for these rollers . Maybe for small kayaks ? Even then , does n't make sense .
 I ordered this with the spade design . But what I got was a very PLAIN looking timer instead . I guess it will still work . . but I just wish merchants would use the correct pictures for what they actually SEND . This happened to us once before on Amazon .
 I am 165 lbs and was very careful getting in and out . It just exploded after about five uses . Junk ,
 Please , save $ 15 and do NOT BY THIS HAMMOCK!This hammock was used about 2 times before it completely snapped . It is falsely advertised as being able to hold 250 pounds . I weigh exactly 145.62 lbs -LRB- just went to the ER a few days ago and had it checked -RRB- . This was a nice light hammock , but it snapped after maybe 1 hour of total use . These hammocks are light and poorly made , and you definitely get what you want for $ 15
 Just bought this and somewhat disappointed . The official pictures for the product -LRB- not the user submitted ones -RRB- clearly show the tree slings . The tree slings do NOT come with this product and cost about $ 15 - $ 20 extra . So basically doubles the price of this product . Yes , I know the listing says `` hammock hanging kit not included '' but the picture clearly shows them . My fault I guess -LRB- buyer beware and all -RRB- but please do n't include pictures of other products unless they are included .
 My original review when owning this for a couple of days -LRB- I gave it 5 stars -RRB- 8/2010
 I bought this hammock based on the value . I weigh only 180 lbs and used this hammock only twice . The second time i was suspended above rocks on top of blood mountain Ga , when it split horizontally right in half dropping me on to the rocks which to say the least did not feel good . . Just pony up and buy an ENO product put it right there in your search bar . You 'll be glad you did .
 tore horizontally right down the middle where my butt rests lying down , and sent me down to the ground . I was very careful to empty pockets , keys , etc before entering it , and was in fact very careful with the hammock material in general when handling it . I dont think i ever even let it touch the ground . I weigh 200lbs , and the hammock is rated to 250 ... clearly not so . apparently i 'm not the first to have this issue . thumbs way down .
 This product is unsafe ! The very first time I used it , the knotted cord which binds the steel S-hooks to the hammock came undone , and the entire thing went plummeting down to the ground , with me still laying in it . I injured my back and hips badly because of the fall.I 'm well within the hammock 's weight limit capacity -LRB- only 110 lbs -RRB- so just be warned -- purchase/use this at your own risk ! I 'd recommend avoiding this death trap altogether !
 I was kind of upset it literally just came with the hammock and didnt come with the ties and hooks for the tree . . so when I got it for my bf for christmas I found out that I now have to buy the kit its telling me to buy .
 I am writing this review to alert people looking for a hammock . First off , prepare yourself because this hammock does not come with anything to hang it with . You need separate lines to use because it only comes with S-hooks at either end . Secondly and mostly importantly if you do end up buying it you really GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR . After two days of light use I -LRB- a 150 lbs male -RRB- fell straight through it when I went to lay down one morning while camping . So despite its claim it can take up to 250 lbs . I would n't trust it with anyone over 100 lbs . I wanted to right this review to let people know that this product is horrible , and if your looking for a long-lasting dependable hammock that has everything you are looking for right out of the package look elsewhere .
 I purchased this hammock to keep from sleeping on a cot , while I was on missions in Afghanistan . This climate is tough , and I expect things to wear out quickly , but it ripped on the 3rd night I used it.This hammock says it is rated to 250 lbs . I weigh 190 , and was very gentle with getting in and out of it . The hardware on each end seems to be capable of handling 250 lbs , and I was very impressed with the hammock when I originally recieved it . However , the nylon that the hammock is made from tore near one end after I had been laying in it for 10 minutes on the 3rd nightOverall , if you are buying a hammock for a child , or are a smaller individual , this hammock may work for you . If you are 190 lb guy who is only gon na get 3 hours of sleep anyway , I would suggest a different product .
 After reading reviews it seemed as though rope was included . HELLLLNO ! Do n't buy . You 'll have to buy an extra $ 15 of rope . Very angry and disappointed .
 I am a big guy so this hammock didnt work so well for me . I dont think it works very well for tall guys and it doesnt seem to be too strong . I received it as a gift but had to regift it . Maybe its okay for shorter people .
 I purchased this hammock to sleep in on duty days , being on a ship there are plenty of hard points to hang from . However , after 10 fantastic nights , I shifted in my hammock and ended up on the floor.I was worried about the negative reviews , and they were right , I weight 190 , and did n't have anything sharp in my pockets nor had shoes on and i still ended up on the deck . so Buyer beware ! This hammock may work for you but for me it did not .
 This hammock came without any tree ropes and ripped the first time it was entered . Too bad that the 30 day return period had lapsed befor taking it on a trip and trying it out . An email I sent to GrandTrunk has received no reply . So I have learned a $ 20 dollar lesson . Based on some other reviews here , be careful !
 I was very excited to use this product for the first time this weekend on a backpacking trip . Got it securely setup between 2 trees and tested it out in the afternoon when I was setting base camp . Evening rolls around and it was time to get some sleep . No more than 10 minutes on it , I went to turn my body and the entire hammock split right down the middle . Thud ! Hit the ground . Granted I was n't hurt and my buddies and I had a good laugh out of it for the next half hour , while I was setting a sleeping spot on the hard ground , I was very disappointed with this . It had some great reviews . And no , I ai n't a lard ass , I weigh about 150 lbs . Checked my pockets to see if I had a knife or something sharp on me that would have cut the hammock , but I was clean . Would not recommend this for the serious backpackers , if you are going to depend on this to get a good nights sleep on the trail . Spend a little more money and get a quality hammock like the ENO Hammock .
 packs small but bag is already ripping off the side after just a few uses , it did not have anything to tie it up with and when lying down you get wrapped up rather tight.Overall I would say spend more and get something that might last more than a few shorts uses . Although rated to 250 or 300 lb we heard the material start to rip at the ends with two people that combined came to about 210 lbs ... The best thing about this product is that it is light , packs very small I could not even pretend one could sleep in this .
 Bought this item after reading all the reviews and was certain that this was the appropriate hammock for my 12 year old to take to boyscout camp . The very first day the hammock ripped and that was the end of it ! Needless to say that he was very disappointed.We have applied some duct tape and will try if that works for the next camping trip . Will pay a little more next time and get something better .
 when i ordered these grips for my daughter i thought that they looked pink so that was why we got them when they came they turned out to be grey and the finger holes were much to small i tried them at gymnastics and they ended up making her fingers bleed so i ended up just buying another pair of grips where we could try them on and they turned out to be much better so unless your looking for faliure grips i suggest you do n't buy these
 Just like to say that placed an order for these starting blocks for my daughter lated December 2010 . First shipment only received chrome plate bar , emailed regarding this and new set on there way ... great we thought , excellent service and replacement on there way . This morning they arrrive only to find the same thing has happened only received the chrome plate bar , I guess nobody is checking what is inside the box before sending them out ... very disappointed as the remaining parts to these two sets of blocks must be some where ! Received email back to say will receive a refund for this ... which will be great to get the refund . But because we live on the other side of the world it is very hard to buy starting blocks . I really thought someone might of looked further into this matter to find out where the rest of the parts are ... maybe all the boxes are missing parts !
 I ordered a puma watch and the problem was that it never came . I recieved a e-mail saying that it was canceled.It had no explanation why .
 They are Not large enough , and fairly inflexible . Inelastic , Cheap , and unwearable for me . I discarded them . I would n't recommend buying them
 I wanted these socks for a trip to Europe , where I would use them daily to walk , run , and hike . I have 2 old pair of Ultimax socks that I love . My research lead me to the replacement which appeared to be these Wigwam Cool-Lite Pro socks . I had planned to buy 9 pair if I liked the one pair I ordered . As soon as we received the socks , my wife washed them for me as is my custom . They were washed with a load of other whites , including other socks . These Wigwam socks came out pilled ... and not just a little pilled , but a lot . And there was a thread coming out of the sock where it would be on the top of the foot . Point
 Not sure I can really tell if they are COOL -LRB- temperature wise -RRB- or not . They do seem to come apart and ball up a bit . After a some washing and wearing , I ca n't imagine they would n't develop holes after a while . Not worth the cost , IMO .
 when i ordered these grips for my daughter i thought that they looked pink so that was why we got them when they came they turned out to be grey and the finger holes were much to small i tried them at gymnastics and they ended up making her fingers bleed so i ended up just buying another pair of grips where we could try them on and they turned out to be much better so unless your looking for faliure grips i suggest you do n't buy these
 These were bought to carry my wife 's kayak on a Jetta.The first problem was that she needed to lift the boat significantly higher if loading from the side than she 'd had to do with her prior Yakima EvenKeel cradles . This was a problem for her at 5 ' 2 '' . The included securing strap 's buckle did such a poor job gripping the strap that it would work its way loose immediately and was unusable.Since the boat is secured only to the cradles and they have quite a bit of wiggle built in , the boat tended to move around unnervingly above 40 MPH or so . Use the bow & stern tie-downs ! The EvenKeel and other cradles are superior here since their straps go around the actual load bars.Though we used these a few times to carry a fiberglass kayak , they were purchased with the intention that they 'd be used to carry her wooden kayak , a Pygmy Murrelet 2PD . This turned out to be completely impossible as the cradles ' shape is simply incompatible with the flat planes and hard chines of the kayak . We 've gone back to using the EvenKeel cradles and are very happy with them.On the positive side , they appear to be well made , except for the strap . They were very easy to install .
 Yakima packages these saddles with two tightening screws each but the saddle has four screw holes , I ca n't get them tight enough in the round bar I got from Yakima . I also bought the Yakima Outdoorsman rack for my Tacoma and it does n't fit right . The instructions say I may have to alter my truck to get it to fit right . Give me a break !
 These saddles are curved , so if you have a kayak with a flat bottom , like most wooden boats , the kayak wo n't fit.Amazon was great with the return process .
 Advertised to be able to fit all luggage racks , including FACTORY racks . What the description does NOT tell you however is that you need to purchase almost another $ 60 worth of hardware or spend $ 400 on one of their racks for these saddles to work . I am sure they would work fine , but I had to return the items immediately . Amazon handled the return promptly and properly .
 Can not rate , did not fit truck . Was supposed to fit but did not so had to return it . Too bad , he really needed .
 Long ago , Buck put as much care into grinding and finishing the steel parts of the MiniBuck as they did with the legendary 110 . Everything fit together perfectly.About 10 years ago , Buck got really sloppy with the MiniBuck and never got better again . Like Buck 's other bottom-rung models , they now do what looks like a single-stage grind to bevel the blade -LRB- no brushing or buffing to finish it -RRB- , leaving an extremely rough grind which not only looks and feels bad , but does n't match the flat parts . Another issue is that a very rough surface holds onto grime -LRB- especially tape gunk -RRB- , and is not easy to clean.The blade and lock bar do n't fit together very well . The lock bar looks like it does n't click in all the way and is not level with the blade or handle.It 's still a functional knife , but it 's not visually impressive and probably not very suitable as a gift unless you find it for a very steep discount at a large store -LRB- sometimes they use these as discount leaders -RRB- and are on a strict budget .
 I still have not received this order.Buck Knives # 425BK-9200 Minibuck Black Pock Knife -LRB- Purchased on 08/23/2007 -RRB- sold by Polsteins Home & Beyond . And obviously it 's too much trouble for this company to return e-mails .
 I 'll try to be unbiased with this review.Be very cautious with this item.I purchased these earlier this year and I have it attached to a quad that i own . After a few weeks the plastic tab on the unit broke and the Garmin fell into the ground , but I saw it happen so I grabbed the unit and put it away . I figured it was a fluke and didnt think anything about it since the summer season was over anyway.This last week I went to the Imperial Dunes for Thanksgiving so I snapped the garmin onto the other bracket . After a couple hours of riding , low and behold , my Garmin was gone . Looks like the plastic tabs broke off again . Trusting this item cost me a $ 350 personal GPS unit.Now to be fair , this was a pretty nice item , and under the right conditions may be worthwhile . Inside a Razor or just tooling around in a parking lot , it might work just fine . However if you do any sort of bumpy riding -LRB- sand dunes , rocky trails , off-road dirt paths -RRB- dont waste your time or money ... it 'll cost you a lot in the long run . : -LRB-
 The shirt seemed cute but when I recieved it I did not like the fit at all . The designs do not stretch with the shirt and the collar is too tight around the neck .
 I ordered this for my 16 yr old daughter . It fit my 10 yr old daughter instead . Wayyyyy tiny !! And this was an XL !
 This shirt is adorable ... on a Barbie ! I am a huge Red Sox fan , but I 'm a woman . So when I buy an XL from the misses dept it fits great . Yes , I am a big girl , but that does n't mean I want to give up my style and wear a men 's large . We all know their t-shirts ' cut are not as flattering on us . I just want to represent Red Sox Nation with some cute clothes , but this shirt -- like others I keep coming across -- is so tiny and sized for the junior dept. So disappointing !
 I have previously left packaging concerns with no response . The product arrivedwithout an inner seal and an outside screw on lid without a seal . Quite possibly this is a product with a lot of settling but the product inside the container appears only 2/3 full at the most . My concerns are the container was not sealed . I need to be assured this product is safe for my dogs to consume . I have a very high level of concern that the container was not properly sealed . Please adviseWas this product previously sent to another customer and returned with the seal broken ? I will not feed this product to my dogs until I 'm assurred it is safe.The Manufacturer of this product did contact me and I was told the product wasshipped by Amazon and to contact them . A comment was made that settling was common but the packaging issues were referred back to Amazon .
 We have been feeding this supplement to our five dogs for about four months now with no benefit to any of them . Our Staffordshire Terrier was highly allergic to the supplement and had to immediately be taken off it . Our Lab/AmStaff mix has arthritis in her knees and we had hoped this might help her a bit , but she has not shown any improvement . Our Australian Cattle Dog mix has a coarse coat and sheds heavily , but this did n't help that problem either . We 've tried feeding it to our horses , but neither of them will touch the stuff no matter what I mix it with . This product has been a HUGE , HUGE waste of money !
 `` I have had the Kwik Kik for several weeks now . I am not to impressed by it . My biggest complaint is that the ball keeps coming off the straps after about 30 kicks . The ball is fully inflated and strapped on as tight as possible . Lastly I was very surprised and disheartened to open my box and find an un-welcomed Mormon pamphlet with email address trying to solicate for your Religious Cult in the box . ''
 the plastic snap that holds the straps is very weak , afer a small amount of dribbling practice the snap cracked then broke .
 Maybe it would work better if the ball would stay on . After about 4 or 5 kicks it comes lose and you have to stop .
 This item sucks !! it is small and does notgive much protection to your neck . you are betteroff wrapping a bandanna or one of those taliban wrapsaround your neck for protection . . do not buy unlessyou wan na piss yourself off or get shot in the neck !!!
 The hearing protection was great and the mics worked well also but ... after the first duck season the head band broke in two . You ca n't get parts for it so the price is not worth the end product . I sent Radians an E-Mail but never received a reply .
 I purchased these last week and tried them at the range - right muff was noisy but worked - left muff was in mute mode continuosly . For this kind of money - not a good value ...
 Grip was supposed to fit a Glock 19 but did n't . I tried to trim it , last thing I wanted to do , but it just got worse . I have other Hogue grips that fit perfect but not this one . Threw it in the trash .
 This is so cute . and I like the feel of it . BUT ... . I know most guns will require some grip trimming for proper magazine release , which is understandable and I checked to make sure this was compatible with my hand gun . I must give it only 2 stars because the product label clearly states it is compatible with the Ruger 22/45 , however it just does n't fit properly . The issue I have is the grip does not fit snug , it is loose and gaps slightly . So yes its adorable , & I plan on keeping it , but I will save it for future use on a pistol with a larger grip , as the directions state it 's not safe to use if it 's not snug .
 The belt seems nice enough . I 'm not sure what qualifies it as a belt to be used for carry . It 's not any heavier than any of the other `` normal '' belts I have -LRB- although it is more expensive -RRB- . As one other reviewer mentioned it is also `` oranger '' than it appears to be on the website . Sizing also appears to be smaller than normal . It 's not awful , but not what I needed , so back it goes .
 I like this belt OK . It looks good . But I needed it to help support carry of a 1911 . It is not a bad belt , it is just not thick or firm enough to carry something heavy . Not good for the purpose for which I bought it .
 Bianchi has been around and is well known for thier gun leather , so I mistakenly thought this belt would be appropriate and provide adequate support for use with a concealed carry , outside the waitband holster . Not so.This belt is made in Mexico . Leather thickness varies from .133 '' to .155 '' . After a month of wear , the belt is sagging and showing areas of ripples and weakened areas in the leather . I 'm not overweight -LRB- waist 33 , 6 ' 1 '' tall -RRB- , so I 'm not putting any undue or unusual stresses on the belt.If you are looking for a belt for utility use , to carry a weapon or other tools that may weigh more than a cell phone - - this ai n't it . Bianchi has outsourced their product and quality .
 I ordered -LRB- and paid for -RRB- this item over two weeks ago . I have been trying to get in touch with the third party who sells this item since . I finally was able to speak to them and they indicated that they would not be able to deliver the item until late August . I would not recommend purchasing any items sold by this merchant
 I bought my 1st Suunto X6hr in March 2005 . I had to send it for repair on 25th June 2010 as I noticed condensation in it and then found a screw had come out of the back plate . The watch worked fine when you pressed on the back pushing the battery in but they declared it irreparable.Reluctantly I took their word for this and bought the replacement watch from them on 18th August 2010 . You can imagine my disappointment when I noticed part of the bezel had fallen out . I had to send the 2nd watch back for repair on 30th December 2011 . 16 months after buying it.Again they have told me the watch is not repairable and I need to buy a new one.I feel that to pay 266 for a watch to last 16 months is not acceptable.I have also had various problems with your returns system as the courier will not collect from where I live . I have now had to pay to post the watch to a relative in the UK and then pay them 8 each way for pick up and return as I do not have the time to travel the 3hrs round trip to the courier.It just adds insult to injury.I have to say that after contacting their customer service department by phone I am even more disappointed . Being offered to buy a replacement watch for 266 in not an inconvenience it is daylight robbery . I 'm sure there is more that they could do other than this . A comprehensive explanation of why it is irreparable would have been a start . They could not even tell me this!Please bear in mind my complete despair and frustration comes from the fact that that this is the2ND TIME IT HAS HAPPENED .
 I bought this unit because I wanted a temperature read out , and I did n't want to spend a bundle for a wireless cyclometer -- I found no other choices meeting these requirements . I think this bike computer has some serious drawbacks . 1 . Do n't get caught out in the rain . When the computer gets wet , the display disappears , it stops working and does n't return to normal for hours . 2 . To switch between screens you press the unit from the bottom , but if held for a second , this zeros out the current ride data . I found the computer sometimes zeroed out the data , when I only wanted to switch screens -- most annoying . 3 . After about a year the display faded , and after I put in a new battery , many of the segments in the numerals never recovered properly and remained dim.If , like me , you want temperature information on your rides it appears this the best available at the price .
 Nice recreational computer . Multi line display , time and temperature . Puts speed and ride miles and time right where you 'd want them . Reliable sensor , small in size . Inexplicably gigantic spoke magnet that incorporates a phillips set screw . Supplied with the most ridiculous mount in the history of cycling . Maybe you 'd like to mount this on your stem , like your other computers on your other bikes ? Like a computer should be mounted to preserve precious bar space ? No , the mount orients the display such that that is n't possible .
 Beware . This unit easily falls off its mount . There is no remedy for this condition ; simply a well intended but overall poor design . Save your money and avoid this product . After about 18 months of stopping to pick the unit up off of the ground several times a week it finally fell off the other day and I did n't notice.Can anyone recommend a better unit ?
 This unit has a load of features at a great price , but they 're all irrelevant because it does n't work . It took 5 programming attempts before it finally finished a program cycle with resetting in the middle of entering all the information -LRB- tire size , odometer , times , etc -RRB- . On the first run of the bike , it did a complete reset of all information , this repeated a number of times . After several more unsuccessful reset attempts , it quit responding entirely . I was careful to follow instruction slavishly , and am aware that there is a `` reset '' function which should only actuate when held 3-4 seconds . It happened to actuate on even the slightest use of the button before failing completely . A set of reviews on another website were for more scathing than the ones listed here - I wish I had not bothered to waste time on this piece of equipment .
 If you get the version they sent to me -LRB- Planet Bike The Dial Air Gauge -RRB- , add tire pressure to the 9 functions listed.Of course , you 'll also need to subtract the following functions : Current speedSpeed comparatorRide timeTrip distanceDual odometer -LRB- for two wheel sizes -RRB- Average speedMaximum speedClockTemperatureBummer , I was looking forward to using it .
 Brought this as my first bike computer because of the excellent reviews on Amazon.Tried for 2 hours to program computer without success . Attempted to call Planet Bike for tech support , but no option for tech support was offered with call . They did have email support , but I felt I needed live tech support to walk me through the programming process . Will return and probably try another brand .
 So I bought this as a mistake because I did n't realize that is WAS N'T WIRELESS ! ... . that was my fault , I should have read the description better . These curly cables just look silly in the instruction manual . I did n't even bother putting it on.For the money , might as well get a wireless computer .
 Planet Bike Prot&eacute;g&eacute; 9.0 9-Function Bike Computer with 4-Line Display and TemperatureIf you want simple , this is not the one . You will need a physicist with a graduate degree , a monkey with twleve hands and a great deal of luck to decipher the directions . I plan on drilling a hole in it and using it for a washer . All I wanted to do was count my miles . Most displeased !
 This unit looks nice and basically works well , but there are many units to choose from , and this one has at least two glaring flaws . The worst flaw is that , while the vital information is presented all the time , to see the time and your odometer , you must press The Button , and I ca n't figure out how to do it . I try pushing high , low , hard , soft , straight on and at an angle -- sometimes it works , but usually not . I 'm reasonably strong , and my wrist and thumb hurt from pressing . If I press really hard -LRB- and long -RRB- , I 'm likely to reset my `` trip statistics '' ... which brings me to the other flaw.My ancient Cateye automatically reset when I began a new `` trip '' ; since I mostly ride my bike to work , that 's every day . But even for a long , multi-day bike trip , I mainly want to know `` how far have I driven today ? '' -LRB- I 'll use the odometer to clock the entire trip . -RRB- But for this unit , if you do n't reset the trip statistics , you wind up just adding to yesterday 's -LRB- or last week 's -RRB- trip . And how do you reset the trip statistics ? Why , you press The Button , which , as I said , is a problem . The combination means guaranteed frustration every ride . Try a different unit .
 Never did get it installed . I own two Cat Eyes and they were simple to install . But this Planet Bike was horrible .
 This was the 2nd out of 3 bike computers I have bought . I got this one specifically for the home trainer during the winter . I like all the data but it never really worked consistently . I really wanted to like this but I have since bought another .
 I installed this on my golf cart and it functions well except for the display . I 've only had it 4 weeks and have put about 50 miles on the golf cart and the LCD segments are beginning to disappear .
 Unlike the other negative reviewers , while it took a couple of tries I did get the monitor to set up , however , I 've spent several hours trying to get the magnet and the monitor to align properly . Not possible . It says to position the magnet < 2mm apart , however , by the time I got it to read correctly and consistently they were about .01 mm apart . The tolerance was so close that after taking a tight corner or standing out the saddle , I would start to hear ticking where the magnet was clipping the sensor . The sensor sits on a grooved base so it moves in or out in increments . No matter what I did , it was either too close so the magnet and sensor touched , or too far and it would not read . The sensor toes in or out , but the spokes angle inward away from the front fork , so the face of the magnet and the face of the sensor ca n't be set up quite parallel , which I suspect is part of the problem . On one ride shortly after I got it , the odometer read 166 miles leaving , and 320 miles 12 miles later . Another ride it worked fine for about nine miles , then displayed 2.4 mph on a downhill at speed , then timed out because it was no longer picking up a signal . Why it has such a hard time picking up a signal unless the clearance is so ultra close is more a mystery because the magnet is enormous and sits on your spoke like a Christmas ornament . The website says that they charge a restocking fee if it 's not in its original box , but it comes in that blast proof plastic , so I had to take it apart with a hunting knife , so so much for the box . I 'm sure that there are better bike units out there . Do n't waste your money .
 The computer is ok , but i really wanted it for the tempature reading , why sell and advertise an item like this ? Temp does not work right @ all thanks planet bike .
 I 'm not to happy with this computer . Only half of the numbers appear and if you try to adjust the computer to see the whole numbers , the computer resets to zero .
 I bought the Protege 9.0 at REI after reading the glowing reviews on Amazon . Once I got it configured , it worked fine for 3 weeks . Then , one fine day , it just stopped working . It registered 0.0 mph and eventually defaulted to clock only mode . I found that the unit was being knocked off the contacts by my GPS receiver that was mounted nearby . I tried repositioning the computer , and after much fussing , I got it to work again for one ride . But then it became `` stuck '' again , unable to detect the pickup . I can get it to work intermittently , but it takes a lot of futzing to get it to start reading again . I tried repositioning the magnet & pickup , I pulled the battery and re-entered all the settings -- still it is acting flaky . It 's like the computer chip is fried or something . I will be taking this unit back to REI and looking for something else . I want to be able to hop on my bike and go , you know what I mean?On the plus side , I did like having all that info on one screen . The temperature is kind of a waste though -- very inaccurate -LRB- maybe + / - 5-10 degrees -RRB- .
 I really loved this device . It worked great , and it did everything I wanted.HOWEVER , after the battery died -LRB- just over a year -RRB- , I went to get a new one . I replaced the battery , and now it will not work anymore . It works when the new battery is in , but it does n't connect well , and constantly resets and looses everything . After weeks of messing with it and resetting my information over and over , I had to throw it away .
 I ca n't believe anyone actually liked this jump rope . I bought one because I find natural materials like wood and leather appealing ; and I dislike the plastic ropes that stay bent FOREVER ! Which I must mention in this rope 's favor -- the leather was nice and flexible from the git go -- HOWEVER , the rope fails to rotate precisely in the handles -- so what winds up happening is this
 This jumprope is treated with a chemical that made my eyes and face swell up for 2 DAYS ! Buyer beware this is the most toxic piece of workout equipment I 've ever come across .
 Used the jump rope maybe 3-4 times and the handle broke off , you would expect a quality jump rope for the price but do n't count on it . Then again it could have just been mine .
 The table arrive in a damage box and I contacted Amazom after putting the table together found it was damaged and I will not be able to balance the table . I got no response from Amazon . This table was quite costly .
 There were a couple of huge problems with this product . First of all it said it was eligible for prime shipping which is supposed to mean two days . In fact it took 8 days to get there . The reason I picked this item was because it was eligible for prime shipping.Secondly , it was a gift for a friend in another state . It 's a huge package , which she had to have her father have come over to help her open . After they started getting it set up , there was a missing part . I contacted Amazon , by phone , and then by e-mail , and all they said was they do n't replace parts . The only thing she could have done was pack the huge thing back up , and ship it back to Amazon so they could send her another one , and who knows if the new one whould have had all the parts.I doubt that I will ever again order something large like this from Amazon as a gift.Post script
 I purchased a right handed flap for a right handed holster , and received a left handed flap ... What kind of review do you expect ?
 Although the pump worked on my ball but it kept losing air . The pump was not as easy to use as a regular basketball pump and I returned the ball because it was deflating due to an air leak at the pump . Better to get a regular ball for almost half the price .
 i do n't really write reviews , but i felt like i needed to say something about this one . maybe its me , but i could n't get the pump to work . So i bought a new basketball . I bought a regular one , and bought a pump . I wish that infusion thing worked out , because it would have been great to deflate it , put it in my bag , and then pump it up again at the court . But my friend warned me they do n't work so good . I 'm just stubborn i guess . That 's my 2 cents . Take it for what its worth .
 We 've gone through about 2 or 3 generations of infusion basketballs from spalding . The gimmick is n't worth it and there are better balls like the original zi/o and the excel for outdoor and the TF1000 for indoor .
 Got this ball about six months ago without even realizing it featured the built-in `` pump . '' It 's a decent ball overall , but after several months of use -LRB- 3-4 hours a week -RRB- the `` pump '' button kind of wears loose . When the ball bounces on the exact spot where the pump button is it deadens and throws off the trajectory of the bounce . I also suspect that every time this happens some air is released , because I keep having to re-inflate the thing with a real pump every couple days . I 've had it with this ball ; getting a new one this weekend . Just get a regular ball .
 if you are planning on buying a ball , these are the tips or the performance of the balls or type of balls out there . one is indoor balls , there are great especially the tf 1000 from spalding . Next is outdoor balls yeah maybe the tf 1000 ppl say its great using indoor and outdoor but just using the ball for outdoors only will bust it quicker so do you wan na spend 50 bucks for a broken ball in a few months for me i wan na get the pefect ball because i have seen the results of a used ball and how they got broken in a long period of playing time and yeah the infusion street is a great ball for this speciefic enviroment so if i were u i would get the nike 1105 or this ball and dont forget the original spalding street it will do the job just fine.The last but not least the indoor outdoor part for me not the best ball but it will do the job just fine the new spalding zio excel ball u could get it for a affordable price and u wont regret it yeah may be thinking oh the tf 1000 may be better because it has a higher price but thats the point if it gets broken u just wasted 50 bucks mah brother and if u bought the zio excel and it gets broken u just wasted 30 dollars so its cheaper to get but if u want the performance i think u should get tf 1000 -LRB- dont blame if you disagree i got this idea from the shoppers i met during my search for my `` perfect ball '' -RRB- but for me i think the tf 1000 is only good as a indoor ball because it i think has the quality of a indoor ball and will last longer if only used indoors . I hoped my tips and comments about the basketballs may have helped you somehow on choosing your perfect ball . THANKS
 this watch has been great to wear , easy to use , and very comfortable ... until it filled up with water during my first swim with it on . I guess you get what you pay for . Other than the water resistance issue it has been excellant .
 I have problem with the water , its burry and misty . Timex Men 's Ironman 100-Lap FLIX System Watch #T 5E261Timex Men 's Ironman 100-Lap FLIX System Watch #T 5E261
 This watch has the potential to be an outstanding watch , at least for my purposes , with a large dial with day/date , chronometer , lap counter , alarms , elapsed time timer , lights with a flick of the wrist , etc. . Good for jogging , timing various processes e.g. barbecuing , wake up alarms , event alarms and so on.However , I only had this watch a little over a week when I went to switch from time to chronometer function to time cooking a steak , and all of the setting buttons became inoperable . The watch was `` stuck '' in the time mode , with , for some reason , the night illumination function on . Pushing any of the setting buttons in any sequence resulted in no change to the watch setting.I had an identical Timex watch before I purchased this new one , and it `` froze up '' also , but after about 2 years of use , which enabled me to rationalize purchasing a new one.Sooooo - Despite the fact that the potential utlity of this watch is outstanding for my requirements , if the potential ca n't be realized then the watch is useless . I will not buy another Timex of this model.I am very pleased with Amazon . The return and refund process was relatively easy i.e. printing a return label off the site , boxing the watch and dropping it off at UPS for shipment back to Amazon . Then , shortly after receipt of the returned watch I received an e mail indicating they were providing a refund , and a couple of days later , a credit was made to the credit card I used to purchase the watch . Because of this process , I have continued to purchase via Amazon .
 Pros - Big watch face and many featuresCons - Stopped working after 3 monthsI bought this watch to replace two other Timex watches . The other watches -LRB- 54391 -RRB- watchband broke both times . Due to their design , you need to ship it back to Timex to replace the watchband.So I decided to get another Timex with a Velcro watchband instead of a resin watchband . As the other reviewer mentioned , if you get the watchband wet , it really holds the moisture . The problem with that , other than being uncomfortable , it leaves a wet spot on your pants when your wrist is resting on your lap . Walking around with the appearance that you peed yourself is also uncomfortable.I emailed Timex about this problem and their resolution was to charge me $ 7.00 shipping and handling , plus the cost of shipping it to them , plus an additional charge if the issue is not covered under their one year warranty -LRB- i.e. battery -RRB- . After having purchased three defective Timex watches in under three years , I will never buy another Timex again nor recommend anyone else to do so .
 The watch seems second rate as the strap broke after one week and the coating on the face of the watch is peeling off .
 I am very dissapointed with the band on this watch . The band absorbs and holds moisture . The last thing I want while exercising is a sopping wet watch band around my wrist . This could cause irration and a rash . WHAT WAS THE DESIGNER THINKING ? Moreover , even when dry the band is rough to the skin and not comfortable to wear.I have liked Timex watches and felt the company was innovative and thoughtful in its watch designs . This watch band is neither innovative nor thoughtful in its design.I do n't even want to wear this watch . I really do n't think I should have to buy a new watch band for my brand new watch.Furthermore , Timex customer service is like dealing with a bunch of idiots . It is as if they read about 2 words of your email and then reply . I guess they think that if they keep feeding you stupid answers long enough , you 'll eventually go away
 There is a tab on the end of the strap that prevents it from going through the buckle with out great effort . Practically impossible to put the watch on . Either incredibly poor design of strap and buckle or the wrong size buckle was accidentally put on this watch .
 Watch band lasted 4 days then detached from the watch ! That 's unacceptable!Not sure what happened to the Timex Ironman watch brand . Too cheap to use a quality manufacturer , or they over stretched the model line and have no idea how to QA their product anymore . Probably it 's both . My first Ironman watch lasted about 4 years , or until I got really bored with it , and gave it to my dad . Then he kept it for 3 more years ! -LRB- Two Battery changes -RRB- The last few I have had , last about a year and began to fall apart . I am done with Timex . They have destroyed their brand with inferior product offerings . *** Kudos to Amazon 's return policy ! The one bright spot , was the very easy and pain free exchange process
 This watch was a real disappointment . It claims to be a watch built for the active lifestyle but fails to perform . The screen is great and it displays the time pretty well too , I 'll give it that , but the watch itself is built for someone with a desk job . The band literally snapped off the watch within 2 days of receiving it , and it never stays on the time either . With any wrist movement it will start shuffling through the modes and then snap off your wrist . It looks to be sturdy in the picture but watch band tie-in is a joke.Horrible watch for $ 50.00 . My advice is take your money elsewhere . This watch is a piece of junk .
 Pitiful I mean Pitiful . Ordered weight set came in a box with no packing , just 80lbs of weight , no bar or keepers . Scuffed all to purgatory , called customer service said they would send the rest of it right out . Got it , but no keepers again , ended up going to a local sports store to get the keepers . Would not recommend to my enemies
 Pros : -- Better than paper masks . -- It 's so light -LRB- under 2 oz . -RRB- , you hardly think about it . It 's also comfortable , as the straps are cloth and fully adjustable , and the filtering material is soft . The bottom strap uses Velcro , and the top has a non-Velcro adjustable ring . -- I wear glasses , and although they fog a tad if I get overheated , it 's no worse than paper masks . -- Has an imbedded aluminum strip in the nose area which can be bent to fit the user.Cons : -- When cutting treated timbers , I had been using an MSA Comfo Classic respirator , as that device seems to be 100 % effective in filtering out wood dust . Rather than using the bulky respirator , I tried a Dust Bee Gone mask - and coughed for several hours that evening , from dust inhalation . Have no idea how the dust was getting in , but it was . -- Absurdly over-priced . Should have sent it back on that basis alone . Worth $ 5 at best.Summary : I bought one of these sight-unseen , solely on the recommendation of Fine Woodworking magazine . It 's better than paper masks , but since it was n't effective with wood dust , it 's not useful to me . Bottom line - if you want effective dust protection , buy a decent respirator .
 I just recieved my Dust Bee Gone dust mask . I 'm dissapointed on the stitching on the mask . It was sewn poorly and the stitching by the nose came undone . For the price you pay for this product , it should come in perfect shape .
 Kinda disappointed of the quality . Right from the get-go you 'll notice that the materials used was fairly cheap . I 've had great spalding basketballs prior to this one . This just does n't compare I guess they do n't make quality spalding basketballs anymore except for the highly priced ones . I 'm sorry to say this but , `` made in china '' says it all . Pretty much wasted money on this one . You 're better off buying wilson basketballs , though they 're also `` made in china '' , they use far more better materials . I play competitive basketball , indoors , once a week and I shoot around and play pick up about 3 times/week outdoors . If you really wan na go for this basketball I recommend just using it indoors and always make sure to keep it clean . Or you could just go and grab the wilson jet .
 This ball sucks ! I bought this ball over 2 years ago for my weekly pick-up game . -LRB- My ball is marked NBA Ultimate but it is the same as this tacky rubbish -RRB- First off , I initially thought I liked the tacky feel , but most of the other guys hated it . After playing with it a couple of times I started to hate it too . It did have a decent feel and I liked the grooves , so I put of up with the tackiness . -LRB- I did n't feel like a tacky ball helps so much with ball handling or shooting , it just felt weird , but read on . -RRB- The deal breaker happened after playing with it for a couple of months , the ball started getting really smooth and losing it 's grip . This progressed over time to where I now have a ball that is totally smooth and has no grip at all . Keep in mind that we have n't played with this ball much , because if there was a viable option , we 'd always go with that.So instead of making a ball that has some real texture to it , Spalding decides to make a ball with goo on it . It feels weird to start with and once the goo wears off the ball is completely smooth with no grip . I have never felt so strong about a product . Be careful , it is easy to get enamored with this ball initially , but mark my words , you 'll hate it soon enough . I 'm writing this review as I am about to throw this trash into the trash can and order the Wilson Evolution , which has gotten great reviews .
 Had the ball for a couple of weeks now , only pro I can about the ball is that it stays inflated pretty well , but you would expect that from a new basketball.Out of the package , the ball felt great , but after a few mins playing at an outdoor court , the ball lost all its grip which is very dissapointing . Feels like a ball that is worn down already . I 've owned bballs that have n't got worn down like this after 6 months of use . I play around twice a week so I 'm not putting that much `` strain '' on the ball . Totally not worth the cost of the ball , extremely dissapointed !!!
 This ball felt great out the of packaging . I used it for a total of ten hours within 3 weekends . The ball has virtually no grip on it . Its smooth as a baby skin and feels like there is a coat of oil on the ball.I would not recommend anyone to buy this ball.If I had used this ball outdoors I can somewhat understand . But for only 10 hours of indoor use , this is ridiculous . Go buy a Nike ball instead.Very unhappy .
 I would not reccomend buying this product because it was advertised as a youth replica -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- . My son just turned 15 , and while he is somewhat tall , the jersey was too small and too tight . When I inquired about free shipping as part of an exchange for a larger and more expensive size , I was told this was not an option . I would not do business with this company again .
 I would not reccomend buying this product because it was advertised as a youth replica -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- . My son just turned 15 , and while he is somewhat tall , the jersey was too small and too tight . When I inquired about free shipping as part of an exchange for a larger and more expensive size , I was told this was not an option . I would not do business with this company again .
 I would not reccomend buying this product because it was advertised as a youth replica -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- . My son just turned 15 , and while he is somewhat tall , the jersey was too small and too tight . When I inquired about free shipping as part of an exchange for a larger and more expensive size , I was told this was not an option . I would not do business with this company again .
 the nose guard did not hold up to sweat it kept sleding down i could not make it tight enought was not happy with it
 It looked like it would do what I wanted to but even with adjusting it , it still did n't fit right and with the cost for shipping it back , it did n't pay to
 My 13 yr old son 's nose was broken in a soccer match so we bought this product so he could play with protection while his nose healed.It was a waste of money . It 's bulky and it disrupts all peripheral vision . When looking anyway but straight ahead you get a headache from peering through the plastic . It 's like wearing someone 's prescription glasses . Impossible to use in soccer since you must look up , down and to your side on a constant basis .
 I read the reviews and decided to try it anyways and all of the reviews that said it was narrow were right on . I could not wear it without quite a bit of discomfort .
 My 7th grade son used the Bangers nose guard face shield to protect his broken nose when at basketball practice.He said it was not very comfortable and it bothered him because he could n't see as well with peripheral vision.He only had to wear it for one week though and would n't have been able to participate in his basketball practicewithout it , so he was glad to have it .
 This product does not protect a broken or bruised nose . As a matter of fact there is more chance of further damage if the guard is warm and is not a perfect fit -LRB- which for most people , will not be -RRB- .
 I had the white drying sack for years . I wanted another one . When i ordered this one , I received a blue/duck drying sack . the whole is not big enough to get a wiggling ferret into it . I do not like the duck design either . Wondering if they still make the white drying sack , if not wish they would make it again .
 Dont bother getting this if you have full grown ferrets . My 1.5 and 2 year old ferrets , which are average size for their ages , hardly fit in it with room to roll around . They cant stand it .
 You better have enough space and a clear straight shot at the assembly if you want to use it without too much difficulty . The product design leaves to be desired and I need to return the second one I purchased . You are better off going to a boat store and purchase the parts that will meet your needs , both in function and quality .
 do not know if i like this product because i have not applied it to the specific reason it was bought .
 You get what you pay for with this lift . If you want a quality , keep shopping .
 This products looks good on the picture . When I received the strips -LRB- couple -RRB- were not glued properly.After I played couple of days some other strips also came off . I tried to glue myself but , it did not work .
 I bought 2 of these for a little 3 on 3 tournament at work . After 5 games to 21 the seams were already coming apart .
 if you are planning on buying a ball , these are the tips or the performance of the balls or type of balls out there . one is indoor balls , there are great especially the tf 1000 from spalding . Next is outdoor balls yeah maybe the tf 1000 ppl say its great using indoor and outdoor but just using the ball for outdoors only will bust it quicker so do you wan na spend 50 bucks for a broken ball in a few months for me i wan na get the pefect ball because i have seen the results of a used ball and how they got broken in a long period of playing time and yeah the infusion street is a great ball for this speciefic enviroment so if i were u i would get the nike 1105 or this ball and dont forget the original spalding street it will do the job just fine.The last but not least the indoor outdoor part for me not the best ball but it will do the job just fine the new spalding zio excel ball u could get it for a affordable price and u wont regret it yeah may be thinking oh the tf 1000 may be better because it has a higher price but thats the point if it gets broken u just wasted 50 bucks mah brother and if u bought the zio excel and it gets broken u just wasted 30 dollars so its cheaper to get but if u want the performance i think u should get tf 1000 -LRB- dont blame if you disagree i got this idea from the shoppers i met during my search for my `` perfect ball '' -RRB- but for me i think the tf 1000 is only good as a indoor ball because it i think has the quality of a indoor ball and will last longer if only used indoors . I hoped my tips and comments about the basketballs may have helped you somehow on choosing your perfect ball . THANKS
 Indoor and outdoor standards are different , but this does n't even meet the outdoor standard . Have played basketball for 20 + years and would not recommend .
 Spalding has been less than impressive to me . I bought this one and it turned out to be a junior-size basketball -LRB- oops , that was my fault -RRB- . So I bought the actual NBA-size indoor/outdoor one and the skin on it wore off after about a month of usage . I would n't recommend it , I bought a different brand afterwards , -LRB- Under Armour -RRB- and their basketball has held up much longer and better so far .
 i had this ball and it was ok . on a scale of one to ten its about a 3 or 4 . too much cushion and feels weird when bounced . the tack soft on the other hand is a much better ball .
 Nice ball it come inflated , but looks like anyone check it before sending the item come irregular and not bounce properly .
 THIS BALL WILL NOT BOUNCE . IT KEEPS GOING FLAT EVEN IF I PUMP IT ONCE A WEEK.THIS IS RIDICULOUSLY BAD.DO NOT BUY AT EVER
 Do n't buy this ball thinking that you 're getting an `` official NBA game ball '' - it 's not leather , it 's a composite . Anyone interested in a genuine leather ball -LRB- for indoor use only -RRB- should look at the Official NBA Game Ball that retails from about $ 75 - $ 90 . Spalding makes the official ball but it 's just not this one . I ca n't speak to the value of this ball , never having played it , but most indoor/outdoor balls have short lives - go out of round and develop lopsidedness within a relatively short time .
 As a keen Ball player for over 20 years , I would think I know a little about quality Basketballs.I 'm not going to waste anyones time here , so here are the facts ; The ball looks and feels great , it grips real well and has that dark tan leather look about it.First time I used it on hard wood -LRB- indoor court -RRB- the panels started lifting ! I did n't use it in a game this was for warm up before the game so I maybe got 20 minutes light use out of it!I took it outdoors and to no surprise it shredded.if you 're looking for a ball to hang on a mantle to look good with some superstars autograph on it ; this is your ball , but if you actually want to get any playtime out of it , look elsewhere ! I 'm sending mine back .
 I titled this review `` Be forwarned '' because you should be ... I suspect that the batch of Spaldings that Amazon is getting from whatever supplier is a defective batch . Hence the price . You ca n't get an official size Spalding indoor outdoor ball this cheap anywhere that I have shopped so maybe I should of been a little suspicious ... I 've a really good track record with Amazon and will continue to buy from them but they have dropped the ball on this product !!! Like other negative reviewers I recieved a ball that was flat which is not that big of a deal but poorly glued seams that can be found in several places and an obvious slow leak that makes the ball lose a couple pounds of every couple of days is more than dissapointing ! I have never recieved such a poor product from Amazon ! They really should look into where these balls are coming from because they have all of the tell tale signs of a defective batch thats being sold when they should n't be !!! Unfortunately I 'm stuck with this ball since I wrote on it already !!! I would steer clear of this product unless your willing to take a gamble and send it back if you get a bad one ... It appears some people have a good experience with this product but this is my worst experience of purchasing a product from Amazon !
 This model seems to be a cheaper version of previously purchased models . Not sure what the reason for the lower quality is .
 Like some other reviewers pointed out - this ball is SMALLER than the official 29.5 '' size ! A bunch of us play indoors 4 times a week and we wear out a ball almost every month or two . We usually stick with the Wilson Evolution but this time we tried this Spalding Zi/O . Immediately everybody felt the difference in sizes - this ball is noticeably smaller than the other `` official sized '' balls we play with ! So we had to use the other worn-out balls and return this one to Amazon.com . What a shame - the tackiness is actually quite good .
 Got this ball last night . The grip felt very good . Took a couple of dribbles on the hardwood floor down in the basement , to my surprises , one of the panels started to tear , showing yellowish color from the edge . It 's quite a disappointment given I 'd been waiting for this ball for almost a week and was ready to get some play time with it this saturday . I am returning it now and going to my local store to find a wilson ball now ... btw , I am not sure if it is an issue with spalding quality control . The spalding official street ball I bought more than 10 years ago still shows no sign of any tear .
 I used to love these socks when they were made of cotton . the new material used by wigwam is horrible . It is uncomfortable and just horrible . I sent them all back and threw away the one pair I kept to see if I could get used to them . Get a clue WigWam and bring back REAL COTTON !!
 I have purchased this particular knife because of it 's translucent ruby color , but they 've sent me a regular red one , offensive , but I had to tolerate there is no other way , since I live a lot thousand miles away from the delivery place .
 The watch itself runs and looks OK . The real problem is when setting date and day . The screw in the crown has been poorly designed and it is a real a chore to set exact day and date .
 The title says it all ! I do n't think this jump rope is good for any fitness level/goal ! I assumed that the handles would have the weight , then I open the box and see a huge orange garden hose.I tried it , and hated it . If you 're not sure if you should get it , just literally go out to your garage , and try jumping rope with your garden hose ... seriously!I love speed rope , and 2 lb weighted ropes , but I do n't think I 'll be adding this to my jump roping regimine any time soon .
 I would not reccomend buying this product because it was advertised as a youth replica -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- . My son just turned 15 , and while he is somewhat tall , the jersey was too small and too tight . When I inquired about free shipping as part of an exchange for a larger and more expensive size , I was told this was not an option . I would not do business with this company again .
 I thought the white display on a black background looked cool in the photo but it turns out to be very dim and extremely hard to read . You need to be in a fully lit room and hold it at just the right angle for it to be legible . This is in sharp contrast to my old Timex Ironman watch -LRB- with the standard black display on a light background -RRB- which was easily readible under a variety of light conditions .
 Hmm , sorry there is n't a No Star option.I 've purchased this watch in green twice and both times it leaked-that is water appeared under the watch face . First time thought it was a fluke . Second time makes me very mad.I did snorkel with the watch but did not exceed the depth rating . Second watch just showered with it to produce leak.This is unacceptable for a sports watch.I have the same model but in blue and its still working , just worn and now grey .
 I have had two timex ironman watches - I gave one away and lost the other . I replaced it with this one - price was good and it looked nice . Howver , when i 'm running , unless the sun is directly on the face , i can not see it . And - when running and using the intervals , I can not hear the tones idicating the end of the interval . So - totally useless for these purposes .
 I have had the watch now for several weeks . I really wanted the black face because i thought it was cool . I read the reviews -- and was nervous because some people had trouble seeing the face . I have n't had much trouble , but I hate the light colored band . From the picture , i could n't tell if the black trim on the band turned completely black , as it got toward the back of the band , because that is the area that gets the dirtiest . But no , the band is green throughout and is grimy after three weeks . For a sporst watch , it certainly absorbs dirt .
 Although the watch probably tells time , I ca n't see it because the numbers do not show up brightly in the black face . It looks great on line , but it really is useless to me . I can see the numbers if I turn on the light , but who wants to push a switch every time they want to see what time it is ??? I am now paying for shipping both ways just to find out that the product ca n't be used . I will never order another product from Amazon that I have not seen in a store already . It is stupid to pay for shipping just to look at something that is n't any good and that can not be used .
 i like the look of this watch on the computer . . the blackface looks neat ... but in real like the numbers are really hard to see unless you are in direct light .
 Ca n't read watch without using light . This is no good since who wants to do this all the time . Do n't get watch with black background .
 The screen of this watch which appears bright white in the advertisement is actually a faded grey-brown . The sceen is readable in broad day light , but I do n't want to have to make an effort to move my watch into the light every time I want to know what time it is . I am sending mine back .
 For a men 's watch , I was rather disappointed . The watch is about the width of an average woman 's watch . The wrist strap is small ; the band is thinner than the width of my smallest finger . I 'm 5ft 11inches tall and I have an average man 's wrist . This watch is so small , I 'm on the last notch.The wriststrap is the smallest of any of the Nike watches I ever owned . I would strongly advise you to get the midsize 100 version if you are looking for a normal man 's watch . I was sorely disappointed.The lighting is subpar and not terribly bright . For some reason , nike decided to reverse the lighting , causing the watch face to go dimmer.I had high expectations since this is my second nike watch . I also felt disappointed that Nike abandoned the coin-open battery cover design on their earlier models to go for a decidedly clumsier micro screw panel.It 's a huge step backward .
 I like the style of the sweatshirt but one question comes to mind
 I love Leatherman products , however , this knife is has about 2mm of slop built right into the blade . If you own a firearm you know what I mean by slop . I can wiggle the blade back and forth 2mm in its locked position right out of the packaging . This is not something that should happen in a knife of this cost . I am disappointed . The multi-tool aspect is less than desirable . In all , there are much better choices out there .
 I 'm 6 ' 10 '' and own a non-thermal lined hooded sweatshirt which fits great and should be identical to this one . It is not . Even though the thermal lined sweatshirt is 2X Tall , it is way too short in the back and is being returned .
 this jacket is not the same anymore ! i bought one of these in the 1990 's and if i knew that they were going to stop making them , i would have bought 5 of them then ! i wish i would have taken better care of my old one ! this jacket will not last like the old ones ! this is just another example of a company like carhartt , outsourcing their manufacturing of quality american made products and becoming foriegn made garbage , and still chargeing us as if they were paying a decent wage to an american worker , which i wouldnt mind ! this is the way of the future ! i feel bad for my kids !
 I do n't run around much and therefore do n't need abundant elastic to hold my socks up . I do n't appreciate having a sock emboss my leg . I buy Wigwam Husky Athletic Wool socks , instead .
 I bought these socks because they were advertized to fit size 16-17 shoe size feet . It is hard to find socks that are designed for the big guys Shoes are not so hard to find these days , thanks to Keens shoes , but finding socks is another matter . So when these arrived I tried them on with the hope that these truly would do the job as a good quality sport and work sock without undue stretching of the heel . The main problem is getting them on . The designers need to go out and measure some big feet . The stretch in the top cuff of the sock is not enough to easily pull the sock around the heel and then up the leg . The first time I do it I hear popping of threads in cuff of sock . Then with each use there is more popping until the sock finally is stretched out . After that with the stretch material half gone the socks wo n't stay up . Once you get them on the foot body is still not quite right , as the heel still comes up short . Wigwam is a quality sock , but here they did n't research the stretched required to fit their advertized max size . I do not have super large ankles for a 6 ' 6 '' athletic man.I bought a dozen of these a year ago , and wish I had returned them after trying out a couple of pair.Their Ultimax sock which is advertized to fit up to only a 15 shoe has more stretch and goes on easier and fits better.Wigwam Men 's Hiking/Outdoor Pro Length Sock
 The surface gets slippery just after a few months of playing outdoor . No long exposure to sunlight as it was always kept in garage when it is not being used . I also consider ours as occasional plays , about twice a week , and I played with 2 young boys . Now it is over a year , and there is a lump in a spot .
 So many stitches were used that it basically `` cut '' the reflective material . Both bands ripped in the same way . Complete junk .
 fragile
 They worked , for a while . They are narrow not really providing a broad surface for reflection . They are cheaply made . I had one had the stitching fall apart . Bought another brand > ` Reflective Band - Made With Genuine Reflexite in America - By Jogalite -LRB- Pair of Two -RRB- ' . This Jogalite brand is much better . Wider , better materials , better stitching work .
 I sold this ball for years and it was great . However in the recent batches customers have been complaining it does n't bounce high enough .
 I was surprised by the low quality of this ball after reading the reviews . I was expecting a ball with similar feel/performance as the popular Spalding `` NBA '' outdoor composite ball of the 90s-00s that was about the same price . This is little more than a cheap rubber ball with a slightly softer texture and an inflated price.This ball will likely wear better on outdoor surfaces and is waterproof , but like all rubber basketballs , this ball is too hard and grippy when inflated properly . If you 're not used to a rubber basketball - shooting , dribbling and bounce-passing this ball will take some getting used to , as the ball will take an odd bounce off the ground if there 's rotation on it.Lastly , the cheap rubber still emits a strong stench even after three months . It takes a while to wash the stink off my hands after using it . Do n't keep this ball in the car with you unless you want to get high.Considering you can get a decent composite pleather basketball for just a few bucks more , I do n't see any reason to recommend this basketball .
 I 'd just bought two of these basketballs from Amazon.com . They 're rubber but look good . they were deflated upon arrival , so I got them pumped up and ready to play with my kids . The ball has good grip . However , I was very disappointed when they both deflated within an hour of playing time . I tried to pump them up and left them there inside the house to see how long they 'll get deflated ... It 's not very long , within an hour , they were deflated liked when they arrived ... I 'm very disppointed . I 'm hoping that I can replace them with the better one.Thanks Amazon.com for it 's great returning policy . I got the replacements within a couple of days . However , again one of the ball that came defective again . It could n't hold the air and deflated within hours ... I might have to return it for the second time . But for the one that works , it 's a great outdoor ball . It has a good grib and good bounce . It does n't get dirty easily if you take care of it . Cleans it with a wet cloth after playing and it looks as good as new . It 's a great ball for under $ 20 . I could have given it five stars if it did n't come defective .
 I am sorry , but I trusted over 100 reviews that said this was was good , and I finally decided to get it.The price was definitely attractive , but as always , you get what you pay for.If you have ever played with Indoor balls like TF-1000 , or quality outdoor balls Zi/O Excel Basketball then you will hate this ball.The one I got was nicely inflated , but is not fully round , so the bounce is unpredictable , and the rubber consturction does n't look that quality.I am keeping mine just because I bought it at a good price -LRB- $ 10.00 -RRB- , and I 'll use it as a second ball , but hope this will save some of you the time and money that you do n't want to spend .
 Awful Customer Service !!! Cheap quality!I Bought Two of these balls.Got to say that info on the description is a sheer lie.Concerning shipping weight which states it is 1.8 pounds . In reality it turns out to be 12 pounds -LRB- it was important to me as use interim shipping company -RRB- . I tried to contact the seller but they did not pay attention . Absolutely awful customer service.The ball itself seems to be made of cheap materials in China and is of cheap quality . The worst ball I ever had , does not even seem to last long time , especially if you play outdoors . The grip does not feel well and what is most important one of two balls needs pumping every other day.I STRONGLY DISCOURAGE YOU FROM BUYING THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 It is made badly , not good for either practice or play ball . Although it 's very cheap . I strongly recommend you not to buy it !
 This ball stincks when I got it it had a huge hole in it . I suggest You dont get it . When I gave it to my son he was sooo bummed that he couldnt play with it .
 Ya no quiero este articulo esta pelta es muy mala esta en mala condiciones por favor asepteme la de volucion
 I have three problems with this outdoor ball :1 . The ball is clearly designed for durability but the result is a ball that 's too hard . Unlike many indoor/outdoor balls this one has absolutely no cushion . It 's made out of hard rubber that might last forever but is no fun to play with .2 . The ball is too rough . Many reviews cite the `` excellent '' grip that this ball provides . Although true , the grip is so rough that it 's not an exageration to say that it will seperate your finger nails from the tips of your fingers if you do n't catch a pass in just the right way .3 . This rubber ball has way too much bounce to it . It 's reminiscent of those Voit bouncy balls used in school yard playgrounds , just 5 times harder.In short , spend a few extra dollars for an indoor/outdoor ball . The grip might not last as long but the overall quality of your balling experience will be much improved .
 spend the extra $ 10-12 on a composite leather ball ... this thing is all rubber , feels flat when properly inflated , way too bouncy , feels more like a kids ' playground ball than a real basketball . the only thing it 's got going for it is looks . i 'd stay away if you 're looking for a decent ball to play with the boys .
 AMZ was great in replacing the first ball we have that leaked air every day . However , the 2nd ball leaked air rapidly as well . In less than a week , my son has to have the ball pumped five times . We tried everything , pumped it up a bit more thinking the increased air pressure would close the valve a bit more , storing it in the kitchen where it 's warmer reading how cold air affects the pressure e.g. No dice . It must be a bad batch of faulty valves but we 're going for a more expensive and hopefully better ball this time .
 This has got to be the worst basketball I have ever owned . On the very first usage , while trying to pump the ball up , the airhole plug collapsed into the ball , leaving a large gaping hole there . Naturally , the ball became instantly flat , unable to be pumped up again , and completely useless . Save your money and buy a better ball.Regardless of this horrific failure , the ball itself was of poor quality , feel and did not feel completely symmetrical -LRB- not perfectly round -RRB- . Please do not buy this ball
 Need to refill everyday . Otherwise when filled ball is ok but disappointing as it was given as a Christmas present .
 This is really a ground ball made of hard rubber . There is no cushion and bounces to the moon and back . My biggest issue is how slippery it is . Overall not a great ball but it looks good . Maybe let the kids have this one .
 Ball worked fine for the first week or so . Now , it goes flat every day . If you pump it up , it still works fine , but will be flat again by the time you try to use it the next day . I guess you get what you pay for , and $ 12 for a quality full size basketball was just too good to be true .
 I think this is not real spalding basketball.I compared it with the real one . I can very easily notice the difference .
 This ball is fine - just as advertised . The problem is that it arrived in a brown box without any packaging . Literally looks like someone took it from their neighbors yard and put it in box and shipped it to me . Because it 's for my young child I wo n't sweat it - just disappointing when you think you 're buying from a reputable vendor . I expected it to look like I bought it off the shelf .
 i love this ball for shooting , the grip feels wonderful and it flows well with your shot but everytime you want to use it you have to pump it up . it 's absurd and frustrating
 Although it has good grp and has held up quite well , This ball does not stay inflated and i am having to carry a pump with me wherever i ball , dissapointing !
 I expected more from spalding . It must be a bad batch of faulty valves but we 're going for a more expensive and hopefully better ball this time . They were great in replacing the first ball we have that leaked air every day . However , the 2nd ball leaked air rapidly as well . In less than a week , my son has to have the ball pumped five times . We tried everything , pumped it up a bit more thinking the increased air pressure would close the valve a bit more , storing it in the kitchen where it 's warmer reading how cold air affects the pressure e.g. No dice .
 This ball is more geared towards beginners or playground kids . The ball feels cheap and would recommend going w/composite leather.Definitely do n't bring this ball to a pick-up game .
 Basketball does not hold air and is not perfectly round . Not expensive enough to bother returning . I have owned many basketballs and have never had this happen before .
 This item looked good and played good for the first couple of weeks . However , after minimal play time the ball no longer holds air and has worn significantly . Would not recommend this item .
 this is the worst green gas . hard to fill the clip up . does not hold that much gas in the clip .
 About half a dozen of these balls were purchased for a Y where I work out and shoot . When new , the balls had a good feel , with excellent tackiness and good pebbling . Yet , six weeks later , the balls have worn noticeably even though they have not been heavily used -LRB- this Y attracts very few basketball players -RRB- . The tackiness is pretty much gone and the pebbling has worn way down , despite the fact that the balls are only used indoors . In contrast , my Wilson Evolution has been heavily used for years and is still in superb condition . It costs more than the TF-500 but is well worth the difference in price .
 If you buy one of these , at least take a backup scale . My experience is these do n't last and do n't work when you need them to . The battery is not user replaceable.I bought one of these at a local store to weigh my backpack at the trail head . Used it a few times over a year , then it stopped working . Battery was n't dead , but display would n't show the weight . I sent it back to the manufacturer with money for repair . Quick response , got what appeared to be a new unit and I tested it to be sure it worked . I kept it in its original packaging to avoid the possibility of accidentally running down the battery . Next time out at the trail head -LRB- about 3 months later -RRB- I found that the new one was dead .
 I was really looking forward to receiving this sweatshirt , and when it did I was pretty disappointed . I ordered a 2x Tall and it fit me perfect , but it was the itchiest article of clothing I have ever bought . I was bummed too cause it was really nice , heavy and dutiable , but ultimately I returned it and got a refund .
 have to take the inside 's of your original sight 's apart to use in the rear sight which didnt work . there wasnt enough space for the spring and needle . WASTE OF MONEY FOR ME !
 I did my best to research all of the comments for this product but found that the fit is not universal . I have a full length rail on my Buck Mark and the site needed some modifications to fit . After installation I found that the rear site does not adjust high enough to site in to the front sight . The adjustment needed to be extended past the limits of the screw . I will have to raise the rear site off the rail in order to properly target the gun . I like the look of the sites on the gun but it is not a good fit for a full rail .
 They 're OK , but would n't buy them again . The rear sight is made sloppy , tighten it up and wont adjust low enough on my buckmark . Factory sent me another , but it was no better . Independent vendor would n't publish my less than stellar review , so i wont do business with the again based on their sensored product reviews . Will keep the fron sight , but the original rear sight was far more accurate .
 Bought these sights and have to agree with the other person regarding install of rear sight . It is a real pain and you better have the right tools and patience . I ended up having Williams install them . Real nice $ 35.00 to install , 10 minutes work for their gunsmith . Fire Sights Set Browning Buckmark.On a cloudy day or shooting at a range that has a roof over the shooting bench , these sights are useless . Another negative
 This reflective band must be made for kids only , I weigh 240 and am 6 ft. tall and I can barely get it over my shoulder . No adjustment , If you are over 100 lbs . do n't buy !
 The manufacturer/seller could do more when it comes to product description - DISAPPOINTED . The absence of sizing was not noticed until the product was received - TOO SMALL to be used by an adult , of any large size , or intending to wear it over outerwear .
 The materials are okay , but the sash is n't the typical adult size . I 'm only 5 ' 7 '' and this fits just from my shoulder to my armpit . I 'm going to have to order a grown up one from someone else .
 Skimpy sash with useless waist belt - who would really want the waist belt ? Design would have been more functional if safety is the concern , were the sash wider and hence , more visible . In a word , disappointing .
 Purchased this reflective sash thinking it similar to the sashes/belts worn by the military during PT ... sorely disappointed in its size and fit . Very narrow and very small ; if you 're a bigger runner -LRB- over 6 ' -RRB- this is n't the product for you .
 The product was exactly as described . However the processing part was way too slow . All other items ordered with this product arrived much sooner then expected . I expected this item to arrive a few days after purchase , not a week and a half . Change processing policy and future buyers will be very please with your service .
 I have been using Power Pro braid 50 lb , let me tell I believe there is a quailty control issues with power pro and I am not the only one . I have snapped the line on some 15lb fish , and I was completely baffled at first . How could this happen ? 50lb braid should NEVER break , let alone just bringing in a 15-20lb fish . After a few uses the line gets much much weaker , there is no protection the braid . I tried contacting the manufacture , and right away they tried to dodge the bullet saying I cut the braid on rocks , but where I fish there is no rocks , nice try . I am going to use the 50lb line I bought for catching fish under 10lbs in fear it may break on fish larger than that . There are other brands , Spiderline Tuff-Line XP , and Fireline . If anyone is interested in compairing brands for breakage let me know .
 Sure it is reflective , but just one little armband wo n't do any good . If you are thinking of getting this , get a reflective vest instead .
 I ordered this basketball on 12-06-06 and was told it would be delivered right after Christmas and still have not recieved it . It still has not been shipped . Where is it and what should I do ?
 Por favor pido su colaboraci&ograve;n para revisar porque este producto y un vestido de ni & ntilde ; a que compr&eacute; el 18 de julio .06 , aun no han llegado a Colombia.Solicito la entrega URGENTE de estos productos , puesto que ya cancel&eacute; esta compra.GraciasYolanda espinosa obando
 I was really looking forward to receiving this sweatshirt , and when it did I was pretty disappointed . I ordered a 2x Tall and it fit me perfect , but it was the itchiest article of clothing I have ever bought . I was bummed too cause it was really nice , heavy and dutiable , but ultimately I returned it and got a refund .
 I was surprised at how raised the seams were around the toes . Even with loose slippers they immediately cut into the top of my toes - I can not image wearing regular shoes . The socks quickly stretch out of shape , regardless of size , and you can also see multiple defects that they tried to cover up ... kind of like what you would do by hand to fix a hole . Oh well , the search goes on .
 We have worn Wigwam socks for many years . These were not the same quality . For the first two washings they remained soft and slightly shrunk . After that , forget I said anything . My husband said they were hard to fit on , and stiff . I never used anything but warm water . The ones we have from the past stayed soft and hardly shrunk ... even after being washed in hot water and hot dryer . I guess we will have to keep using our ten year old ones.All six pair went to Goodwill . What a ripoff !!!
 I 'm 6 ' 10 '' and own a non-thermal lined hooded sweatshirt which fits great and should be identical to this one . It is not . Even though the thermal lined sweatshirt is 2X Tall , it is way too short in the back and is being returned .
 this jacket is not the same anymore ! i bought one of these in the 1990 's and if i knew that they were going to stop making them , i would have bought 5 of them then ! i wish i would have taken better care of my old one ! this jacket will not last like the old ones ! this is just another example of a company like carhartt , outsourcing their manufacturing of quality american made products and becoming foriegn made garbage , and still chargeing us as if they were paying a decent wage to an american worker , which i wouldnt mind ! this is the way of the future ! i feel bad for my kids !
 First I 'll admit I do n't know much about buying fishing/crabbing gear . I was trying to buy the `` perfect '' father 's day gift . Please pay extra attention that the net is just an attachment ... THE POLE IS SOLD SEPAREATELY !!!! Also Amazon.com through Boater 's World does n't sell the needed Shurhold Telescoping Handle . . I have checked both the amazon.com for the product and have gone through boatersworld.com to locate the product . I did however contact my local Boater 's World and they have the handle . Bottom Line the item -LRB- to me -RRB- seems a bit pricy ... $ 19.99 + 6.95 -LRB- shipping -RRB- for the net & $ 26.99 + tax seems to be a lot of money for a simple crabbing net ! Hope the product last ! Feeling kinda cheated for the amount of money that I spent ...
 Just a net ! So disappointing!Feel be cheated . Want to return it , I think maybe I need to pay the shipping fee .
 The hoister was reasonably easy to install and works great hoisting objects up . Unfortunately , the locking mechanism always grabs onto the rope , no matter what angle I try it at . This means that the load will not come back down . I 've even tried the rope horizontally and it still catchese . The only way I can get the load back down from the ceiling is to climb on a ladder and hold the locking mechanism open manually . Maybe I 'm doing something wrong , but if so , I ca n't see what . The product is useless if I ca n't get my things back down ...
 The product was exactly as described . However the processing part was way too slow . All other items ordered with this product arrived much sooner then expected . I expected this item to arrive a few days after purchase , not a week and a half . Change processing policy and future buyers will be very please with your service .
 I have been using Power Pro braid 50 lb , let me tell I believe there is a quailty control issues with power pro and I am not the only one . I have snapped the line on some 15lb fish , and I was completely baffled at first . How could this happen ? 50lb braid should NEVER break , let alone just bringing in a 15-20lb fish . After a few uses the line gets much much weaker , there is no protection the braid . I tried contacting the manufacture , and right away they tried to dodge the bullet saying I cut the braid on rocks , but where I fish there is no rocks , nice try . I am going to use the 50lb line I bought for catching fish under 10lbs in fear it may break on fish larger than that . There are other brands , Spiderline Tuff-Line XP , and Fireline . If anyone is interested in compairing brands for breakage let me know .
 Such an awful purchase and way over prices ! With shipping $ 16 ! Only one stupid Ring that is not sized correctly ! Such a waste of my time and money !
 I was interested in this product but the image was so poor I could not decide if I wanted to buy it . I clicked on report the image , thinking maybe someone at Amazon would do something . I got an email that said nothing was wrong with the picture . Not going to buy it !
 this stringing machine is very bad quality , do n't hold a tennis racquet in a spot , very hard to impossible to string a racquet on it . Very poor quality .
 The face is so cool that you can barely read it . I liked having it as a `` dress watch '' I would n't mind running in . Was very sad when the band broke about 5 months into ownership . I guess it 's that other brand that ` takes a licking ... '
 One person described the Nike Imara Soar as a funky bracelet . That 's because they did not realise it was a watch - the display is very dark and can only be read with ease when the backlight is activated . Even in direct sunlight the digits are not easy to read .
 The band broke after 4 months . I was very desappointed . It is a very fragile watch . Do n`t buy it if you are thinking of playing sports with it .
 I love the look of this watch , as it 's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments . I also love that it 's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface . However , the band broke four months into wearing it . I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it 's not the kind of band you can replace . Now I am at my year mark of owning it , and the band is ready to go again . Do n't count on this watch for everyday wear .
 I work as a tour guide in the outback of Australia . I was recently horrified to examine the contents of this snake bite kit that one of my overseas passengers was carrying . I seriously can not believe that in this day and age of first aid wisdom , Coghlan 's are still selling such a frighteningly wrong product . Do they know nothing about correct snake bite treatment?No you do not inject antivenin immediately , as the instructions advise . Antivenin can be just as dangerous as a snake bite , if the wrong one is administered . Further , if a snake bite is dry -LRB- most are -RRB- , then the administration of antivenin is terribly dangerous . Only after a victim starts to show symptoms of invenimation should antivenin be given , and then only by an expert who has positively identified the type of snake.No you should not clean the site of the bite . Leaving the bite alone is crucial to the correct identification of the venom and administration of the correct antivenin.God no you should never cut into a snake bite with a scalpel . Are these guys serious !? How can they be so out of touch with correct first aid procedures ? Not only do you risk introducing the venom into the bloodstream but cutting a patient will no doubt cause much anxiety and heighten the pulse rate ... precisely what you are trying to avoid happening . The flowing blood will also wash away the venom which you need on the skin for identification purposes.No you should not use a lymph constrictor . The lymph system is best slowed down by bandaging with a regular elastic bandage from the bite site down to the end of the limb , then all the way back up to the top of the limb . But then if Coghlan 's told people that , they would n't make any money from selling these dodgy snake bite kits , would they?I 'm amazed Coghlan 's have n't been sued for selling this product . I would strongly advise they remove it from the market , because it is a dangerous bit of merchandise . If Coghlan 's were in my first aid class , they would have received a fail .
 As a biologist who has worked extensively with rattlesnakes -LRB- though I currently study scorpions -RRB- , I can tell you that this product is worse than useless . The suction is too weak , and doctors specializing in wilderness medicine -LRB- Forgey , Auerbach , and others -RRB- recommend not using a restriction bandage or scalpel -LRB- both included in this kit -RRB- , as they will do more harm than good in the case of a rattlesnake bite . The ONLY product they recommend is the Sawyer Extractor . Look it up . While it 's a few bucks more than this product , it has much more powerful suction -LRB- an actually useful amount -RRB- , and has been clinically shown to mitigate some of the effects of a venomous snakebite . It 's available on Amazon , but often available cheaper locally at your giant wallyworld or other local supercenter , in the camping section . *** 2013 UPDATE
 I likewise work with rattlesnakes on a regular basis , have known plenty of people who 've experienced a bite . The only reaction to snake bite is to keep calm and get to a hospital immediately . If you 're messing around with the bite , at the very least you 're wasting precious time , and at the worst , making a bad situation even worse . If you 're inclined to purchase this sort of `` home brew '' product , please , do better protecting yourself and your family by avoiding this type of product altogether and always have a way to contact help.If you still want to buy this garbage , contact your local Herpetological society and they 'll tell you the same thing .
 I work as a tour guide in the outback of Australia . I was recently horrified to examine the contents of this snake bite kit that one of my overseas passengers was carrying . I seriously can not believe that in this day and age of first aid wisdom , Coghlan 's are still selling such a frighteningly wrong product . Do they know nothing about correct snake bite treatment?No you do not inject antivenin immediately , as the instructions advise . Antivenin can be just as dangerous as a snake bite , if the wrong one is administered . Further , if a snake bite is dry -LRB- most are -RRB- , then the administration of antivenin is terribly dangerous . Only after a victim starts to show symptoms of invenimation should antivenin be given , and then only by an expert who has positively identified the type of snake.No you should not clean the site of the bite . Leaving the bite alone is crucial to the correct identification of the venom and administration of the correct antivenin.God no you should never cut into a snake bite with a scalpel . Are these guys serious !? How can they be so out of touch with correct first aid procedures ? Not only do you risk introducing the venom into the bloodstream but cutting a patient will no doubt cause much anxiety and heighten the pulse rate ... precisely what you are trying to avoid happening . The flowing blood will also wash away the venom which you need on the skin for identification purposes.No you should not use a lymph constrictor . The lymph system is best slowed down by bandaging with a regular elastic bandage from the bite site down to the end of the limb , then all the way back up to the top of the limb . But then if Coghlan 's told people that , they would n't make any money from selling these dodgy snake bite kits , would they?I 'm amazed Coghlan 's have n't been sued for selling this product . I would strongly advise they remove it from the market , because it is a dangerous bit of merchandise . If Coghlan 's were in my first aid class , they would have received a fail .
 Current medical research advises not use this kind of kit . Just google for `` snake bite mayo clinic '' or look at any reliable medical source post year 2000 to get the most current first aid instructions.Update
 Check with your pharmacist on this , do n't take my word for it -LRB- also see Wikipedia and Merck Veterinary Webpage on snake bites for dogs , my own primary concern -RRB- - Sucking out snake venom is a NON-treatment . Instead , Benadryl -LRB- diphenhydramine -RRB- , which reduces swelling at the bite area as well as at internal organs , is the IMMEDIATE treatment of choice , and should always be on hand when hiking or working in danger areas -LRB- especially where water is present -RRB- . Needless to say , you should be on your way to a hospital almost simultaneously . Again , talk to experts and research online rather than buy something like completely ineffective snakebite kits that are misrepresented -LRB- extremely unethically -RRB- as a viable treatment that you 'll waste precious emergency time on .
 Do not use this product other then for using it on your partner as a sex toy -LRB- Buy 2 trust me . -RRB- If you use this on a poisonsnakebite you are going to probably die .
 `` Sucking out venom , either by mouth or with a pump , does not work and may harm the affected area directly . '' -LSB- . . -RSB- -RRB- Also forget cutting and restricting as suggested in this kit -LRB- see snakebite at Wikipedia -RRB- . As for bug / spider bites
 My father had a snake bite kit when I was a kid . He brought it home from his military days . I thought it was cool and remembered how well it worked in my youth so I ordered this kit . Sadly , it really does not hold a suction strongly . it 's a hard rubber and does not form well with the body to keep a good connection to the skin . I 'd say it is a Product #FAIL . But , can you argue with the price ? ` eh ...
 This release tool worked well until it broke . However , I found it easy to use , did n't require you to touch the fish while releasing it , and conveniently hung on my wading jacket out of the way until I needed it.Unfortunately , the plastic is somewhat brittle and thin , and my midge tool broke at the end that the hook fits into . I was in the process of releasing a large brown when it decided to shake ; causing the hook running through the head to snap the plastic side off .
 I bought this watch for everyday use . Unfortunately , the band is quite stiff and thick , making it very uncomfortable for me as I work on a computer almost all day . I also found the strap to be very difficult to latch/unlatch because it 's so stiff . I would n't recommend it .
 I love the look of this watch , as it 's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments . I also love that it 's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface . However , the band broke four months into wearing it . I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it 's not the kind of band you can replace . Now I am at my year mark of owning it , and the band is ready to go again . Do n't count on this watch for everyday wear
 If you have absolutely NO knowledge on how to hit a heavy bag than you should n't even be using one . This brief dvd will NOT educate you on the proper way to hit a bag . Just different combinations that even the most clueless to this sport would know . . The jab cross combos ETC. . It does not provide you with even ONE ten minute work-out routine . It 's just one hour of this man talking , basically . To return it isnt even worth the money I would get back after I paid for shipping.I give it 2 stars only because it educated you on how to adjust your speed-bag platforms and make changes so you can have the proper rhyme . . IE . adding a wood panel the same circumferance on top of the platform and drilling through . . I suggest you keep looking .
 The price was great , the decibel level dampening was on par with more expensive offerings from other companies , buuut the set broke while I was simply folding the headphones back up to store in my range bag . I was neither roughing the headphones nor i a hurry in putting them away , the holding pin for the left hinge just simply fell out and I was never able to find it on the range 's retail floor where I was using them ... If only the things stayed together , I would have given this a 5 star rating -LRB- ESPECIALLY for the value -RRB- .
 I see I am not the only one to have problems with the pins falling out of the earmuffs . Short of peening the ends over quite violently with a punch and hammer , the refused to stay in . Not the best thing for the muff to fall off while your on the qualification course for the department . Thanks Remingington for making me look like a doof in front of my squad .
 I purchased three of these protectors . The pins holding the muffs to the band all fell out ; I used hot melt glue to hold them in . After being used about 20 times , the plastic headband broke on one pair in 75 degree weather . Do not waste money on these .
 I bought it to take it to a beginners NRA shotgun shooting class . When it worked it felt comfortable and did n't feel obstructive when using with safety glasses and a shotgun . But when I first took it out to use in the trap shooting range the metal bar holding the ear muff piece slid out . Luckily I was able to catch the metal piece and slide it back in . Noticed that the other side was coming out and adjusted the metal piece so it was n't sticking out . I was able to be out in the field with the instructor and another student for 3 hours -LRB- about 50 shots -RRB- before it completely broke and I could n't find the missing metal piece in the grass . Luckily instructor had an extra and was able to finish the last set . There was definitely something that quality control missed in my earmuff because I 'm pretty sure the metal bar should have not come out that easily . Can not recommend to anyone .
 The product came on time , but so dirty . It looks like it was stored for a long time . It was full of powder and with some scratches . I almost returned it .
 The price is good . But the part of the from wheel does fit . I do n't not sure it is because of the damage from the shipping or because of the quality of the product . I have to use some power tools to fix it .
 I ordered this watch thinking cool , swiss and golf . I really looks like a golf ball . For a $ 100 novelty watch , I would definitely avoid it . The watch is nice , but looks incredibly cheesy . By a nice ESQ or a Movado . This will just make you look like a wan na be .
 I first want to say I love Amazon . I oredred probably 10,00 - $ 1500 in stuff btw my hubby and I from them this year . From toothpaste to baby gear . Amazon is great.I oredred another Kent bike from Amazon and it also came missing a part . However We opened the box right away and figured it out . Amazon was wonderful and sent UPS to pick up the package the same day . They also shipped out a new bike and that one had all the parts . My daughter was happy . Now back to this bike . I ordered this in advance for my sons birthday because i saw it on sale here . When we opened the box to assemble it . we noticed the bike has a general instruction sheet for all bikes this company makes not this bike specificly . So after much debate and trouble we realize many parts are missing . The kickstand was n't there and the parts to attach the seat are n't there . At this point the amazon return policy has run out . So we are stuck with a new bike that ca n't be driven and my son is in tears because he is the only one in the block without a bike.So all I want to say is beware when buying this bike ahead of time for give giving . Open and assemble the bike right away to make sure nothing is missing . Otherwisw it looks like it might have been a good bike .
 This was a sad joke . First of all you do not get a set of two , you get one . Second , they are not night lights . They are a cheap little trinket that are clearly labeled musical novelty snowman . They play a piercing and tinny version of Jingle Bells and have a changing color light in them . They would be a hit at any dollar store . I sent them all back . Do n't buy !!
 First off , I love Stott DVD 's , and own quite a few.The running time listed on Amazon.com shows 130 min . which is true.What is not shown is that of those , only 29 min . are the actual workout . Other PRO Stott Pilates DVD 's have at least an hour workout.For the price , I would have hoped for a more complete offering than what I got.On the plus side , the little there is seemed pretty good , but not worth the price .
 I saw someone break into that lock using a bic pen . Check it out on -LSB- ... -RSB- it 's crazy . I just had my scooter stolen . Kryptonite is a scam .
 I ordered this volleyball and it arrived promptly . However , the ball does n't retain air because there is no plug to stop air from escaping from the inflate hole - it 's just a hole in the ball . I 'm not sure if the one I received is defective or if they 're all like this , but the ball is completely useless and I am returning it . The Mikasa VX20 Beach Classic Volleyball I ordered from Amazon is in great condition and I would recommend purchasing that instead .
 My friend and I both got one of these and we liked them at first , but this ball is hard , and gets flat very quickly . If you want to get somone a pretty volleyball , a lot of companies make volleyballs in different colors .
 1 . I first tried these electronic topo maps when they first came on the market years ago ; actually when the current NatGeo maps were owned via the `` Topo '' company . I was very disappointed in that product and thus did n't utilize any cpu based mapping application for many years . But with the nice slick advertising of the current NatGeo maps , I decided to check out this product .2 . Bottomline , cpu based topo products still stink . The maps are not detailed enough , it 's still moderately slow -LRB- but not bad -RRB- , and the bottomline is , for a place like the bay area -LRB- ie basically urban territory -RRB- , you 're better off just getting a decent hiking book or paper topo maps ; you 'll actually have more helpful information that way . Perhaps in the next generation of electronic topo maps things will change , but forget this product .
 I bought 2 pair and the light did not work on one pair at all and the light only worked on the other pair initially then stopped working as soon as the mask got wet -LRB- and never worked again -RRB- . Very disappointing because they sounded like a lot of fun .
 Toy requires a little rubber `` O '' ring for each of the battery tubes to keep water out . One of the `` O '' rings is missing from the tube ...
 Too bad.The swim mask looks cool , and we succesfully got the batteries into one side . That side lights up . The other side -- the screws stripped immediately , so the cover plate can not be removed , and batteries can not be inserted.So we tried it with only one side lit , and on the first use , the strap split apart . Toy is unusable . I retrieved the batteries from the first side and tossed the toy.Not recommended .
 Son bought these for himself and very disapointing . Ca n't see good at all under the water . Waste of money .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 Very disappointed !! I thought this jug was safe for water storage but apparently it 's one of the worst plastics to hold water due to leaching . This was advertised as safe & stated that it was BPA free which it clearly is n't .
 I read the reviews and decided that since more were positive than negative that the people who gave 1 star reviews were just hard on the bottles . Unfortunately I was wrong because both bottles I purchased shattered at the seam on the bottom within 4 months . I 've been careful with these bottles because they are light-weight and not as sturdy as I expected . I always carried and carefully set them down with both hands -LRB- had to , I 'm short-ish ! -RRB- . And they did leak at the cap when on their side . I was so disappointed with such a short life-span that I contacted the company because I really think this is a manufacturing defect . Bluewave was very nice and polite but made it clear that since I purchased through Amazon fulfillment that there was nothing they would do to help me - `` Due to company policy we can not provide any returns or exchanges for this order '' is the exact phrasing . Come to find out , Amazon only takes returns in perfect -LRB- aka re-sellable -RRB- condition . After a few more emails it became clear that Bluewave is not a customer-satisfaction-oriented company . :-LRB- So I emailed them back letting them know I 'd be reviewing this product on Amazon giving them 1 star , then I would post a link for my Facebook friends to read my review . To that I got a reply with a long pre-written message about `` intended and proper use '' of their products . It felt like a slap in the face after contacting them to let them know I 'd BEEN using them properly and as intended . I just feel bad that Bluewave made the choice to not even offer me a credit for purchase directly through their website.P.S . My husband uses 2 , 1 gallon Bluewave water bottles on a construction job-site every day . They are still going strong!P.P.S . This plastic may be BPA-free but it IS # 7 plastic which has been linked to hormone inhibitors .
 If you are going to store the water bottles horizontally on a rack , then this is not the bottle for you .
 I bought several of these 3-gallon bottles less than a year ago . I was pleased to find a BPA bottle and while $ 20 seemed high , I did n't mind when I thought that I was getting a high-quality long lasting item . I was hoping to store the bottles on their sides , but that did n't work because the caps were n't water tight no matter how hard I screwed them on . We 're pretty gentle on the bottles so I have n't had a chance to test their stength , but this week , my grocery cart was bumped and a filled bottle rolled out of the space under the cart . It only dropped a few inches , and not at high speed , but the bottle shattered spilling water all over the grocery store . I contacted Blue wave and they told me to work with amazon , but amazon 's return policy is n't helpful either . Disappointed.Update
 The Bluewave 3 Gallon Multi-Use Water Bottle description claims that it is 100 % safe plastic and does not leech chemicals into water . This made me think that the plastic would not be # 7 -LRB- the most harmful plastic that there is -RRB- , but when it arived it was # 7 ! I am disappointed in the description of this water bottle .
 I had to return it ; The bottle came with a hole in it . I then bought one at Lowe 's with water in it for much less . In their favor the return process was excellent .
 I bought four of these 3 gallon water bottles 3 months ago and they worked fine during that time . It is nice having a screw on cap versus a snap on cap ; also good is the handle feels sturdy . Unfortunately one of the bottles started leaking from the bottom . It was n't dropped or hit so just be careful that the plastic may not be very durable .
 I have to say I am very disappointed . This kind of 3 gallon bottle leaks very easily . I did not place it hardly on kitchen table before I saw water leaking from the bottom and a crack was visible if I pressed on the bottle.A 5 gallon water bottle is perfectly fine and feels solid.This is my second 3 gallon water bottle from the same company , I will never buy anything from this company again !
 This bottle shattered on the first day of use . The filled bottle shattered right in front of us when my husband placed it on the floor in the garage and water was all over the place . Well , the good thing was it shattered in the garage and not inside the house ... on my hardwood floor . I was so disappointed with its quality !!!!! The wall of the bottle is very thin . If you decide to give it a try , make sure you handle it as an egg !
 The bottle was great until it got knocked on the side and cracked - not a small crack . I was going to order another since it was my fault that it was damaged but realized there were several reviews about it cracking at the seams and not being very sturdy . I think I 'll just try something else . From reviews , it also seems like a waste of time to contact the company since their customer service is lacking - another big turn off for me .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 Well , Remington pulled the old switcheroo . The R2000 muffs that were sold originally -LRB- like those in the picture -RRB- were great . I lost my original pair and went on line to get these . Especailly because they were the same as those in the picture . No such luck . Remington used to private label from `` Deben '' in England . Those were great muffs . Unfortunately , they have either switched vendors or are having them made for them in China and they are junk . They are too bulky , the housings are in a hot green color that is not appropriate for hunting situations and , worst of all , they provide crackling and feedback at all but the lowest volume levels . Remington
 I test fire firearms for a living and thought I would try these . For indoor use they are just too thin to cut noise to an acceptable level . The electronics work ok , but the muffs themselves are too slimline with just plastic and a thin layer of foam inside to cut down the sound . The noise from handguns is bearable but rifles and shotguns are uncomfortable . Outdoor shooting may be better but unless you really need to hear your surroundings -LRB- such as hunting or training -RRB- I recommend a cheaper set of regular ear muffs .
 I have no idea how they received the noise reduction rating that they did asthey do not even cover my ears properly . The first time I used them , I hadto leave the firing line at the first shot as I was nearly deafened . I donot have weirdly shaped ears.Not recommended !
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 Kids used this only one time because they had a hard time controlling the steering .
 I recently purchased this Coleman Xtreme 50 qt on wheels . it has been just fine for keeping the beer cold for several hours , however , the real test came when I went to the beach last week . We had 3 coolers of which one was my Coleman Xtreme . The Coleman went head to head with a 5-day Igloo and a 5-day Rubbermaid and by an enormous margin , the Coleman lost . both 5-day coolers had plenty of ice cubes remaining to keep drinks cold even after 3 full days , whereas the Coleman was down to almost water after 24 hours . I was very disappointed . I 'll likely move to an Igloo or Rubbermaid in the future .
 Watch is fine , but vendor did not include the instruction manual or warranty papers with watch and very fancy box . Left them email message and they replied the papers were `` inadvertantly left out '' and promised to send the materials , but have seen nothing in the mail . They can correct this problem any time and I 'll update this review .
 Although this watch seems well made and is very attractive , I returned it to the vendor . The stiff plastic band was NOT comfortable and is a custom design which does NOT lend itself to being replaced with any other quality band -LRB- like leather -RRB- . The watch DOES come alternatively with a stainless steel band , but the vendor did not offer this and the price is considerably higher when so equipped elsewhere.Also , the band was too long and there is no attractive solution to shortening it other than to lob the perfectly formed end off , rendering it with a `` hacked-up '' look .
 I read all of the reviews and picked this product very carefully . My neighbor and I spent hours over a period of evenings putting it together.Went to fill it with water -LRB- fortunately not sand -RRB- , and ended up with a lovely fountain . There were two holes in the base , clearly leftover from the manufacturing process . I 've invested my money , time and muscle in a new basketball hoop and have nothing to show for it . Lifetime has offered to replace the base . So my only options at this point ALL involve having to assemble another basketball hoop.This was all after having to wait on delivery of a missing part already.I bought the product because of such wonderful reviews of Lifetime . Do n't be fooled as I was .
 The basketball hoop is promoted as manufactured in the US . Actually most of the hardware is made in China . Two bolts came with a thread that was not long enough and I had to call to get replacement parts . After I received the parts I continued to assemble the hoop and discovered then that two washers were missing to complete the assembly . As I was fed up with waiting , I went to Home Depot to buy the washers . After a week of asembly -LRB- and my children waiting to play -RRB- , I have a sturdy , nice looking hoop but the assembly experience was frustrating . I think that Lifetime should do more quality control .
 I ordered a ZR65AB anti burst fitness ballThey give you a very handy tape to wrap around the ball so that you can know when the ball is properly inflatedI blew up the ball it is a lot smaller than 65cmI then looked at the box and instructions.No where did it say anti burst.The model number on the box is ZR65I am returning the ball to Amazon
 The plastic tee broke within a few days and the mat is way to thin .
 Reading many reviews on that helmet and being a pro cyclist I placed that order.The helmet arrived late , I was already gone to Europe for a training camp for the all summer till sept , so a friend had to bring it to me.When I got it I was surprised to see it looked like a refurbished or used helmet with very bad manufacturing quality or an old stock , I am very disappointed but I 'm still in Europe and cant return it.i dont know if the problem is the helmet maker or the vendor
 Helmet came with velcro pads on forehead , but none on crown . Fits my head , but is uncomfortable to ride with plastic on my scalp .
 Well , the price was great , shipping was great , and Amazon made it easy to return when it leaked from day one . With this price it is hard to beat . However , it constantly leaked in our tent . We wanted to believe it was condensation , but there was always ice and never water in the cooler and it was just too much water to come to any conclusion other than it was leaking .
 Bought this cooler because it was just the size I needed and the price was right . We 've always used the old metal Coleman coolers from the 70s when camping . They are very tough but you have to replace the ice every couple of days -- just not great in the insulating area . I was really looking forward to seeing what kind of advances had been made in the last 40 years or so in cooler technology . Since we use bagged ice rather than large blocks , I was n't counting on 5 days but was hoping to make it through a 3 day camping trip with some ice left . Did n't happen . In fact , we had to replace the ice more frequently than our old coolers . We didnt put sodas in the cooler so it was only opened 3 times per day to retrieve items for our meals . We had to replace ice each day . Then as we were loading up the last day of the trip I reached down to pick up the cooler and one of the handles fell off . It did n't break off , the little plastic screw that held it on had somehow fallen out . Not sure when since we could n't find it anywhere . All I can say is , when it comes to coolers , take me back to the 70s .
 This cooler served us well in terms of keeping food cold for a 3-night camping trip in 2010 , but the hinges broke on the last day , making the lid something you have to remove every time the cooler is opened . We are very disappointed in the quality ! Everyone using a cooler in the wilderness for days needs to get that lid back on the cooler ASAP . Working hinges are a necessity .
 DO NOT BUY ! The second time I Opened the lid it broke where it connected to the side . Worthless piece of junk IMO .
 I bought 2 of these coolers and one came in with broken hinges . I never got a reply when I sent out the form to have it replaced . Several weeks after I purchased them , the same cooler was available at Wal Mart for $ 5.00 less .
 I BOUGHT THIS ICE CHEST IN APRIL AND GOT TO USE IT FOR THE FIRST TIME TODAY . IT WAS NOT EVEN FILLED UP WITH BOTTLED WATER AND ICE AND WHEN I WENT TO GET IT OUT OF THE CAR , THE NEXT THING I ONLY HAD THE HANDLE IN MY HAND . I THEN HAD TO JUMP BACK TO KEEP THE ICE CHEST FROM FALLING ON ME .
 Just what you want when you order a water cooler ... to fill it with ice ... and find out next morning it has leaked water all over the floor.The only two things a good water cooler should do is keep items cold ... and theoretically keep the water inside the cooler.This cooler is so cheaply made , it ca n't keep the water inside the cooler.Take my advice ... buy anything else but this cooler !
 Item was incorrect company not held responsible i will never order from this company again the worse experience with amazon ecer
 I got this cooler and then did n't get a chance to use it for two months , otherwise it would have been returned immediately . The only thing extreme about it is how fast the ice melts . The cooler lid does n't form a good seal at all . Even in the shade and in 85 degree high temps the ice lasted only 2 days .
 This is my second one , we will see if it is any better . First one , first day the end panel from behind the handle completely pulled loose exposing the insulation , and allowing the handle to come off the plastic pins .
 I purchases these skates for my 11 year for her birthday , she had them on less than an hour when she went to use the stopper and the whole stopper at the base of the skate broke off sending my daughter onto the floor where she injured her knee ! VERY POORLY MADE SKATE !!!
 Broken on arrival . Even if it was n't , the gun feels cheap , it 's light-ish , the clip is a pain to pull out , and it 's very hard to find spare clips . Blowback is a mistake on low end electric pistols . Even if it worked , I 'm sure it 'd be weak and inaccurate . Honestly , I do n't recommend any blowback electric pistols .
 They are a very nice pair of socks , but I ca n't see paying $ 10 for one pair of socks !! I never would buy them again !!
 They are a very nice pair of socks , but I ca n't see paying $ 10 for one pair of socks !! I never would buy them again !!
 They are a very nice pair of socks , but I ca n't see paying $ 10 for one pair of socks !! I never would buy them again !!
 They are a very nice pair of socks , but I ca n't see paying $ 10 for one pair of socks !! I never would buy them again !!
 consumer beware on this item . I purchased it and when I went to watch the video , it would n't play . I thought this was odd , so returned the purchase and reordered it . same thing with the second purchase , DVD was defective . I then returned it again for a refund . I should have read the reviews prior to purchasing as I found many complaints with the cord as well . live and learn ...
 We bought this for use with P90X as well . My wife used it successfully going through it once , although I suppose she did n't apply as much pull as I was able to . Within 2 weeks of using it correctly , braced through a door -LRB- using a third-party door attachment , which was not the problem -RRB- , the left handle plastic tube that feeds through the grip -LRB- which is hollow , and the nylon fabric passes through it -RRB- cracked . I was by no means pulling it so hard that it was equaling an actual pull-up , but it had a little tension at the bottom of the pull and I figured I 'd use it for a few weeks and maybe get a heavier one later on or on a repeat of the program.Again , this was n't a band-snap incident . This was the handle that cracked . By rotating that 1/2 '' crack away from the nylon fabric running through , my wife can still use it , but if I give it another go it 'll probably crack completely and be useless .
 When I bought this product , I was really excited because the four braided bands made it look like it would n't snap , and it was a value for $ 20 . It also came with a workout DVD . Unfortunately , when I actually used the cord , the big black plastic part connecting the cord to the handle was VERY uncomfortable and prevented me from using it as directed . It hits and rubs against your wrist and you ca n't avoid this without awkwardly holding it away from your body , which is also difficult and dangerous . I am going to return it and look for one without the big plastic part . It seems Gaiam has one .
 This score book is too small and does n't even have spots for marking pitch types -LRB- strikes , balls -RRB- . It is not very useful .
 I purchased the 9 quart Coleman Excursion to carry my lunch to work . I was replacing a two year old Rubbermaid 10 quart cooler that had served me well , but had begun to break down . After lightly packing lunch in the Coleman Excursion for five days , the handle unexpectedly fell off , spilling the coolers contents onto the sidewalk . Further examination showed the lack of a detent , or positive snap-in locking feature to keep the handle in place . A quick waste of $ 20 ...
 I want to warn you that although the title is `` Blue Base Badminton Net '' and it has a nice picture of blue base , it 's just a net without any blue base . The refund policy is also kind of fishing . The charge 25 % restocking fee plus you pay round trip shipping fee . I 'll never buy anything from eSportsonline again .
 Within a day of putting it up , some of the netting has broken/snapped . It LOOKS good - you can slide a pole up into the yellow things on the side . You still have to find a way to tie it down - it 's not easy to figure out on your own.But within a short time of being used , some of the netting snapped . Kind of a pain .
 Works fine . It did arrive with some rust in certain areas . Not a big enough deal to return , but disappointing when you spen that much ...
 I 'm not sure what 's so revolutionary about the material used to construct this basketball . When I purchased it , it felt as light as a foam ball and bounced like a tennis ball . At first I simply shrugged and pumped it some more but because of whatever this ` Zi/O material ' is , pumping the ball even slightly makes it start to bounce like a super ball . The grip on it is satisfactory however but I am extremely disappointed by the super-light feel and bounciness .
 This item fell apart after hanging up for about a week and barely being used . The board area actually dropped right off the top rod . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 The darts simply dont stick to the board . They slide and fall down . Had to return it . My colleague has one he bought from big5 which works awesome .
 The Ear Protection does a good job but the frames of the glasses are very uncomfortable for both my children . They 're designed in a way where they push out from the side of the head defeating the purpose of ear protection . My children complain about sore ears , not from the noise but from the eyeglass frames . Avoid !
 my son is 7 . these are very tight ... they came with glasses and the nose piece was damaged . I think they 'd be better for a really young child like 3 years old ... someone with a really small head
 I was very dissapointed with this bag-o-balls , I originally purchased these for my shepard , he uses these like humans use bubble gum , they make him happy . This bag the balls collapsed within moments of giving to him . when I Purchased the first bag , they lasted for 2 months , this bag lasted a week .
 I failed with this product - announced as `` Cotton '' - according to attached label its 60/40 only and i hate polyester with my body.second complain - bying L size didn '' t expect to get very loose waist rubber ribbon like for beer belly and `` bottom '' part too while legs are fitting tight good.So they are falling from me . I wish to send em back if I knew how - thru my friend in the States .
 I have a '92 seadoo GTX on which this fenderwill not fit Properly and tends to fall off.I also own a seadoo 3D and it will not acceptthis fender at all . A waste of good money .
 I own four jet skis and I am always looking for ways to protect them from the dock and wave action . I was hoping this product would be helpful . Unfortunately it does n't work !
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 What was pictured was not what I received . However , I did send them back and received a credit for the incorrect sheets
 Product photo is inaccurate . While the description talks about needing to supply your own poles , the photo shows them attached to poles . The actual nets are fine , but this was misleading .
 I guess these work as nets , but beware , they do not come with poles . Never assume , you know what happens ... . And I did not see any poles that you can get for these . If anyone knows the answer to that one , please contact me !
 The net was much larger than what it looked on the website . It is very sturdy with a very short handle . I realized that I needed a handle after the net arrived . The size wo n't work for what I want .
 Not what i expected . The books basically boiled throwing knives down to what feels comfortable to you . Not worth the money .
 The book is much more a pamphlet than a book -- flimsy andvery few pages . The pictures -LRB- black and white -RRB- are of poorQuality . I 'm sorry that I bought this .
 I bought this book thinking I 'd learn some stuff about knife throwing but I had already learned a lot of the things mentioned online or through experience . I 'm not saying the book is 100 % useless but it definitely was n't worth it .
 Read the description . 69 pages . For anyone who ca n't visualize sixty-nine small sheets of paper , it 's about as thick as a quarter , little more than a pamphlet . It 's got an overview on different knives , and basic instructions , with semi-helpful pictures , but not much else . The last few pages are dedicated to a minibiography on the author , and color photos of his knife collections . I found the most useful part of the book to be the ` section ' dedicated to designing a target . As for throwing itself , I found more useful material on YouTube .
 This teeny 60-page pamphlet spends the first 30 pages telling you how great of a hobby knife-throwing is , and then provides instructions on how to build a large wooden target . Then it spends about 5 pages going over the same basic throwing concepts , then spends page after page espousing the virtues of EVERY KNIFE Hibben has every designed or licensed . Then they wrap it up with a flowery epilogue of just how great a guy he is . What an unconditional WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY !
 This did not meet expectation . Nothing useful in the book that is worth the money . You can find these basic and I mean really basic stuff here , probably on line search somewhere . It is not even that big , 60 pages , each page of 6 X 3inches . Just saying , it is not worth 8 or 9 $ , maybe 3 $ , unless you want to donate your money to the cause , whatever that is .
 Well , I got this book hoping to find some new tips and grips and so forth , but ended up only reading about things that I already knew . Kinda of a waste of time unless you 're an extreme beginner , and have n't really ever held or thrown a knife . If this is the case , then go for it , the book shows what to look for after the knife sticks , but does n't really give any solid advice other than to `` practice '' . I did n't need to buy a book to know that ...
 I 've been scuba diving and snorkeling for 30 years . I had tried a Scubapro split fin and loved them and came across these online and thought well this looks good.Well I was disappointed as I did not get much thrusting power from this fin . In fact it just felt flimsy and was a lightweight in the fin department . If I had been able to eyeball this in a store first , I would not have bought it.It may be great for a teenager or smaller person , but not foe a serious swimmer .
 I just recived these and cann ' t even put them on I 'm a 13 EEEE even the area where you put you 're foot is very narrow
 Unless you were size 9 or less do not order these . I were 11 and they barely fit without boots , if i put on the boots i ca n't feet even my fingers in them
 I bought these balls to start Tennis with my 4 year old . I already had one Dunlop SpeedBall . The Gamma balls look exactly like the Dunlop ball , so at first thought the same company manufactures them . But on direct comparison the Dunlop ball is noticeably firmer in the core and has a higher bounce . I can still use these balls , but next time around I 'll buy all Dunlops .
 These balls are okay . They do n't have alot of bounce . We were given a Wilson foam ball from a tennis pro at the tennis club , and it plays much better .
 Picture was not even close to what I got . Plus the item did not even work or fit as marked . I am a professional and know when something is BS . This is it . Aim shot would not talk to me or return , or comment on the product that did n't fit . Basically junk . Aim shot has no customer service . Only idiots . Do not buy from aimshot . It is one rich man peddling his products that do n't work through a bunch of uneducated idiots . Yup thats it .
 The bike I ordered wouldve been a great Christmas present had it not been dropped a few hundred times before I received it , both fenders damaged badly , and paint scraped off the frame in 3 spots .
 This bike is cheap in several senses of the word . I got mine at Wal-mart fully assembled and I quickly noticed that the tires were wobbly and bent . When I went back to get the problem fixed , I noticed a couple returning their Cranbrook because a pedal had broken off . Despite my misgivings , I kept the bike because the price was right . Within a few weeks , the bike rusted and its tires slowly deflated . If I had to do it over again , I would avoid this bicycle .
 I purchased a new 26 '' Men 's Huffy Cranbrook Cruiser Bike . After assembly , to my surprise the rear wheel would not inflate because of a bad inner tube.So what do you do , disassemble and return ? No , call Huffy and they take you through nine hoops . Finally they sent me the right part which took ten days , and I took the bike to a local fix it shop which charged me $ 15 labor to fix the rear wheel.No savings!P.S . The bike is a piece of junk made in China . The instruction manual is nearly useless .
 This bike breaks often . I wanted the cheapest thing to putt around on , but buying this was a mistake . It was delivered with bent rims , but whatever , it only cost me $ 100 and I just want to pedal on the beach path . But this breaks all the time -LRB- pedal broke off after a month , tubes in tires went flat after a couple b/c of the crappy chinese builders made rims with uneven and sharp interiors ... too many other things to list . Spend the extra $ 50/100 and get something that is NOT huffy .
 There is a major flaw with the Cranbrook Men 's bicycle
 There are spikes that work as stoppers for professional skaters to jump and spin located on the front edge of the skates , which always unexpectedly stop me when I try to skate fast . Then I always fall down on ice , very severely , all in a sudden due to the spikes . Therefore they are not suitable to me , a non-professional skater . I just want a pair of plain skates without those spikes , like hockey skates.I contacted the company to ask them if I can have the spikes removed , yet I have heard no response up to now .
 Ok , i REALLY thought this ball would be GREAT considering the overinflated price and since it is endorsed by the NBA . NOT SO ! This ball feels very similar to the cheap $ 20 balls you can get at your local department stores ! Feels similar to the Wilson NCAA solution game ball , but slightly less tacky , but since it has to be pumped up so much inorder for it to actually bounce it feels almost like rubber . I personally do not like that . This ball is supposed to be able to be played out of the box , without a break in period . Well , i hope it gets to feeling better over time , but since it supposedly has not break in period , i am very skeptical . I honestly do not feel the `` crosstraxxion '' design does anything to improve the the feel or grip of the ball . If you like the feel of leather , this is NOT for you . I am NOT impressed ! Search for reviews for this ball before purchasing ! The only thing you can do with this ball that you ca n't do with others , is say `` Well at least this is the Official Game Ball the pros use ! ''
 I just read an article at the Fox sports website saying it is almost certain that NBA will go back to using leather ball.There will not even be a bragging right once this officially happens , so in my opinion , do n't buy it .
 This thing just does not work , I guess my breath expires more `` fresh air '' than that thing . you need to have the fan clser than 12 inches to feel a little -LRB- too litte -RRB- breeze , so if do you expect to use it in your car to refreshment in a hot dat , forget it , even in a fresh day , jeje , you will not receive any air from this thing .
 Well , it came in a box labelled for paint balls , which was in poor condition . Inside this was the actual air conditioner box , which was n't in perfect condition , but not as bad as the outside box . I open the box , take out my air conditioner , then reach in for the non-existent instructions . So I 'm glad I know how to USE this , even if I could . Because it only comes with an AC adapter for your car , despite the description of `` perfect for your office or home . '' Maybe someday I 'll be able to use it and find that it works well , but for now it just sits on my desk looking pretty .
 I do not own this item but given that the height is only 5.3 inches I can not imagine it is very useful for anything other than something to stub your toe on.It does amuse me that Amazon claims that it will fit in a corner . It also will make a nice book-end ! Add that to the list of features !
 It does not say so here or on Backcountry.com or on Yakima 's website , but the box clearly states that it is only compatible with the Bighorn 4 part # 02404 . If you have an '03 or older Bighorn rack , you are better off getting a converter that changes your 1-1/4 '' reciever to a 2 '' one -LRB- they can be found for about $ 35 -RRB- .
 I own the men 's version of this watch , which has the same type of unique watchband , which is made out of denim fabric.The watchband is only available from Movado.I wore out the original watchband within 8 months , and the second one only lasted 6 months.The watchband costs $ 200 , so factor in spending $ 200 - $ 400 a year just for the watchband.I will not buy another watchband , so this Movado will never be worn again .
 I entered waterproof gloves in my Amazon search.These gloves fit very well and are comfortable , but the synthetic suede is not waterproof . Strange for diving gloves .
 1 . Hollow plastic snapped together2 .10 pound max weight ... C'mon .3 . Pricey for the above .4 . But ... grip diameter is perfect5.Strap rocks.I 'd avoid this , unless you would rather do more reps than weight .
 Well made product but overpriced . Too late but I found a comparable product for half the price . Keep shopping .
 Hello , one month ago - I ordered three shirts , paid by Visa - and you get the money - but I get no shirts . By call I should get a trackingf number , I only got these review.So let me know , wehere are my shirts . . ThanksWolfgang Burger
 This is a quality pad as all the Pachmayr products are . It was purchased for anewer Marlin 1895 .45 -70 22 &#34; lever gun . It was advertised to fit this gun howeverit was n't close at all , to small as I recall . If it were oversized , I may have done whatother have and trimmed it down by grinding it and shaping it.Now that I shot the gun more , I may stay with the factory pad as it does n't kick thatbad for a 100 yard shot . I got a Pachmayr triple for my .300 Win Mag . and that ` sa winner !! William
 I bought this strap as extra , came to use it today . It is the wrong strap . I was cheated by someone . I will not ask for refund it is too much bother . The original strap that came from Polar with my chest unit is fine . This unit is a cheat . Either Polar knows they are doing this or Amazon was deceived . Polar units are great , but they have the worst web and product help service of any company I deal with . MY chest strap has part number T31-coded . The strap sent to me from Amazon has no similar place for number , but has tiny print of many numbers and symbols.Also , Amazon seems to have a habit of NOT publishing my commments.I am a Prime Amazon member , but loads of stuff JUST because it isAmazon , but this strap I bought more than 5 months ago , then only as an extra will not work in my Polar
 Because these earmuffs curl up each time you put them down , you must uncurl them EVERY TIME you want to use them , which is a hassle if you are in hurry or your hands are oily . I own three sets of these -LRB- the store only had this style at the time -RRB- and 5 sets of other styles . I much prefer the other styles due to the ease of use . Comfort , for me , is about the same no matter which earmuffs I use . While I like to avoid using these muffs due to the reason stated , I gave them two stars because they are comfortable after you go to the trouble of putting them on .
 the shirt was very nice but it was alot smaller than a normal medium shirt . if i were to get another i would have got a large
 i am a woman and ordered it beacuse it sounded comfy and bought a mediym . The neck is awkwardly WAY too high - not a real scoop neck-line - it was like a choker necklace - almost humerous.I did like the no-hem line at the bottom - as the old one i had had this and i was looking for that again , but this one wasnt that comfy - very starchy.returned .
 this looks good on the ad but once i got it , the fabric cant be thinner and not well sewed
 While this t-shirt looks good in the picture , it 's actually pretty poor quality once you get it in hand . The material is very thin and the bottom of the shirt is not hemmed , which means it has a tendancy to roll up . The price is right , however , but you definitely get what you pay for .
 The baseball jersey I received has a different collar than the one pictured . It 's much bigger & looks like it was designed for overweight players , though the rest of it fits like a standard medium . The collar pictured is way better looking . Smaller neckbands are better because they always get stretched out of shape anyway , & the bigger collar will soon get too loose & look weird . The fabric is very thin , but it would be good on hot days . Also , the grey is considerably darker than pictured . I could n't recommend it since the collar looks sort of dorky & besides , I really do n't like it when you do n't receive what was pictured .
 The sizing of the shirt does not make sense . The torso of the shirt is too large and the sleeves are too tight . The collar barely allowed it to fit over my head . It 's made out of very thin , very itchy , and very uncomfortable material .
 These Ram 's Pants are from the 8 or 9 years ago and have the tag Los angels Rams on the back . and they had a small light stain on them . Very embarassing as they were a gift
 I made the mistake in buying this POS ! It will break and co2 will come flying out and the coil will flail around . Do not buy mirco anything . Get the thick big remote coil that can handle the PSI . This thing is a safety hazard . Do not buy it . I was playing paintball and they thing snapped because it was so thin . Co2 was coming out of my tank . It sucks . Spend $ 40 on a good one .
 THis product is garbage . The second time I played , the remote coil started to leek . To sum it all up , the coil is simply garbage .
 Ok , if you 're looking for a good coil , turn back now because this thing is a piece ! I bought this right before a big all day game that my friends and I do every year and I look forward to this all year . I had problems all day with not getting any air to my marker ! Took the remote off the tank to find the pin stuck in my tank , ready to shoot out and do some damage ! It almost killed the guy that helped me get it out ! Seriously , pay the extra money and get something good . THE ONLY REASON THIS PRODUCT HAS ONE STAR IS BECAUSE IS WAS FAST SHIPPING !!!
 Shipping was quick but when I opened the box I saw the remote was not put together . No instructions on how to put it together . Looking at the fittings they are a galvanized cast metal , not the best quality ... or even good quality . The line is extremely short and very rigid . It does n't move very well . I will attempt to return the remote the price was too good to be true .
 I was not pleased with the quality of this product . There were several places of broken stitches in the seam around the perimeter of the cover sew . Not highly recommended .
 This product is ok if you are looking for something like a `` life vest '' . I just wanted a simple vest for hunting with pockets and did n't realize this would be thick like a life jacket .
 The Amber Ultimate pro bag gloves are made of good quality , however the fit is akward , and my hand hurts when I punch with it -LRB- not due to improper punching -RRB- , prob due to undersized fit . I did order an xl , but it seems like the gloves are just not made to fit the hands very well ...
 Nice ball . HOWEVER , I ordered six dozen , as it said on the website , and they sent me 6 balls for $ 104 . Good deal for them I guess . For that price they should have had Albert Pujols deliver them . I 'll be returning them .
 I paid extra to have this shipped before Christmas and only one of the parts arrived.Thanks for ruining my daughters Christmas : -LRB-
 This stringing machine comes in two boxes.I only received a box with a stand part of the machine.Where is the box with main part inside ? I am sure it 's a nice stringing machine , once I received the other box.Help !!!
 I ordered the Track and Field Scoring Book with a Green cover and I got sent one that was red and white . I did not order the book I was sent and I was n't happy with it ! I do not think I will order from Amazon again , although I usually get a lot from this company . I was extremely disappointed and would hope they would send me the correct score book that is on the picture .
 This product is ok if you are looking for something like a `` life vest '' . I just wanted a simple vest for hunting with pockets and did n't realize this would be thick like a life jacket .
 This product was not as shown , once I received the product i was not able to use it as intended very miss leading . Kinda pointless actually , poles did not bend at all
 I got the heel cushions . I ordered them the same day as the Splint . I did n't receive splint yet . What is going on ?
 T-Tapp has the most unprofessional customer service I have ever experienced.I was very disappointed and will never purchase from this store again .
 I 'm 40 , hate to exercise , have low-grade sciatica and want to lose 30lbs and get toned . When I heard about T-Tapp , I was very excited . It sounded perfect
 In my order I received red , purple , and black cards . Problem is , you can see through the red and purple cards . The whole point of having a cut card is so you ca n't see the card on the bottom of the deck . So it 's pretty much a complete fail . I 'm giving it two stars because the black one worked .
 My cousin says she noticed a crack in the cup . It was there shortly after she received it , she noticed that it was leaking .
 DESCRIPTION SAYS SET . ONLY 6 MEN , 13 ON TABLE . WOULD HAVE JUST ORDERED MORE IF WOULD HAVE KNOW . NOW I GET TO PAY SHIPPING TWICE . . TABLE NOT READY FOR PARTY .
 This was delivered to the wrong address and I never received it . Paid for something I never got !
 Three large bottles are being returned because they are too long to fit in my bike and too heavy to carry to the gym when full of water , I am using the smaller bottles and have almost gotten rid of the metal taste . They do keep water colder .
 Furthermore ... . I bought two of this type thing trying to get away from plastic ... . they took forever to get to me and I have tried everything I can to get the nasty taste out of them ... Nothing works , so I have written a few times to Amazon , , , totally ignored ... . I want to return them . . I have only had them a couple of weeks , , , ignored ... maybe Bazo 's sold Amazon , maybe we need to stop buying from Amazon with this kind of lack of service ?? But this product is nasty awful ... . do n't buy it !!!!!
 Water bottle is very nice . Sturdy and light . Unfortunately it arrived with several small but very noticeable dents in the side . We were not impressed when we opened the box .
 After less than a year the internal liner has peeled of completely !! This is an awful product.SIGG spends a lot of money on marketing , but very little on doing a product that is actualy safe .
 I bought this water bottle a few months back and about a week in the lining on the inside of the mouth started to peel . I contacted their customer support and they said they would replace it , but I had to ship it to them out of my own pocket . They gave me an RMA number and everything so it seemed to be going fine.It has been about two months now and they are ignoring every effort I make to contact them via email , phone , etc. . I have sent emails to several different addresses of theirs and still no response , still no water bottle . Absolutely terrible customer support and who knows if I can every get my water bottle replaced .
 The top uses very fine threads that ca n't be cleaned . After 10 minutes with a tooth brush there is still gunk in the threads . I think it gets forced into the deep `` V '' in the thread when you close the cap . Better bottles use larger shallow round bottom threads . Also the plastic coating is , well plastic . They do look nice and hold up to abuse . And I do n't think the gunk in the threads will kill you because you can turn it into sterile gunk if you soak it in bleach . But it looks bad even at arm 's length I can see it .
 I bought this product to replace an old Sigg water bottle I have been using for the past 5 years . Seeing as how much I liked my other one , I figured `` Why switch ? '' Loved this bottle the first day , and then the second , but on the third the inside lining started peeling off . And let me tell you there is nothing worse than taking a drink from your water bottle only to end up with some little rubber pieces floating around your mouth . Im back to using my old bottle ... I would have only given it one star , but it is still a damn good lookin bottle and I cant bring myself to throw it away .
 I returned this bottle because it was all dinged up and scratched . Honestly , it looked like it had been through Iraq before it got to me in LA. . I did n't reorder because it seemed like it would damage easily , and for over $ 20 I think it should stand up to a little abuse . I 've been washing and reusing a glass bottle that one of those fancy , sugary teas come in . It 's just as good if not better for for the environment .
 I just found out that Sigg has been covering up the presence of BPA in their liners for years . I 've spent a fortune on their bottles , for the express purpose of avoiding BPA in plastics . Now I find out I 've been drinking it all along . Good thing the bottles are kind of a hassle to use , and I usually end up not using them anyway ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought two of these water bottles at a retail store several years ago . The bottle caps were broken within a few months . We continues to use them though just with the pull-top , however , both bottles show major wear and tear in the form of dings and dents . I would n't recommend these .
 Bought this thinking it would be sturdy . Boy , was I wrong . Dents VERY easily . Better off just buying a cheaper plastic bottle .
 It seemed made cheaper ... I ended up getting a Klean Kanteen . The Sigg was just okay . I may have kept it had Amazon sent me the size I ordered . Tried it on 3 separate orders and still no luck !!
 I only gave this water bottle one star because if you ca n't drink easily from it-why have it ? This screw off style cap is cumbersome and takes a total of SEVEN turns to get the cap off . Who has the time or patience when looking for a quick drink ? I looked online to purchase another style cap but also found problem reviews for the other style caps . Save the $ 25 and look elsewhere .
 SIGG fed on our fears of BPA and profited as we bought their BPA-laden bottles . Punish evil ; do n't buy their products !
 I purchased 37 .6 L Sigg Traveler Classic bottles . They do not come individually packaged and were sent in a large box some stacked side by side others laying flat on top . There was no protection to keep the bottles from banging around and rubbing against each other . 31 of the 37 were scratched and/or dented . The 6 good ones had a plastic sleeve to protect them . Amazon reordered the 31 and sent a note to shipping to properly package them . 2 days later the 31 replacements arrived with the bottles stacked the same way as the first box . The only difference was that none of these had a plastic sleeve . All 31 were scratched and/or dented . I would not recommend buying more than one at a time to prevent shipping damage . I was not surprised at the scratches based on the packaging -LRB- or lack of -RRB- but the many dents surprised me . If they could dent like this in the shipping box I am concerned about how durable they will be . Amazon was unable to replace the replacements because they were out of stock -LRB- I wonder why ? -RRB- so I switched to Kleen Kanteen . Hopefully the stainless steel will be a little more durable than the Sigg aluminum .
 After I bought the bottle , the lining started peeling and from what I understand the lining is more dangerous and so the whole purpose of the safe bottle is lost . Stay away from this company and brand .
 I loved my sigg water bottle but the lid wo n't stay on tight anymore - the grooves are all worn down where you twist the cap on and water leaks out . I thought they would last more than a year . Bummer .
 I bought the Sigg bottle in a hiking supplies store after the BPA/Nalgene scare . The aluminum bottle seemed durable and light , and it was large and relatively reasonably priced . A year later , I ended up buying a stainless steel bottle to replace the Sigg . -LRB- it 's a Hydro Flask Insulated , if you want to know . -RRB- The problem with the Sigg is that it just does not last .1 . Denting . Aluminum dents easily . I dropped the bottle a few times , and not on super-hard surfaces , either . The bottle is now covered in dings and dents , and who knows what this is doing to the lining inside .2 . The lining peels . Nobody knows what the proprietary lining is made of , and I do n't want to find out by drinking water with flakes of it inside .3 . The outside coating peels . I have some peeling right on the lip of the bottle . Ick .4 . Hard to clean . The neck is so narrow that you need a bottle brush , and the lining seems to encourage black mold to grow . I can see black spots on the bottom of the bottle.Don ' t bother with Sigg -- buy a stainless steel bottle .
 Nice real but never use it in saltwater . I used it once in saltwater and cleaned it out immediatly afterwards . The real has n't been the same ever since - the real no longer reals smoothly .
 I have never been more disappointed with a company as I have been with Pflueger . I Had a problem with the reel from day one but only recourse would have been to send it in at my expense and hope it would have been covered by the warranty ? I do n't think so . I figured out what was wrong and decided to replace the parts . Problem was that one tiny little brass gear was going to cost $ 18 ! And that did n't include the cost of shipping ! The value of the gear probably was no more than $ 1 as it was a simple brass part and made in China.Worse though was that the other part I needed was n't even available and this on a reel that was now just over a year old ? And Pflueger was no help at all . Pflueger 's suggestion was send it in and they might repair it but cost estimate was going to be more than what I paid for the reel!The other reason I did n't send the reel in to Pflueger was their response to my inquiries ; `` In the event there are no parts available for your reel our reel technicians will offer you an accommodation on a new model at a discounted price '' . This means that had I sent the reel in -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and parts are not available -LRB- turns out that they were Not -RRB- , I would have had to pay again to have the reel returned and all Pflueger would have done would be to offer me a discount on a new reel.Never buying another Pflueger . If you want a good fishing reel , find a company that stands behind their products . If you want to see how cheap Pflueger is , just get a parts diagram for one of their reels .
 This game is so frustrating , I do n't know if there 's anything like it out there . When I was the Buccaneers , playing against the Panthers , I nearly threw my controller on the ground . I won the game , but they magically turned a complete blowout into a teeth chattering finish . I mean they magically pop out of nowhere and score , get a gamebreaker , and score again.They should call that challenge mode `` Impossible Challenge Mode . '' You only get little babies who do n't even know how to play football . And you 're expected to beat teams like the Raiders , the Chiefs , the Broncos , etc. . There 's a challenge where you have to BLOW OUT the Broncos 12 to nothing . And another one where you have to run and get 8,000 style points against the Chiefs . You can barely run it let alone get 8,000 style points.And they say that you require no skills to do these challenges !!! The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because it 's too frustrating and the challenge mode is impossible . But otherwise , I like it . It 's good to rent , but not to buy .
 The game it self is really bad , i spent a month playing this game and i returned it , You cant play Defense if your life depending on it
 This game did not meet my expectactions . After buying and enjoying NBA Street Vol . 2 , I thought this game would be better . This game is so unbelievably unrealistic and unfun . Let me give you a word of advice , If you 're debating on whether or not to buy this game or Madden 2004 get Madden . It is so much more fun and realistic . I can understand how you might say that the game is supposed to be realistic , the makers went over the top . If you have played at a friends house and have enjoyed it , it gets boring after four times .
 It is a very good concept & the game could be amazing . I wish they had created a dynasty , franchise or at least a tournament mode . You have to start out with `` no name '' players & play against pro-players to unlock new levels stadiums etc. . It would be fun to manage the team & trade players to work towards a championship or superbowl . Instead the game goes no where . It 's more like NFL Blitz than a Madden type game . It gets old quick . Good idea & good intention ... hopefully a better sequel is in the works !
 Well i played this game and was disapointed first of all the music stinks the controls stinks the game play stinks . You ca n't make hard hitting tackles . You get bored after a while no replay . If you want a fun football Arcade Style series get the NFL Blitz . The Blitz series is better . If you want a good football simulation series get the Madden . If you want a good Street series get the NBA Street series
 This is the worst football game i have ever played . I Have 7 other football game . I hate this one . The grafics are bad and i hate it . dont buy it you will hate it too !!! . i gaurante it .
 I thought NFL Street was up to quality to the NBA Street series . I thought wrong . NFL street is n't fun.The gameplay is like any other football game . It 's not complicated . However , not many playbooks and strategies limit this game . This game is n't as great as the NFL Blitz series for Nintendo 64 . NFL Street has no late hits -LRB- jumping on someone after he 's down -RRB- or any spectacular-looking moves . Considering this is arcade football , it 's a waste.The soundtrack is ok . Some good beats . But you know what ? You ca n't hear the soundtrack while you 're playing ! During menu selection , it 's good music . When you play football , the soundtrack is replaced by some boring `` uninspiring '' music . Sometimes it 's nice to just stare at the menu screen because it 's the only time you 'll listen to the game 's soundtrack.The graphics are great . Nothing special , but makes the football look realistic.Online mode has voice-chat and is 2 players only . It 's actually decent . But the offline mode is the core of the game , and that is n't good.I bought the game on the first day . However , I do not want to look at the game ever again . Seriously .
 I recieved a item totally different from what you guy were advertasing , there for I 'm really upset for your service .
 The skirt is way too long for my 5 ' 3 ' frame . It has a faded streak through it . The color in the photo and the color of the skirt is different ; the photo color is much more vivid and prettier . I 'll keep it and take it to be altered , but not pleased about that .
 dis game sucks -LRB- ... -RRB- bad if it had better fields more accurate gameplay and timed games and like a bizzillion uther things it might get 2 or more stars , but till then it sucks.P.S . if i could id give it zero stars .
 You might be tempted to buy this game if you like NBA Street . Unfortunately , you will be disapointed . The street feel simply does n't carry over into a football simulation . The game play is really simple , and the graphics are pretty decent but this game is an just an average football simulation . The gamebreaker is stupid , and all the players talk the exact same trash . This is a one day rental .
 This is the worst football game i have ever played . First of all , when you try tricky stuff , you fumble every time . Next , defense is imposible . I should never have bought this game . If you want a fun football game , go with blitz or madden . Not this game .
 This cribbage board is difficult to use . The pegs do n't fit the holes easily , and have to be forced in , or yanked out . It does not want to lie flat on the table , either .
 This product was working perfectly , up until 2 days ago . The dog tripped over the wire , pulling it from the game unit , and from the pulling action , the plug part of the controller came broke apart and the wires are now exposed and I ca n't fix it . Boke too easily , we 've all tripped over game wires before , and none have ever broken
 First , the supplier took exception when I advised them the product has issues zipping on the sides and asked me to revoke my opinion ... not a problem I did - will NOT buy from them again . I realize they did not make the product , but would have thought if they were selling it , would want know . . Second , the zipper hangs up on the sides INSIDE the bottom section . Would not buy another .
 Zipper ripped/came off , fell apart ... Looks very rugged , feels heavy duty , this did not see heavy use or abuse at all , lasted maybe a month , then garbage.Seemed damn near impossible to find a lunch bag that was rugged and actually for a man , thought I was set here , see a ton of great reviews , hate to be the guy who throws a bad one in the mix to question things but I do n't have a choice . I ended up giving up on &#34; lunch bags &#34; after this and took the bladder/tube out of my desert Camelback and it has become my work/lunch bag , turns out it 's perfect and Camelbacks are 100 % tough as hell , the thing has seen a couple * of wars and a decade of use and severe * abuse , still going strong good as new .
 I work 12 hours days and I was happy to see a lunch box big enough store enough food for a long day . I started using this in April 2011 and after just a few months I noticed cracking in the lining and now there are so many cracks I am forced to replace the bag since the lining is not replaceable .
 This may be a great lunch box - I 'll never know . The first one that I ordered arrived with rips to the interior liner in the lower compartment - so I returned it for a new one . The second one that I ordered also arrived with rips to the interior liner , this time in the upper compartment . I do n't think lightning strikes twice . I 'm a little skeptical of the sturdiness of this product given that two arrived broken .
 While I do like its design , the quality is another issue . After only owning it for a week , the stitching ripped after I tried zipping it closed with food inside . The two compartments are cleverly thought of , but again , I would not buy this again because I was not impressed with the durability .
 Kool looking lunch bag , that 's why i bought it . Plastic on the inside is starting to brake apart . Otherwise it is an ok lunch bag for its price .
 This lunch box is bigger and much clumsier then I expected . The zipped mesh pocket in front is much too small to hold anything with any real bulk -LRB- like a cell phone -RRB- and is hard to get in to . While the 2 separate food compartments seemed like a nice idea when I bought this , in reality it does n't really well for me.Would have rather have larger mesh pockets on the outside to hold a drink bottle -LRB- or 2 -RRB- and only one good size compartment for the food .
 The skirt is way too long for my 5 ' 3 ' frame . It has a faded streak through it . The color in the photo and the color of the skirt is different ; the photo color is much more vivid and prettier . I 'll keep it and take it to be altered , but not pleased about that .
 Whatever you saw on the TV commercial . Do n't believe it.I purchased the Infusion Indoor/Outdoor basketball on March 2003 at SportMart in Chicago . With less than 6 months , the air leaks from the Micro-pump and , of course without air , the ... basketball can not play no more . I wrote an email to Spaulding right away . The customer service representative asked me to send the product back and promise to exchange for a new one . I asked what if it 's the false design of the product instead of my bad luck so that all the products will have the same problem and who gon na pay for the next shipping fee if that does happens ? -LRB- I simply refuse to another $ 5.95 USPS shipping . Because my old Rawlings NCAA basketball cost me less than 10 bucks and it still sitting in the back seat of my car without causing any problem at all . -RRB- The representative in Spaulding told me it wo n't happen and if so , just contact them . The new Infusion showed up less than 12 days . This time , I treated it as a babe . Strictly played solely in my school gym , which has hardwood floor . Quite a waste for an Indoor/Outdoor basketball huh ? Unfortunately , this fancy product still ca n't last more than 10 months . -LRB- Spaulding offers 12 months warranty . -RRB- Again , I wrote an email to Spaulding to seek for a reasonable answer . The original customer service representative who handled my case already left . She directs my email to Carrier , who?s the current customer service representative . I never heard anything ever since.Spaulding would be very lucky if it had had a customer who stopped at that point . Unfortunately , I?m not that kind of customer . I wrote two emails to Carrier asking her to reply my request . I wrote the previous representative who gave me Carrier?s email to confirm I did not contact to a wrong person . I also wrote two emails directly to Spaulding?s customer service TWICE regarding to this matter in case that Carrier may no longer work for Spaulding and all the efforts are pointless . Spaulding uses the oldest but the most powerful strategy to deal with this kind of situation ; no response.I?ve heard the owner who complaints the same problem on the court . I?m not the only one who encountered this problem and I firmly believe that it is a false designed product and NOT just a coincident.Since my 2.5 year old Rawlings still functioning very well , no matter indoor or outdoor , no need pump air every 2 or 3 days , I strongly recommend those who are lured by the TV commercial and it?s fancy Micro-Built-in-Pump , read my story , talk to people on the court and think again .
 The skirt is way too long for my 5 ' 3 ' frame . It has a faded streak through it . The color in the photo and the color of the skirt is different ; the photo color is much more vivid and prettier . I 'll keep it and take it to be altered , but not pleased about that .
 When I received this package , I felt cheated . There is only 16 hooks in the pack of what 's supposed to be 25 .
 First of all I must say that since I take very good care of my car and my bike I would never normally use a rack like this , since it 's guaranteed to do SOME damage to both . I ALWAYS carry my bike inside the car wrapped up in old bedsheets . However , I had to move to a different state and I had to take five bikes with me on a 1200 mile drive so I had no other option . Also since I 'm temporarily here in the States and I bought a used car with some dents to begin with I did n't care about the paint job that much . I carried my two racing bikes -LRB- one is worth more than the car -RRB- inside the car and carried 3 cheap ones outside . I put on the rack first for a short drive with 3 bikes just to test it - even then the base of one the plastic straps cracked a little , but I thought it would be OK.Then finally the night before our move arrived and I started installing the bikes in freezing cold . That might have been one of the factors since the plastic became very rigid . As I was sliding the bikes on the arms , the plastic straps broke , one after the other . In the end 4 of the 6 broke off ! And I did n't do anything stupid . Like I said I always pay attention to any objects I work with , trying to conserve its present state , I was being careful and did not use excessive force . So there I was with 2 straps left with 3 bikes and only a few hours before our start . So I used plenty of duct tape , bungee cords and strings to secure the bikes . In the end they made it safely , so actually I could have given two stars , but back then I was so upset that I stick with the one . I never expect any bells and whistles from a product , just simply to perform its basic function . But THAT it must do . And this rack does NOT . I wonder how so many people gave good reviews about it . Maybe they used it in the summer , when the plastic is softer and does n't break . But then they should put a warning on it saying not to use it below 30 degrees.Anyway it 's supposed to have a lifetime warranty -LRB- whoah ! -RRB- . I 'll see how that works out.My recommendation
 Very disappointing . More frustrating than the old bike rack I was looking to replace . The strap and buckle system on this bike rack is not reliable . Without an additional double knot of the straps , they will begin to loosen and the rack will become unsteady and begin to slip away from the car -LRB- the very first time we used it , one of our three bikes dragged along the highway for a few miles , destroying the bike tire ! -RRB- . As tight as you make the straps , even with the double knots , once you load the bikes , the extra weight will loosen the hook connection with the car . Then you have to undo the knots , pull the straps even tighter and redo the knots , all the while negotiating around the mounted bikes . Takes forever !! Not the rack to get if you need remove rack for access to the trunk . And one of the plastic tie-downs broke the very first time we used this rack .
 The second time we visited bike path , on return trip which is only about 4 miles , the plastic part of buckle/strap broke . When we pulled into drive my bike fell off and was run over when backing into parking space . Saris replaced rack promptly . Have had no problems since , but extremely uncomfortable and check often . So no I would n't buy this one , prefer my old locking rack with two padded plates that fit together but no longer own that vehicle with hitch .
 I am difinitely not happy with this product . I attached it to my Outback station wagon and put one bike on it . Before I had gone far the straps had loosened and the bike was bumping up and down . It was dangerous . I stopped at a rest area and adjusted the straps again and tied them into knots to avoid this problem . The clasps should have teeth to dig into the straps to stabilize the rack . I still do n't feel comfortable about using the rack and always watch it as I am driving . Who wants to do that !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product is not rigid at all ; it 's just too flimsy , especially if you want to put on a couple of beach cruisers and a kid 's bike . The bike frame tie-downs are lacking any safety locks as is the fold out frame itself . Only the top of the frame has slide in clip locks . I can not believe this many people have found this product to be so great . Great idea gone wrong in its design and build .
 I have Pachmayr grips for several different handguns , but I was disappointed with this set for Charter Arms revolvers ; granted , Charter Arms frame design makes it hard to securely fit grips , but that is exactly one of the problems
 Grips fit the gun perfectly . But due to the soft rubber , The bottom of the grip is very loose and moves around if you squeeze the grip .
 My first pair of Continental Town & Countrys , made in `` Western Germany '' , lasted 12 years . I replaced them with the same model , but made in Taiwan . They did n't last 2 years , and I had many more flats from sharp objects before the sidewall gave out . I understand now the tires are made in India and are all black -LRB- woohoo ! -RRB- but I 'm not willing to take the chance . I do n't imagine they improved the quality by moving the manufacture to India .
 These used to be made well , but I guess Continental cheaped out . The puncture protection is laughable , the sidewalls are paper-thin . Get Schwalbe tires or even Maxxis instead .
 This tire was worked hard on a gravel and chat trail on my MTN bike - and it was n't up to the task . My experience with the tire has not been good , but on the other hand , it was subjected to a 500 mile trip that included the KATY trail in Missouri . Clearly , this is not the tire to take with you on a long journey . I experienced 4 flats in 4 days - the first two are attributable to punctures from rock cuts from the chat and gravel mix used on this trail . The other two happened after I replaced the tube - could be pinch cuts or a faulty tube -LRB- it happens -RRB- . The offending rocks on the KATY were sharp and splinter-like , which can be deadly to many tires - including this one . Interestingly , I installed a much cheaper `` Performance Bike / Forte Gotham '' tire on the front rim , and the pricey Continental Town & Country on the rear . I had zero problems with the cheapie on the front . To be fair about this comparison - it was the rear tire with the heavier load - towing a bicycle trailer , and carrying two panniers , and me , at about 170 lbs . I purchased this T&C tire on the usually good advice of my LBS , as he knew where I was going . But this tire was not up to the task . On my two other bikes -LRB- a hybrid , skinny tire and hybrid , fat tire -RRB- I use a different model - the 700C `` Continental Top Tour '' - and have had bullet-proof performance , as I often go through broken glass on city streets . When I look at those different Continental Tires side-by-side , this T&C looks flimsy . I 'm now looking for a MTN bike version of that Touring tire . In short , THIS tire failed me , and causes me to cast a critical eye , but maybe it might work fine for your police crew and for you .
 I have had more flats with these tires than with any other tires I have used . I am going back to Schwalbes .
 I bought this griddle after reading reviews from people that its good for Indian cooking . I seasoned it as per instructions.I am totally disappointed . . my Indian flatbread/chapattis turn very hard after roasting on it , forget making dosas or omlettes . . I wish I could return it to the manufacturer and get my money back .
 It is all right where cast iron products are concerned . The only disadvantage is that as it is in original finish , we need to heat it in the oven . My oven is so small . It ca n't fit . So , I can not use it yet . In future , I will only buy seasoned cast iron products . I like Lodge products though .
 I really like that you do n't have to use a key to get it to lock on . It just ratchets closed . It remains to be seen if the rubber coating will break down like it did on my previous Kryptonite lock . It does take a little extra time to get it to fit over a tire , frame and bike rack , so I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . Usually I am in a hurry and just slap it on the rack and frame since I do n't have quick release tires . UPDATE
 A 5 yr old 's life is frustrating enough . Waiting not so patiently for papa to get done with his chores so he can go watch the kids skate . The time has finally come . Every 30 seconds ... papa , the straps are loose again . Thank goodness they are n't to the point of skating down our somewhat steep street . They would break their neck with these straps coming undone.I bought two sets for my two 5 yr olds and the straps keep coming undone on both sets . The tensioning clasp just does n't stay snapped shut . I looked high and low for a good pair of skates with features that I wanted , an inline with training wheels . These looked like the ticket , and I ignored the reviews as I could n't fine others with these features . That 's what I get for ignoring the reviews ... . Overall the skates look like a good design but are rendered useless with the always opening clasps . ... A locking strap clasp would be an easy modification . . .
 I bought these skates for my 3 yr old and the strap keeps coming undone . I 'm going to return them .
 I did n't reseach these before I bought them , BIG MISTAKE . My 3yr . old son could n't go two feet without the straps popping open . Do n't waste your money .
 I was not pleased with this product . My son enjoys skating , but did not like the feel of these skates . The skates were uncomfortable . He was not able to learn how to in-line skate using this product .
 Do not waste your money on these inline skates . I bought them for my 3 year old who was begging for rollerblades thinking these would be safer . They are not ! They are WAY to big even on the smallest setting and on top of it the straps come undone every other minute .
 I took my niece skating last night with these skates . They were forever coming unstrapped - and actually fell off her foot once . They look nice - but not safe at all .
 We bought these for our 4 yr old and were disappointed with them . Too big and hard to handle , however , we picked up a pair of the basic plastic pair that her shoe can also fit in and she did great ! After they get the hang of those , the Barbie adjustable inline skates are great ! They are $ and well worth it ! Stay away from the `` learn to inline skates '' though ! Luckily the store took those back !
 We bought these skates for our 5 year old . She could barely skate in them . They are too big and bulky for children just learning to skate . We returned them and have yet to find another pair .
 These skates were given to my daughter as a birthday gift . I really do not like them the straps keep coming un straped and she is bound to twist her ankle if not fall and break a bone . They are now in the closet and I hope she forgets about them.The are not safe at all .
 I had the highest of hopes for this product . It is unfortunate to discover the locking mechanism only locks one side of the bar where the key hole is located and not the other . The biggest downfall is the California Proposition 65 warning that the product contains cancer causing agents , warning that you should wash your hands after handling.Ask yourself this question
 I was going to order this mat , but the price changed from 129.00 to 169.00 within the 5 minutes it took me to get my credit card - I do n't think this is good business practice !
 I may be a rare case , but I used Off ! while doing a 10-hour film shoot in a forest preserve . I sprayed so much Off ! all over my body multiple times throughout the shoot , but it did n't seem to repel any mosquitoes . In fact I now have over 150 mosquito bites because this stuff is so useless . I respond pretty severely to mosquito bites and was hoping to eliminate the hassle by using this insect repellant . I found it completely useless , and sadly if these massive amount of mosquito bites do n't clear up soon I will need to go to the doctor . What a waste !
 I was going to order this mat , but the price changed from 129.00 to 169.00 within the 5 minutes it took me to get my credit card - I do n't think this is good business practice !
 I 'm no newcomer to castiron cookware & should 've used common sense when it came time to season the cornstick pan . Instead , I followed directions & slapped on the Crisco . Big mistake ! It did n't seem to ` soak in , ' so I rubbed more , heated more . Bottom line is that the Crisco simply caked on , turned dark & I 'll skip the gory details of getting it off . With this introduction , I can hardly wait to try cooking in it ! Other castiron instructions say to use oil , heat & leave overnight in the oven . Future buyers should go directly to Plan B.
 I really do n't like this pan ... i have trouble getting bread out every time ... i am about ready to throw it away
 When I received this product it was not the size that was represented on the website . I was very dissatisfied as this was a Christmas present . However I called amazon immediately and the matter was resolved very professionally and timely . I was unhappy with the product , but very pleased with how amazon handled the matter .
 I do n't like my pan . I oiled it like the instructions say to do and it left a bad flavor behind . Now we can taste it everytime we use it . I have had problems with the cornbread sticking even though I grease the pan .
 I 'm in favor of cast iron cookware in general , and so was charmed by the looks of this pan , and the notion that I could bake ear-of-corn-shaped `` cornsticks '' in it . Theoretically the trick to cornsticks that you can hope to ever actually remove from the pan is to preheat the well-seasoned , greased pan thoroughly . Remove it from the oven and then add the batter carefully , so you do n't burn yourself or any part of your kitchen - and proceed . The cornsticks should come out easily . If they do n't , you are in good company . And at least you have a cute-looking , historic , relatively inexpensive American pan that someone , somewhere can bake successful cornsticks in !
 We 've got two of these and must say that while cute as the dickens conceptually , they are n't worth the time . First of all , the corn image does n't come out clearly . Secondly , they are difficult to clean after the first few times . Thirdly , you would need three to fit the corn mix of two Jiffy Cornbread boxes -LRB- which is mostly what we make . -RRB- Now , if these facts do n't set you back and you are still interested in purchasing this product , let me tell you that THE best way of getting the best corn kernel image is to coat the bottom with Crisco -- all veggie version please . You have your heart 's health to maintain . We tried various versions of spray oil -LRB- ie , regular Pam , Pam-like spray with Flour , Grilling Pam -RRB- and the Crisco butter-flavored sticks worked best.Pam T ~ mom/blogger
 The bottom part of this mask is made of rubber . I took a direct hit to the mouth area , the paintball went right through the rubber vents and hit my lip . Needless to say that it hurt horribly and it swelled to the size of a planet . I felt like I had no mask on , this mask does n't fog but it does n't stop anything that 's going to your mouth , chin or cheeks .
 The mask may look nice but the mouth protecter area is plastic . It can stop the round but shrapnel from the paintball will hit your mouth leaving scars . Get a I4 dye mask . Price may be high but its perfect !
 It is not the full mask it claimes to be in the description !!!! It is only a standard mask !!!!
 My son saved his money to buy those pads and used them for a few times on a ball hockey field and the pads broke at the seams . The pads are very poor quality and the catcher is to stiff for a 9 YEAR OLD to catch and close the glove . Wished I could bring it back but it is broken now .
 i had just used one time ! can not clean out the rust and the burn marks .
 I would not recommend this griddle . I have a flat top stop and it does n't fit across both burners . Do n't waste your money .
 The griddle being reviewed is what 's called ORIGINAL FINISH.That means the item has NOT been treated at the factory toinclude a baked-in coating.A purist who has lots of time , patience , and skill to correctlycoat the Original Finish cast-iron griddle by Lodge -LRB- USA ! -RRB- athome has the golden opportunity to do so.A klutz or overworked person would do well to SKIP coating theOriginal Finish version AND INSTEAD buy a Pre-Seasoned version : ASIN
 This item is heavy and does n't cook pancakes nearly so well as my friends ' less weighty item from Smart and Final . It usually sits up high in the cupboard . I do not take it on camp outs .
 I have one and use it for indoor grilling in inclement weather . It works fine for this , except for the wide ` shelf ' on one side that limits the usable grille space . The problem with this design is that if you get it hot enough to grill on , it will burn off all the seasoning on the side you may wish to use as a griddle . There is no way this product can do both things it claims to do . I have a dedicated griddle for grilled cheese , pancakes , and French toast . I would prefer a dedicated grill to compliment it . Pre-seasoning or non-stick coatings are also not compatible with grilling lamb chops .
 I own at least a dozen of the lodge cookware pieces and love them very much but this is not such a great thing . I went through the normal in the oven seasoning that always works just great but this thing warped like a potato chip ! It did flatten back out as it cooled but everytime I put it on my two burners to use , it warps again making it very rocky on the stove top and my pancakes looked like Picasso made them . It always flattens back out but it 's really a pain in the ah hum to use . The grill side set off all the smoke detectors and left a greasey film on everything in my whole house and I was only using a med low burner , well , at least the door stopped squeeking ! It is also a bit to narrow for two rows of pancakes unless you make them very small and the center does n't get hot enough . Just when you thought you 've experienced all the unpleasantness of this pan , you then go to clean it and discover you 'd be better off just throwing it out in the yard for the dogs to lick clean ! I love you Lodge , I really do but I 'll stick to outside grilling and my larger lodge skillet for hotcakes , the 13 inch round pan is a dream as are all the other pieces I own . As for this heavy sticky thing well , I may try it out on my fire ring next cookout and if that does n't work out , it 's yard sale time !
 This grill/griddle cooks wonderfully - but it looks like our stove gets too hot every time we use the grill side . The first time it almost melted the gas control knobs on the righthand side of the stove , so the next time I put the grill on the left side of the stove . I ended up with a powdery white residue on the stove and the underside of the grille , and it looks like something inside the stove may have gotten very hot.To be honest , I suspect that the problem may be as much related to the type of stove top we have as to the grill design , but the raised rim around both cooking surfaces means that you have a concave surface over your stovetop trapping the heat and reflecting it back toward the stove , more so than with normal pots & pans.On the plus side , the seasoning process works perfectly * provided * that the grill fits in your oven -LRB- do a dry fit before oiling up the grill - we did n't -RRB- . If it does n't fit you 'll have to find a friend or relative with a larger oven for this step.I fried eggs on the griddle side with a touch of butter and had no problem with sticking , even after previously using high heat against that side for grilling meat.I really wish I could give more than 2 stars for this product , but I do n't think we 'll be able to grill on it . On the plus side , this is much less expensive than fancier models with enamel coating . If you end up not being able to use it as you intended , at least you 're not out as much money .
 I have another cast iron kitchen product and am very happy with that one . So I bought this griddle , seasoned it according to instructions and started using it . However , everything sticks to it , making it hell to clean up . I even reseasoned it after one big clean up job , but that did n't help either . I now bought a calphalon griddle and could n't be happier .
 I never have rated anything before so I hope this helps as I read all yours before I bought it myself.I gave it two stars because of several different reasons.It is really heavy I used to lifts weights in my younger days so I thought this would not be an problem for me but I have lymes now and I have found it to be just a bit heavy for me , it even hurts my hands so I would not suggest buying this griddle if you have any muscle or arthritis issues , it is something you really need to consider . next is the storage problem , I have a large kitchen but to date I can not find a place to store this thing , you can not keep it on top of the stove well you cant at least if you have an electric range as they suggest never leaving anything on top for long periods of time not even a pot so there is no way you can leave this heavy griddle on it . I tried the oven but when I opened the oven several days later it smelled and I did not want to bake a cake with that horrible smell in it as I was afraid it would transfer . And yes I cleaned it very well so this thing is still in limbo , very frustrating . Also there are only two of us in this house hold and the griddle is just two darn big for us it is just not practical anything I cook only takes up less then half of the griddle but you have to clean the entire thing of course . Which leads me to cleaning problems , I had found it cleans best only when hot which leads to burns . I have a rather large sink but it still does not fit in it , and I have not figured out how not to scratch the sink in the process . But it does cook well and I have so far not had any sticking problems or chipping of the surface . But then with all the problems stated above I have only used it a few times and had hoped to use it much more . So if all the issues above do bother you then this is the griddle to buy . one last thing I now see it is $ 10.00 less then I paid for it just a month or so ago so you might want to wait and see if it goes on sale I just wish they would stick to one price . a bit frustrating .
 First thing I noticed is how extremely heavy this thing is ! It is very difficult to maneuver.I followed the seasoning instructions , but on first use , my pancakes stuck like cardboard with super glue -LSB- imagine the expletives that came out of my mouth -RSB- . I also noticed that the heat does not distribute evenly , so you really ca n't use the entire cooking surface.Needless to say , this thing is sitting in the garage awaiting my next yard sale .
 First thing is it is extremely heavy to maneuver ! Thought I could work past that.Upon first use , I found that the heat does not distribute evenly , so you really do n't have the entire cooking surface to work with . Also , my pancakes stuck to it like glue . I was fuming mad with expletives spewing left and right!Needless to say , I did n't keep the box to return it , so it is sitting in the garage awaiting the next yard sale .
 One of these big , heavy , griddles will fit smartly over two burners and let you make a lot of -LRB- for example -RRB- pancakes or French toast at one time . If you season as directed , and use oil or fat in addition , sticking wo n't be a problem.Lodge cast iron is great , but this griddle is not well-designed . Its two-sidedness at first seems clever but in fact , by being `` reversible , '' with both sides usable for cooking , the `` seasoning '' on the side toward the burner gets wrecked each time you cook . In addition , being virtually handleless , it is nearly impossible to move when hot . It 's meant to stay put - on your stove . You have to leave it alone for a good hour , before washing up . Later , in the sink , the weight and size of this griddle is inconvenient . -LRB- Cast iron scratches porcelain . -RRB- I went back to my pans .
 We had used the same tent for many , many years and thought it was time for a bigger tent . We bought this tent to better fit the family on our last camping trip . To our surprise when we tried to set it up , the grommet and tab that connects the pole to the ground was missing on one of the four corners . Also missing was the tab and grommet to stake down one of the mud porch flaps . We rigged the pole to our vehicle using some spare rope and used a rock to hold down the mud porch . It seemed ingenuity might keep the tent upright , but then a tab that was sewn onto the tent detached . We ended up fitting the whole family in the bed and cab of the truck for the night . We took down the tent and stowed the items in the carrying bag , hoping the experience with the tent would be over . Not quite . The seam on the bag now has a hole ! The tent is tall and roomy but terrible for the wind . This is the worst quality I have seen in any product in a very long time . It 'll be returned today .
 This product looks used and the DVD has scratches on it . I will be putting it up up upmomentarily and will update accordingly . Even the threads look like they have alot of wear and tear : - -LRB-
 The pole itself seems to be a solidly built , but so many of the parts that it came with where defective from day we got it that he pole was useless . The upper bolt that adjusts the height of the pole was defective from the day we got it and all but impossible to adjust . The hidden screws that are suppose to hold the pole when it is in the fixed position were stripped out . The company customers service was completely worthless , I called multiple times and each time got a voice mail account . I left several messages and my call where never returned . This might of been a good product had all of the parts worked .
 After reading all the comments , I ordered one . And I just ca n't install it . Top extension is just stuck and that 's it . Three guys tried to do something about and failed . And there is no returns , so I just lost my money .
 I bought this item X2 for my vacation home . They did not last even two weeks before they started to come apart at the seams . Nobody who used it was more that 160 pounds in weight.It is a shoddy product that is not fit for use as described . In the UK it could have been returned as not fit for the purpose for which it is sold.I purchased it around one month prior to my stay in USA and can not now return it due to Amazon 30 day return policy . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 This chair was extremely cheaply made . The fabric actually ripped the second time I used it , making the chair worthless .
 I bought two of these for use around our pool . People like them and find them comfortable . One problem though -- something inside the hinges rusts ! We do n't have much rain here in West Texas but it has rained several times since I purchased these . When we went to move one rusty water spilled out from the hinges onto our pool decking.I certainly would n't purchase one of these unless I had no concern about the rust situation or never expected it to get wet !
 I am 130 lbs and I ripped this chair after only owning it for 1 year !!! I was so pissed off when it happened . I guess it 's only good for a year , you were warned ...
 I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and not skinny . My back gets tired when I read sitting ; this seemed the most affordable redress .1 . This is too short for me to lay in without my feet hanging off and the aluminum bar at the end from causing my shins great discomfort . Major design flaw ! I estimate the woman in the stock photo is 5 ' 5 '' or shorter .2 . The face-support cushions are very cheap and not comfortable . Not sure what I expected for this price , but I expected some amount of comfort for more than five minutes .3 . The arm holes are such as to cut off circulation when I lay there and try to read.In short , my feet , arms , and face are greatly discomforted by this chair intended for greater comfort . I feel like a sucker , and now I 'm out return shipping as well since it 's not Amazon 's fault I bought an unfortunate product ...
 Bought for vacation and within days rips and damage -LRB- bought just for laying on at beach , no crazy stuff -RRB- . I would have been ok with lasting only the season but less than one week ? Never again .
 supposed to be rated to hold like over 200 lbs or something . my husband weighs maybe 170 , he sat back on the chair and the thing ripped . we had it for maybe a week , what a piece of crap . do n't waste your money .
 This chair is not well made ; pay attention to the fact that the chaise only has two stands ; the absence of a footer under the part of the chair where the feet rests is a major deficiency . It is difficult to get up without tilting over-so safety is a concern .
 Mechanism that enables folding and locking broken and badly manufactured from inception . Would not buy . Seriously disappointed . Crappy and weak construction
 Cheaply made . The head of the lounger slips downward snd does n't stay up where the lounger is flat . I am only 120 lbs so there is no reason for it to not hold my head and upper body up . Face cut out is not very comfortable either . I knew the `` quality '' before I ordered it so I am the only one to blame . When is a decent company going to make these without charging an arm and a leg ?
 The product arrived already broken , inside an also broken box . They have covered the broken box by placing the broken box inside a bigger box .
 The Ostrich Beach Chair is designed for a person with very short arms and a very small head . I am an average size person and can not use it while lying on my stomach as is shown in the sketch of the product.The whole chair should have been designed to sit higher off the ground .
 A full time , year round student , I had high hopes of being able to read and study while laying in the sun . I do not know if this was a faulty one or not , but the catch system failed the second day of usage , and now had to be propped up in order to use the face end . Not pleased , as I am on tight budget , and felt that this might last for a while .
 I should have read the reviews more carefully , especially the one that says it RUSTS . I ordered it April 11 , 2012 , and already they 're rusting - in just 3 weeks . Big disappointment .
 I use to always buy the Capuccino Ice then stopped for about 6 months . When I purchased it again , it was renamed Capuccino and the recipe changed -LRB- looks like no caffeine -RRB- . It now tastes just as bad as the rest of the protein shakes on the market . What happened ? It use to taste great !! Get on the ball EAS and go back to the old recipe !!!
 I ordered three -LRB- 3 -RRB- towels . The towels they sent were not the same design as those featured on the order form . What 's worse two of the towels were of one design and the third a completely different design . A very disappointing experiece for a first-time Master Sports Towel customer .
 The reel works good . I like the trigger function , and it casts and retrieves smoothly enough . The rod , however , was no good . As I was preparing it for my first cast , I noticed a crack in it and soon after it sort of just fell apart . I just gave it two stars because of the reel , which I will just put on a different rod . Overall , it looks good and is low cost , but still not worth it .
 One star for the pretty two tone paint job , and for the overall light weightness of the bicycle . Other than that it is a piece of junk . Upon unpacking it from the cardboard boxes , I immediately noticed a deep rusted gouge on the top midway down the down tube . The bike was also coated with dust-perhaps it was a floor demo model . Anyway upon assembling and adjusting it , the first replacement I had to make was the pedals-it came with the cheapest plastic platform pedals I 've ever encountered . That was to be the least of my worries . I ride daily in 25-40 mile increments . At 100 miles two of the rear spokes snapped at the hub . Off to the bikeshop , I had to buy a replacement wheel because it turns out the wheel was too cheap to bother to be repaired -LRB- respoked -RRB- . Cha-ching $ 110.00 bucks . 50 miles later two of the front spokes snapped off when I was 22 miles from home . Back to the bikestore with this el-cheapo front wheel for a new replacement . Cha-ching another $ 90.00 . -LRB- Mind you the replacements I bought were next to lowest of the line Schimanos , so the costs could have been much worse -RRB- . Today at 300 miles road time on it the bottom bracket burned up - it had come loose and started pinging and popping at 150 miles-and while getting the new front wheel the bike shop boys tightened the bottom bracket . Cha-ching another $ 50.00 . All spent to this point was the cost of the darn thing . The flat handlebar to those of us used to using a drop handlebar on a roadbike , this thing will give you incredible wrist and forearm pain -LRB- and the onset of carpal tunnel symptoms -RRB- from lack of ability to change hand positions . I added bar ends -LRB- cha-ching -RRB- and now have resorted to installing a drop handlebar -LRB- more money -RRB- . Next cycling season I will again be shopping for a road bike . This was my first Schwinn and my last Schwinn ...
 First day I got the bike , the tubing on the back tire was already blown . Wasted money and time to deal with that.The bike rode fine for a bit . I ride it to commute a short distance so before any reasonable wear and tear went into this bike , the left pedal came off during the second week.I read reviews from amazon before purchasing this bike and I did shrug off one of the reviewer 's comment about the pedal coming off , thinking it could n't be a big deal . But it was . It was n't the pedal but the crank arm that was the source of the problem . This arm is made of really cheap plastic , which is very unusual . The treading where the pedals screw into the arm is easily stripped because the plastic will not be able to handle that sort of stress.Considering the fact that the crank is where the rider transfers and generates the force for the bike to move , it 's a thoughtless place for the company to go cheap-o on . That sort of thoughtlessness and stinginess on the part of the company leads me to doubt that much of the rest of the bike wo n't need additional replacements.Already the bike has cost me a good deal of time and money . I 've had several bikes before , pricier ones , and if I could do this over again , I would not buy this bike again . Any savings made from the initial purchasing price will be lost when having to repair and replace parts on this thing . If you 're not handy with fixing bikes , this will cost you even more .
 Our 2 daughters love camping out -LRB- indoors -RRB- , but the first time we set it up , one of the poles snapped . I 've worked with tents for a long time , so I know that I did not bend it beyond it 's initial design .
 I bought this from a local retailer , and the first time I tried setting up the tent , one of the loops that holds the tent poles in place burst immediately , effectively making the tent useless . I returned it for a second tent , and this time it lasted for about an hour before it spontaneously burst -LRB- my 3-year old daughter was not playing rough with it at all -RRB- . I suspect that it may just be a bad batch , since others seem to have high opinions of this item . However , next time I think I will try one of the Coleman tents and hope that their quality control is a bit better .
 My daughtes love to play princess.The Sleeping bag is wonderful.The tent is ok too , but the tent poles are really flimsy and break easily which spoils the fun fast.Poles are 7mm in diameter Total length 110 inches . I found some on line , at Amazon but at $ 15 with shipping the price is high relative to the cost of the tent.Instead Here is a method for make-shift repairs . - Go to a hardware store and look for fiberglass driveway edge markers -LRB- often they come with a reflecter mounted on top that can be cut off . -RRB- The poles are solid so try flexing them in the store as some brands flex better than others . The ones I found were 7.8 mm in dia which meant I had to find some metal tubing to join them together . There is no shock cord , but at least it works.If you can buy one each of a 6 ' and 4 ' pole instead of three 4 ' to minimize jointsGood luck.Oh if you do real tenting buy extra of the markers , Since they come with reflective tape I stab one into the gound by each of the guide wires that hold up my tent so I do n't trip over the wires at night .
 Tent is very cute but not very sturdy . A friend of my daughters -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- lost her balance and just barely fell on it and one of the wooden rods broke and now the tent wo n't sit level on the ground . Also , there were no instructions as to how to put it together . Would n't buy this one if I could do it all over again .
 We were so disappointed , and after purchasing , read many reviews that stated the same problems . The tent itself it great , and we are still using it because my husband jerry-rigged the broken poles , but it is not easy to put up anymore . We bought it a few years ago for our new granddaughter to sleep in at grandma 's house , and the little sleeping bag that came with it was just the right size . It was small enough for our small living room , and easy to put up/take down in the beginning . For the price , we were very happy , but then about 6 months later -LRB- mind you , we only used it about once a month -RRB- , the fiberglass poles started splitting . we have used electrical tape to fix them , but they do not hold . We ended up repairing it -LRB- imperfectly -RRB- with some old tend poles we had . I searched everywhere for replacement poles , which I happily would have purchased , but I was unable to find any . We are still using this product which not longer stands up straight , but would pay a little more in the future for something that would last longer .
 I was trying unsuccessfully to replace a really nice white Columbia fleece jacket that I bought some years ago which resisted stains amazingly , looks really nice on me , and goes with everything . This is not it . This -LRB- Benton Springs Style Number 209 WL 6114 -RRB- is a cheap imitation of my old fleece Columbia jacket -LRB- style number 207 WL6114 -RRB- . I bought three Benton Springs jackets on 1-27-2010 at Sports Authority and I 'm returning at least the two white ones , where the difference in quality is really noticable . I 'm going to keep a navy blue one where the inferior cut , styling , workmanship , and quality control is not as noticable . In white , mine look cheap and slightly flawed , workmanship wise . I have another white fleece jacket from Walmart with the same problem that came as a liner with a -LRB- cheap -RRB- white raincoat.Another difference is that the new ones are fuzzier , softer and thicker and the white is pinker . That would be fine if it hung and fit nicely like it 's predessor.It 's so hard to replace women 's clothes when they wear out , even in classic styles . Often I have to go to another brand to get the same thing since it 's `` out of style '' in the brand I start with . Are they assuming it never wears out ? The zipper eventually broke on my original Columbia fleece jacket , not before I got a lot of wear out of it , and a white jacket can not stay stain free forever even though this fabric was very stain resistant .
 I ordered this item through Amazon from The Fashion Rack on December 8 , 2010 and never recieved it . I have ordered many things from Amazon and have always received them , but did not recieve my order from The Fashion Rack or a response from The Fashion Rack . I watched the USPS tracking as it came to my state then went to a totally different state . I emailed The Fashion Rack through Amazon and never got a response to my email . I have emailed a second time still waiting to hear something .
 I ordered this columbia fleece in a size small . I received it today and it was a medium . The tag on the inside of the jacket says medium , and the sticker on the bag it was packaged it said medium , but the price tag said it was a small . The jacket is way too big for me , and I would like to return it . I am hesitant though , because I 'm worried that if I return it and order from this seller again I will receive another jacket in the wrong size . Has anyone else had this problem ?
 I ordered This almost 20 Days Ago And still Havent recieved it.So Im Completely Done With this seller.If you Expect it a Certin Time Dont Bother .
 Although I ordered the size I usually wear , the sleeves were much too long and it was n't large enough around the bust even though it was advertised as being loose fitting . Apparently this item was designed for tall , slender women with long arms . The advertising is misleading .
 I owned a similar Columbia jacket years ago -LRB- not sure exact style -RRB- but I know that even then I would n't have spend an arm and a leg on it , so I figured it was reasonable to compare the two . This jacket feels incredibly cheap ! It 's ok , keeps me warm . A nice light fleece , but I was expecting something a little heavier and more durable . Hanging this over the back of my chair , I was worried that the posts on the chair were going to pop a hole through ! They are n't pointy and are a good size , at least an inch , and this was n't by exerting any sort of force on the jacket.The seller shipped me the wrong color anyway , and I 'm supposed to be getting a full refund . Otherwise , I 'd likely return it and fork some money out for something worthwhile .
 The stadium gel seat was definitely smaller than I expected it to be . There also was n't much padding , but it was delivered quickly and in good condition . I would probably recommend this product to a child , young teenager , or someone short and petite . If you want a small gel seat without a lot of padding , this product is right for you .
 Ordered this item to take to band competitions because I have to sit in the bleachers all day . It was no better than most of the other cushions that I have bought in the past . It was very hard and very thin . I ordered 3 of them and even combined , they were n't soft or comfy . Would not recommend them .
 Returned the seats as they are no better than the old fashioned ones - non gel - stadium seats we have been using for years . Perhaps expectations were unrealistic.If you need cushions , these may be as good as any and they are lightweight and somewhat weather proof otherwise , stick with what you have and save some money .
 I received this product quickly as always from Amazon . The cushion was much smaller than I expected and did not have sufficient padding to make it useful . The combination of gel and foam should be twice as thick and the cushion itself needs to be longer and wider . This might work well for a child or a petite person , but for a larger frame person , it did nothing . I returned this product shortly after trying it out . I found a thicker , larger dense foam cushion at a local sports store instead .
 I tried to return this item and the return feature would n't work . I ordered it for my 78 year old Mother and if there 's any gel in it they must have used an eyedropper to install it .
 So small , thin and awkward ... you could use a piece of newspaper and your seat would be more comfortable.The picture looked so good I did n't listen to the reviews and had no gift for my daughter .
 Purchased this for NASCAR race and could n't figure out if it was better to have little cushion for both cheeks or fair cushion for 1 cheek .
 The item was received the next day and really looked great ! Sturdy , easy to clean , convenient handle , fit easily into my back pack . It was even rather benign in that nobody really noticed me pulling it out along with books and notebooks and plopping it onto my chair at university , all of these are great , if you do n't actually need a cushion between your buttocks and a hard surface which this does not provide . It also lifts you just enough to allow the front edge of the seat to cut into the backs of your thighs . Not only was it no help , it made things a bit worse . I do not recommend it for anyone except for those who can be fooled by the placebo effect .
 I believe the picture in the ad is actual size !!! Do not buy this one unless you need to improve the decor in your Barbie Castle ! Seriously , I was shocked to see the small box on my porch when this thing arrived . I have two little girls , 4 and 6 , and this thing barely fits ONE of them ... nevermind two ! Although it seems to be good quality , this is the smallest bean bag I have ever seen , much less owned . NOT recommended .
 Very disappointed with this tree . Way out of true making it almost dangerous to use . Requires a large shim to keep it from rocking .
 Aside from the bamboo , everything else was synthetic . Most of the parts should be made of leather . The stitching started coming undone after my first practice . For the money , I 'd stick with shinai from ebogu .
 The shinai was nice to look at but not good for sparring . I was afraid that it would break during sparring . It was also shorter than I expected it to be thereby making it useless for me . I wish that I could get my money back .
 I do n't usually bother with these reviews , but I want to save people the hassle involved with this product . The first problem was like the other posters expressed , there were no instructions . It was n't very hard to figure out , but still , include some instructions . This was n't enough to break my spirit though cause once figured out , I could still use it , until today.I 've only used it for a total of maybe 10 minutes , and I just got it for christmas , so why , if it has been safely stored away since I last used it , is there a big crack where the hose meets the brush?This crack makes it very difficult to paint considering he air is all escaping through the crack and doesnt get a chance to propel the paint.Be aware that this is a very cheaply made airbrush . Not that you should really expect much from the price , but I still expect for even this low of a price for a product to be a little better quality.A beginner would be discouraged before really getting into the art of airbrushing with this product .
 Well , for a starter kit , I would have thought there would have been an instruction booklet . There was n't one . This disappointed me . The back of the bubble card has the pieces outlined but does n't explain how to put them together or how to use it .
 I was very disappointed when I got my Ez started air brush kit it does n't look like it does in the picture , it is not as good quality as it shows in the picture and it does n't have the important features that an artist needs , it is very cheap looking . The picture is very deceiving .
 do not buy this gun . it would n't pull the paint up through the gun . could n't get it to work , and broke it trying !!!!
 I picked this one up in a hobby store just to get started . I got home and realized I could n't use it with my home compressor . I went back to the store and tried to find an adapter but they did n't have one so I was forced to get a spray can . I have since purchased a much better AB from Amazon .
 I purchased this item for $ 9.99 which i taught was a great deal . after receiving it . I relized the batterypack and charger were not included in the box . you have to purchase it separately for around $ 34.00 plus shipping .
 tony hawk skateboard is not a good toy ; It does n't have it 's own battery pack so you have to buy one separately . you end up spending almost $ 100 . -- just to get it working . It fell apart in 2 places the first half hour of using it . if anyone has an unopened package , send it back or take it back . an unworthy toy !
 Mr. Foiles has been convicted in both the US and Canada for violations to the Migratory Bird Act and cruelty to animals.Many of the scenes in these videos show his disregard for any hunting ethics .
 So poor in quality that it broke as soon as several canes where placed in the slots . Very cheap quality
 ordered a dog leash before Christmas to this day have never received it , the company made an attempt to correct the problem and after several e-mails back and forth and in an effort to recover the service sent the wrong merchandise . Another e-mail said they would send the leash that was ordered but to this day have never received it or heard from them again . Stay clear of this company .
 Never received it . Wrote the company . They wrote back and told ME to contact the post office . I feel that the shipper should be more worried than that and should help resolve it .
 I thought the material was different than what it actually was . What it is is a polyester hat . And , extremely goofy looking.Not for me .
 This is the second watch we ordered . First one leaked after my girl went swimming with it . We ordered another one thinking that we will be lucky the second time around ... well , we were not . This watch is supposed to be water resistanct to 20m , but it did n't even hold 1 meter underwater . We 've lost all confidence in Timex watches .
 Sorry I bought this product . There are much better padded seats out there because I have seen them at the arena but could n't find them . This one is thinly padded foam with straps holding back rest to the seat cushion which only makes it complicated to use . If it was more thickly padded both seat and back and held together with zippered closure it would be much improved . One could store a blanket -LRB- and cow bell -RRB- inside when needed . I should have returned them -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Oh well . '
 Good price , but not exactly what I was looking for . Not enough padding and the back could be a bit higher for support .
 I ordered these seats at the beginning of the football season to spare our rear ends in the bleachers . But it has been over 6 weeks since I ordered it and not response to why it is late . The high school football season is almost over and I still have not seen these stadium seats . I do n't know if they are still on the way or if they have pulled one over on me . I will keep you informed .
 I am disappointed in this seat and , though I did not return it , I have stopped using it . I wanted to use it as a portable stiffener for my very soft couch , as I have a bad shoulder . But it is so covered in straps , velcro , and awkward corners , it is virtually impossible to use for that purpose . I may give it to my husband to take to ball games this Spring .
 I thought the material was different than what it actually was . What it is is a polyester hat . And , extremely goofy looking.Not for me .
 I had hoped to keep my birding scope at the ready on the deck table but for me this is totally inadequate.Note that it uses the window clamp to attach the scope to the tripod but the tiny clamp does n't have the strength to grip the tripod tab and the knob slips on the screw if you try to make it sufficiently tight . It might be ok for a small camera , but telescopes need a wider base of support with no play in the moving parts ; otherwise your image jumps all about . Do you realize the shortest leg is only 4 inches ? Unfortunately-for my use-I made a mistake of buying a toy for a serious need .
 This product is very flimsy . It feels like it will break if you use it .
 If this towel gets any smaller , it will be a bowling towel for a Barbie doll .
 This is listed as 140 double snelled hooks and showed 7 different sizes so I assumed that I would be getting about 20 of each hook size . However , all I received was one pack of size 8 miniature hooks with only 6 hooks in it . Complete rip off . Why the hell would I pay over a dollar a piece for a few size 8 hooks . I could have gone to my local tackle shop and picked up a variety pack of over 100 for less than 10 bucks . This was intentionally listed that way just to deceive the buyer . Needless to say I will not be purchasing anything from Red 's Gear ever again ! Steer clear of this vendor !
 not sure how they work because I only got replacement blades . only giving a one because they sent the wrong product . use this as a
 This is a very high quality knife , and i give it 5 stars for quality and construction . The tiger striping , however , does not match the picture shown . instead of cool looking foggy gray stripes , it has crappy looking tan painted on stripes . This is a purely cosmetic flaw , but product is not as advertised so only 2 stars .
 I really want to like this knife . The blade is decent . The assisted-open function is one of my favorites . The size and fit for my hand , along with the grip and ridging , are perfect for me and the way I prefer to hold a knife for self-defense or emergency cutting . For the price - I hoped this would replace one of my Benchmade or Spidercos for EDC . If this had held up to EDC - I would have several of these . Alas - it is not to be.This knife was obviously never field-tested , or it would not exist with this design.Fundamental Design Flaws : Blade Safety-Lock - the safety lock on the blade , ostensibly for safe use while on boats -LRB- cut lines with backside blade-slot -RRB- is dangerous for EDC or emergency use . If put in the pocket , it invariably locks itself after a few minutes of activity . Unfortunately , the lock is at the top of the blade by the pocket clip . Which means for any reasonable draw given the assisted-opener design of this knife - you would have to draw the knife , reverse , unlock the lock with the thumb , then reverse again and open . Fail.Pocket-clip catch - the pocket clip on the knife is not flush at the top where it attaches . The opening at the top of the clip follows over to the top of the knife in an L-angle . What this means is that if you attach it to a pocket of any type that has a thick seam at the top -LRB- double/triple-stitched -RRB- the seam will work it 's way to the top , and then over the top into the small `` L '' part of the clip . What this really means is that if you have to get at this knife in an emergency - you will not be able to draw it - the pocket seam will be caught at the top of the clip . The seam will work up and over the `` L '' -LRB- into the small part of the `` L '' , at the top -RRB- and good luck getting the knife free then . This has happened to me dozens of times . Fail.Blade finish - as a last ditch I used this as a camping knife . The finish on the blade is susceptible to acids . All it took was cutting tomatoes to stain it ... -LRB- polishing with gun oils eventually reduced the stains -RRB- . Really disappointing . I had great luck with SOG knives before they got into folders , and started shipping their fixed-blade manufacturing from Japan to China .
 I bought these to help me with the toe pain I get sometimes when I run . I put them on my orthodics and started out on my run . About two miles in my feet hurt so badly from the pads that I had to stop running and remove them . I was really hoping these would work for me as they had for some of the other reviewers . Unfortunately , they did not . $ 15 not well spent !
 I put these in a pair of Keen sandals ... They kind of worked a couple of days ... Then the pad started separating from the adhesive . The Pad is inching past the adhesive causing a two layer mess ... Now I do n't know how to get them out . REALLY wish I had n't ruined my Keens ...
 I bought these for metatarsalitis . They lasted for two days before falling apart . The adhesive between the layers and on the bottom of the insole started slipping right away .
 This product is great if you already have an insole with metatarsal suupport . Otherwise it is impossible to know where to place it on the insole .
 Very difficult to place properly in the shoe , and to keep them there . They actually caused a bit of pain as well .
 Are you kidding ? These were a total waste of time and money . Awkward to place in shoe , awkward to wear . Sent back .
 Bad adhesive holding layers together . Poor quality . Product came apart . Needs a recall from market . Top layer migrated quickly from bottom layer .
 Way too small to give any benefit . In fact it was irritating in my shoe . I 've returned them , and got foam insoles instead .
 This did n't help my metatarsal pain , it made it worse , especially when I first got up in the mornings . I tried walking around with these things in my shoes for 2.5 days before I ripped them out . It took a week before the pain in my feet when I got up in the morning went back DOWN to where it was prior to trying these . Walking around the rest of the day , they were uncomfortable and ultimately not helpful on the long walks that tended to aggravate the neuroma.An absolute waste of money . The rounded part you see in the pictures is a thin , flimsy piece of soft foam that sits on top of a hard 2 or 3 mm thick foam base cut square at the edges . The instructions are not very clear on where to put them in the shoe so I was constantly trying different iterations and never found a comfortable position . Even after 2 days the fabric on top was already lifting to reveal the foam underneath so they were n't going to last long . I ca n't believe I spend what I did on something as cheaply and poorly made as these pads .
 Once you put this item in its not removable and it does not allow any felixibilty if you install in the wrong place .
 I really wanted to like these , so much so that when the first pair arrived defective , I immediately reordered . The second pair seemed fine so I put them in my brand new sandals . The idea of the breathable cover is a great concept . Just not a great execution of that concept . Within two weeks of sporadic use , the neoprene cover has completely separated from the pad . To be fair , Amazon has refunded the full purchase price . But now I have to pull these out and figure out how to get the adhesive off . For $ 10 less than these , you can get met pads from Hapad . They are n't perfect either , but at 1/3 the price , it 's a better bet .
 I bought this to pad the ball of my foot in a dance shoe -LRB- heels -RRB- . I tried it in every position imaginable , but it was just too thick and hard for my purpose . Did n't bother to send it back because I 'd already paid half the price on shipping . Guess i 'll give it to someone or whom it might work ...
 I received a Casio Waveceptor watch as a gift , and was thrilled with the accuracy and coolness factor of having an `` atomic watch '' . That ended abruptly when the battery died . For starters , that happens quicker than you 'd expect with a normal watch , since the process of receiving the radio signal takes a lot of battery power to accomplish . Then there 's the process you must go through to get the battery changed.I went to several places , starting with Wal-Mart and ending with a dedicated watch store . All of them told me the same thing
 I wanted to like this watch , but could n't . If you want a decent atomic watch , get one of the timex ones , such as `` Timex 1440 Sports Radio Control 50041 '' or `` Timex 1440 Sports Radio Control 50031 '' . I have the 50041 and it has no trouble receiving the time in Washington State.This casio was the smallest and lightest of the casio waveceptors but is still way too big .
 Had it for a year and a half.Loved the accuracy . Lots of features and bells and whistles . Neat when you first get it , but you do n't really use them much.I 'll echo the comment that the buttons are too hard to activate.Watertight seal failed at the year and a half point.Will buy another Waveceptor type watch , but not this one .
 I had this gun for 1 day actually more like an hour , and it got jammed . I cleared out the jammed soft pellets and it now will not fire anymore it simply lets the soft pellets roll out when i pull the trigger .
 Be aware that this NOT an actual soccer ball ; just a playground ball with soccer-ball colored markings . This kind of ball , without the coloring , is available for far less at most major discount stores .
 This is not a soccer ball , but in fact a small , under-inflated rubber ball with a soccer ball design printed on it . It might be a good choice for a small child , but lower priced options of the same quality are available . If you need an actual soccer ball , this is not for you .
 I like the watch and it works well but I ca n't use it because the plastic band broke after I had it just a few days and I do n't know how to replace it .
 I live in a major metro area in the NW and can get a clear signal about 10 percent of the time . I live on a hill and the weather does n't seem to be a factor . That would not be so bad , but adjusting the time manually is quite complicated . Save the watch manual for reference ! The pure-silver version of this watch looks nice but with most watches being very accurate , `` downloading '' the absolute correct time is pointless .
 I put this camera up on a trail where there were many footprints of various types of wildlife . The pictures it took of me as I set it up and walked away were pretty good . That afternoon , it rained . The next day I went to see what if anything the camera had recorded . As I walked up to it , I noticed that the led motion sensor was not flashing , so the camera did not see me . As I got closer , I discovered why . The lens , the flash , and the sensor all had water in them . When I opened the door to check it , water poured out of the unit . I was able to get everything dried out , and it looks like the unit is still working . However , had I not gone out to check on it , I am sure given the amount of water in the unit , it would eventually be ruined . Does n't `` Trail Camera '' imply that it is suitable for outdoor use ? The strap used to attach the unit to a tree or post is also very poorly done , and does not hold well , but this is an easy thing to fix.I do n't plan on returning it because there are n't many units on the market that have a response time like this one for this price . I am going to find an outdoor rated enclosure to put the camera in , and if you intend on getting this camera , I would recommend doing the same.Update
 I ordered this before Christmas and have not received it . I have nothing to rate . Poor customer service .
 Well I was so thrilled about getting this knife ... but when it arrived ; I was completely disappointed by the blades not so sharp blade and the over-all cheap feel of the knife . I mean c'mon I own a $ 20 Kershaw knife thats made better than this knife and my little Kershaws blade is way sharper ! Hell I have a $ 26 Gerber knife thats sharper than this SOG . I just feel like I got played for my money with this purchase . Do n't get me wrong i still like SOG knives and I own atleast 8 or 9 but this Flash II is a let down IMHO . It looks cool but that 's about it !
 Very unsatisfied with the case . It was very cheap and the locks were very fragile.The chips are pritty good .
 If you ask me , the one I bought was junk.A waste of money.Take my advice and use a regular digital camera to view your pictures with.The Bushnell viewer that I bought would not view my sd card pictures and also caused me to loose my pictures that were on the sd card.I have nener been a fan of Bushnell anyway.SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this is not a camera and on the package it clearly says viewer . but i thought it was a camera
 Ordered this item hoping to receive a simple way to check our multiple trail cams in the field , was really disappointed . Received the product and tried to use every size of SD card in it . The thing would randomly turn on and then would not turn off . The buttons would not work most of the time and the instructions were really not helpful at all if you happened to have any problem.I called the vendor Ace Photo Digital and they could n't answer any questions more than giving me a number for Bushnell . Calling Bushnell they wanted me to pay to ship it to them or call Amazon to have a ticket sent to me to ship it . So , 2 different companies trying to pass the buck . Finally Bushnell agreed to send me a ticket to ship it to them for repair or replacement.Horrible experience on a really simple product that should simply work correctly .
 I guess it is somewhat my fault but I thought that this was an actual camera with a built in viewer ! The title should be changed to camera viewer ! I was trying to purchase this quickly so my husband did n't see me -LRB- it was a Christmas present -RRB- .
 This item did not work when I received it in the mail , it was difficult to operate and the instructions were pretty vague . I returned it and was out the shipping cost for the delivery and the return , so I should have bought it in a store and saved a bit .
 This watch does not measure up to all that it says . I bought this watch in July of this year and it does not keep time . I change the battery and still does not keep time it is not water resistant the watch misted up . I have not contacted Famous Brand Watches who sold it to me to get feed back . But it is a waste of money go for a Casio Instead .
 I thought this would be a great CD for our senior class . It started out with instructions but ended up with more music and no instructions . Sold the CD to an instructor in another state .
 It arrived on time , however , the superman `` S '' on the seat was backwards , the the back breaks did not work properly and did not even touch the tire , and the front rim was bent .
 We bought this bike for our 4yr old son . It looks great and is very easy to assemble . But like the hero it was created after , it is made of SOLID STEEL . You might think this is a great thing but I do n't . The solid steel frame makes for an extremely heavy bike . This make peddeling this model a problem for young riders . My son is very tall for his age and probably stronger then most but still had a tough time with this monster . Although I adjusted them several times , the wheels do not roll with a smooth fluid motion . I do n't advocate paying huge prices for a luxury style model bike for kids who will outgrow them in what seems likes minutes after leaving the store . But this inexpensive model may leave your youngster feeling like riding a bike is not for him . My son tossed this model aside in no time and headed for his scooter faster then a speeding bullet . -LSB- Now where have I heard that before :-RRB- -RSB- Training wheels only add to the problem on this model so I 'd try another . As I said , this model looks GREAT but is not worth even the inexpensive price .
 After less than a year of owning these tires , I noticed that my front tire sidewall split resulting in a flat . I 've always taken well care of my tires , proper tire pressure and never ran over anything that would result in such damage to the sidewall . Do you research on these tires , they are know to split on the sidewall for NO reason at all . I contacted Panaracer -LRB- Panasonic -RRB- and they said that they would do nothing besides forwarding my complaint to Japan . They said that the split was a result of something cutting the tire but as you will see in the picture , it is not a cut but a pulling of the fibers away from the webbing . BEWARE for you own safety . DO NOT PURCHASE PANARACER series tires . I 'll post a picture of the split .
 This was a sad joke . First of all you do not get a set of two , you get one . Second , they are not night lights . They are a cheap little trinket that are clearly labeled musical novelty snowman . They play a piercing and tinny version of Jingle Bells and have a changing color light in them . They would be a hit at any dollar store . I sent them all back . Do n't buy !!
 I purchased the largest stuff sack after measuring my sleeping bag and thinking size wise it should be able to fit . When the bag arrive I opened it and followed the directions to stuff my sleeping bag into the bag - it did not fit -LRB- only half of the bag made it into the stuff sack . I was not impressed with the product and I am not sure what I will eventually use the stuff sac for .
 Just hung up from Coleman service line . There 's no way that I can send in the leak airbed and get it fix . :-LRB- You would think that big company must have some kind of repair option , but what the rep told me , in short , `` use soapy water to find the leak and to go target to get a patch '' GREAT advise , is n't it?I think many experience airbed only when you have guests over , on daily basis there 's no way you would know . Airbed is something you should buy when you need , and return right after!Final note ... this is Coleman everyone , a leading outdoor gear company . REI never do this to customer .
 great grip , good balance but edge does n't stay sharp at all so it already finding its way to the back of the drawer with the other knives.I even sharpen it with a ceramic rod but really do i have to do this constantly when i 'm cutting vegetables.i 'm disappointed after all the video hype good if i want to stab my fruit .
 Nice hr monitor when it works . The batteries always burn out fast ! Sometimes in less than a month , so I do n't use it anymore .
 Product Advertised is not what we received . Bought the 40oz , received a 5oz . Very disappointed as this is what you can get in the store immediately and at half the price .
 The item is not 40 ounce as discribed . They gave me 5ounce instead . it Totally makes me crazy because returning chemical item is troublesome .
 I thought the material was different than what it actually was . What it is is a polyester hat . And , extremely goofy looking.Not for me .
 The bag is very well made , but the dive mask just barely fits inside . If it was a little bigger , I would give it 5 stars . But I have to squeeze my mask to make it fit . Unless they make the bag bigger , I would not recommend to others .
 I used this bench for a little over 9 months.The back piece was misaligned when I received the bench , causing me to lean a little to the left when lying back on it.The plywood in the seat began breaking after about 3 months . It has little support from the steel frame of the bench.The frame began swaying back and forth at the joint that connects the bench to the front feet after about 6 months of use . That probably was partly due to my using a little more than the maximum rated weight on the leg attachment -LRB- I used 160 lbs , max was 150 -RRB- . I was not impressed with the design of this bench or the quality of the materials used in it . I stopped using it when it seemed like a safety hazard to continue using.Aside from going over the max weight on the leg attachment , I went easy on the bench , trying to keep it in workable shape . I never lifted dumbbells heavier than 80 lbs , and at 160 lbs I was hardly putting more than average strain on the bench .
 Unless you 're using very little weight , I would not recommend this purchase.Construction is poor . The pivoting piece was so out of square that it required replacement . With 50 # mounted , the back leg raises off the floor . With 100 # , the upright soon broke from the base .
 I bought two of these at Performance bike shop because they were on sale . Smooth stems looked nice.Both of them came apart at the seam . One lasted a few miles from home , another lasted little longer but otherwise more walking distance to home . I had a patch kit and a pump but no use . At least I got refund when took them back to the store . I explained the store clerk what had happened and he was n't even surprised.I had different brands of tubes mostly cheap store brand in the past but nothing compare to this . I was very surprised because this happened to well-known name.What I learned from this . 1 -RRB- Do n't buy anything says ultra light . 2 -RRB- Do n't buy anything only because it 's a well-known brand name , it was probably made by another company.I weigh 140lbs , so the weight was n't an issue , just in case you are wondering . I inflated it 120psi . Size of the tire was 700x20c . You can avoid pinch flat snake bites by inflating the tire to certain pressure . If the tire picks up a broken staple , it gets flat but you can patch it . When the tube comes apart , you ca n't do anything specially if the spare you happen to have has the same defect.I 'll never buy it and I do n't recommend this to anybody .
 I purchased this tube as a spare for rides . After replacing a flat , loading the CO2 cartridge to proper pressure , and setting off , this tube burst within a mile . Needless to say , I 'm buying my tubes from local bike shops now .
 These are really not meant to hold the balls well . We sent them back . Flimsy plastic that looks very unprofessional .
 From the photo , I thought these stackers would be solid and open up to a round shape ... which would make stacking easy . They came flat , and if you look at the product picture , you can see that there are a series of creases . Well guess what ? It 's up to YOU to fold each crease to make the stackers into a round shape , which takes a great deal of time and still does n't seem to come out right . You might as well cut a band out of the next box of other Amazon stuff you get , and bend it along random creases in the cardboard . It would look the same , and cost a lot less .
 Although the title and description seemed to indicate otherwise , a quantity of 1 means 1 yoga block . I was quite disappointed to discover that for myself , after I paid what seemed reasonable for a pair , but ended up with only one .
 It looks cheap . . It is secured by only a small set screw . I was leery of firing with it on my weapon as it would be prone to fly off barrel .
 RIP OFF . I thought it would be 6 pky . of worms . Instead I got one pkg . of 6 . You can buy these retail for 3.99 a pky . VERY MISLEADING .
 RIP OFF . I thought it would be 6 pky . of worms . Instead I got one pkg . of 6 . You can buy these retail for 3.99 a pky . VERY MISLEADING .
 I thought it will be a good beach volleyball , but I was wrong.After about 1 month it was all ruined.And we played just a couple times a week . I do n't think it 's the best beach volleyball for the money.I would never buy it again . I am very disappointed .
 This dvd was ordered for a gift . The promised delivery date came and went . I contacted the company through Amazon , explained that it missed it 's intended purpose and to please forward return instructions . Product was subsequently delivered -LRB- sent from China -RRB- with no return info . Further communication with supplier -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- still has not produced any results . Basically I 'm stuck with a $ 25 + dvd for which I have no use . I 'm extremely disappointed in Amazon for working with this supplier and even more disappointed in the supplier for not responding to my emails .
 This a a VERY basic program , and I do not recommend it unless you have never played poker before . It does have the tules for many games so I have learned a couple new games , but nothing intermediate or advanced about it . Plus the box said their should be 2 cds but there was only one .
 It would have been nice to have known that this fuel filter was not for use with diesel fuel.I did not see this on the add , but after it shipped to Alaska . I bought the fuel filter to use on a diesel system but in the box it said not for use with diesel fuel.could not use product for my system . Amazon should this be clearly stated in the description ??
 it 's a nice looking lunch box . It replaced a different red sox lunch box that had lasted 3 years . But I guess this one was made by a different company & it barely lasted 5 months . The seams inside started pulling apart about a month after daily use to school for an elementary school student . Thank goodness for duct tape ! LOL ! So I would n't recommend this product based on that . The outside is very durable . I like the removable shoulder strap & it has a removable piece inside if you like to keep your drink separate from your food -LRB- as my children do -RRB- .
 A design that still needs work . I have the 6 gallon version of this item . The plastic hose collapsed the first time I ran gas through it . The short hose on the inside of the tank got soft and fell off into the tank . They need to improve the quality of their materials to make this item usable . I bought some better hose and it works much better . There is a gas smell in the garage . I do n't know if it is from the fuel left in the hose \ handle or that the valve does not fit very tight to the tank so that might be where the evaporation is coming from . I have to remove the siphon apparatus and cap normally when storing.I would not recommend this product until improvements are made .
 the way the tank needs to be positioned makes it hard to use to fill mowers , snow blowers etc which is why I got it . It also does , t flow easily and is hard to keep nthe hose from pinching off . Not recommended
 Occasionally Amazon offers products with inadequate descriptions , and this is an egregious example . For this beverage container they provide no external dimensions or internal capacity , only a single photograph with nothing for scale or reference . Is it 3 inches tall or 12 ? Does it hold 6 ounces or 2 quarts ? Who knows ? Who would buy based on this information ? -- a fool .
 Overall quality of the tank itself is OK . However , the nozzle hose came loose at the tank end after only a couple of weeks , spilling gas all over me . The hose really needs to be fitted with some kind of clamp rather than just a push-on force . Plus the hose itself is a cheap plastic type tending to easily collapse . I 'm in the process of purchasing a true automotive quality fuel hose with clamps . Bottom line is I would not have puchased this item had I known about this serious shortcoming . For the relatively high price charged the design and quality should have been better .
 A design that still needs work . The plastic hose collapsed the first time I ran gas through it . The short hose on the inside of the tank got soft and fell off into the tank . They need to improve the quality of their materials to make this item usable . I bought some better hose and it works much better . There is a gas smell in the garage . I do n't know if it is from the fuel left in the hose \ handle or that the valve does not fit very tight to the tank so that might be where the evaporation is coming from . I have to remove the siphon apparatus and cap normally when storing.I would not recommend this product until improvements are made .
 I would not reccomend buying this product because it was advertised as a youth replica -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- . My son just turned 15 , and while he is somewhat tall , the jersey was too small and too tight . When I inquired about free shipping as part of an exchange for a larger and more expensive size , I was told this was not an option . I would not do business with this company again .
 This DVD is one I will NEVER use in my bellydance library . It is currently collecting dust . For all you bellydancers and would-be bellydancers out there , I can not think of a worse DVD to spend your money on . She does n't `` instruct '' the movements at all , but merely leads you through a workout . The workout is n't comprehensive , and it is n't `` safe '' looking , in my opinion . It does n't work the totality of the body , and it lacks foundation . If you are interested in learning to bellydance , are already a bellydancer , or just want a bellydance `` exercise '' DVD , there are better choices for your money . Keep looking elsewhere , you will find a good fit !
 Featuring a fitness professionsal , who is billed as an experienced dancer , I was very disappointed in the instruction on this DVD . I will give it kudos for being complete in having a warm-up , workout , and cool-down , but I was completely lost during the ` advanced ' section since it did n't include any instruction .
 Most of the other reviewers have covered this DVD in a very honest and helpful manner so I will try to focus on areas they did not already cover.Firstly , this DVD would probably do what it advertises , in part `` firm and tone your core muscles '' however , I doubt anyone would be `` enjoying this fun bellydancing workout '' Ugh ! This was the most boring workout I have ever done . As another reviewer noted , it is doubtful that it is even safe.The music that is used during the instructional and warmup is n't even bellydance music . It is new age guitar . The `` set '' for the DVD is sparse and boring . It looks like a conference room . The only decore is two potted plants on either side of a sign printed `` fitness essentials '' . The floor is concrete and is stained and marred . The white wall on the right has holes in it , and there are exposed beams above . Very low budget here . The sound quality is inferior to other workout DVD 's sometimes you ca n't here the instructor clearly over the music . The camara work is not the greatest either . Often the camara view is of the upper body when it should be on the feet or whole body to show what is being done . The instructional and the first workout are very uninspiring . Slow-moving and of little attraction.The advanced workout is more like a performance . There is no instruction here , you just follow along . It 's not even that great of a workout or performance . It would be hard to work up a sweat to this DVD.Please do yourself a favor and pass on this one . There are many other wonderful bellydance instructional/workout programs out there . The bellydance twins -LRB- Neena & Veena -RRB- Discover Bellydanceare a good starting place.I am a very tolerant exerciser who can usually find a good workout in just about any program I try by modifying . I 've also had eight years of bellydance instruction/performance . I have never rated any program one star thus far , but this one is truly the worst I 've ever seen and there is no saving it .
 If you are thinking about buying this dvd I only have one piece of advice - run away !!! This dvd should n't even be allowed to have the word `` bellydance '' in its title . It contains absolutely no proper bellydance basics and no quality instruction . Worse yet , what it does contain are plenty of ways to get injured . I only wish I had the option of giving this dvd zero stars or , better yet , negative stars . A one star rating is too generous.To anyone who is looking for a beginning bellydance fitness dvd , I can not emphasize enough that you DO NOT buy this one . If you want a bellydance based fitness dvd consider `` Perfect Hips '' or `` Body by Bellydance '' by Michelle Joyce . She is an excellent , safety conscious instructor and her dvds are great ways to get in shape and learn REAL bellydance techniques at the same time . There are also many wonderful bellydance workout dvds to choose from by lovely , talented dancers like Dolphina , The Belly Twins and Princess Farhana to name a few . So , PLEASE PLEASE run away from this dvd and choose another !!!!!
 I have bellydanced for several years , but took a couple years off , so I picked this one up as something that looked fun and might help to get back in practice again . The woman who is featured in the DVD has no business representing herself as a bellydance instructor . She does n't explain the movements , nor does she demonstrate them correctly herself . I was practically cringing through much of it , seeing how poorly she executed the moves . At one point , she makes several mistakes in a row , then tries to cover for it by saying , `` just let your body go where it wants to . '' No , I 'm sorry , you do NOT just let your body go wherever it wants to in any trained form of dance . Admittedly , she 's got some dynamite abs , but she did n't get them from bellydance . She hardly engaged those muscles at all while she was dancing , and she did n't demonstrate how to properly engage them so as to protect the low back while dancing.Her sense of rhythm is terrible as well . She does n't move to the beat of the music . I do n't understand how that can be since she has apparently taught aerobics for years , which , one would think , would instill a very good sense of rhythm in a person . Maybe she just does n't understand the rhythms of non-western music , but in any case she was quite frequently off the beat . It did n't help that the music was uninspiring and seemed to be on a loop , so that every once in while it would skip a beat , so that if by some miracle she had actually managed to keep on beat for a couple of measures , the skipped beat would throw her off and she 'd be flailing to catch the beat again.Terrible . Just overall terrible . I sincerely hope that she does n't `` teach '' regular bellydance classes . She had very visible difficulty executing moves that only bordered on intermediate . You could see by the grimace on her face that she was having a hard time herself , and after attempting to execute slightly more difficult moves a couple of times , she 'd quickly modify them into something extremely basic , because she just could n't keep it up . She also did not use transitions to get from one move to the next , but simply stopped what she was doing and started something else . I could go on and on , but I think you probably already get how horrible this DVD is . Mine is going in the trash . I would n't inflict this on anyone , not even for free .
 I must admit that I got dooped by the front cover . It looks awesome , especially if your a beginner . DO NOT BUY THIS DVD , OR PRINCESS FARHANA BELLYDANCE BASIC WORKOUT . Worst belly dancing dvd 's ever . Actually , I have not experienced a `` good '' belly dancing dvd , since these are the only vids I have bought . You may be asking yourself how I am qualified to rate this then , well here ya go
 These stupid gloves ripped the second time i put them on my hands . I would only recommend then to someone who feels like wasting 30 bucks .
 Do not purchase this item if you have the Tippmann A-5 with an E-Grip . It is not combatible . It will fit on the E-Grip , but it does n't go down low enough to use as a double trigger defeating the purpose of having a double trigger !
 In order to shoot you have to pull this trigger allll the way back and it is not smooth . i recomend the stock trigger .
 I would not reccomend buying this product because it was advertised as a youth replica -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- . My son just turned 15 , and while he is somewhat tall , the jersey was too small and too tight . When I inquired about free shipping as part of an exchange for a larger and more expensive size , I was told this was not an option . I would not do business with this company again .
 Dont buy this is you plan to use it on a boat , the blade rusted very rapidly , send a little more money and get a knife with a titanum blade
 I purchased a Kershaw 1970BLK - Blur Black `` Ken Onion Design '' with speed safe assist opening . I 've worked knife several times , and it fails to open all the way every time , has never actually locked into place . I 've got $ 9 cheapies that open without failure , every push on the thumb knob . Returning for refund , maybe I just got a defect , family member swears by Kershaw .
 I 've been planning on writing a review of this knife for a while and if I wrote one within a few weeks of buying it I probably would have given it a glowing review . Now that I 've had it for a few months I 'm not as happy with it.It still is a nice knife , with the best assisted opening system I 've ever used and I have a number of Kershaws . This one 's just by far the best . I love the anodizing and the Trac-Tec inserts and the overall weight and balance are fantastic . The blade lockup is rock solid with no lateral or vertical play and came razor sharp out of the box . The problem lies with the blade itself.First off the blade has a slight recurve -LRB- which I was aware of prior to purchasing the knife -RRB- . This makes the knife tricky , but not impossible to sharpen . Now normally it would have been a while before the knife needed sharpening but I started noticing problems with the blade . The edge developed a flat spot on the belly and what looked like a couple of small dents in the recurved area . Considering the toughest thing this knife had to cut was a bit of cardboard over the past few months I became concerned . I decided that I 'd sharpen the knife and found that the blade was sharpened at too acute an angle . Not only that , The angles were different on the opposite sides of the blade . One side of the blade was sharpened at about 16 and the other at about 13 , well below the typical ~ 20 bevel used on most pocket knives . This is what caused the blade to be so fragile.I do n't know if I got a poorly profiled blade or if Kershaw is deliberately sharpening this knife at such a reduced angle , but this seriously detracts from what otherwise would be a spectacular knife . If this is typical of the Blur then I ca n't recommend it.BTW , I 'm going to contact Kershaw about this and I 'll post the results here and revise my rating if warranted .
 This was a gift . When it was opened the sword needed cleaning . I think we received a USED one passed off as new . Some of the stains would n't come out . I would have returned it if I had had the time before the birthday . VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED !!! I ca n't take the gift away to send it back or I would do that also .
 This ball seemed pretty good at first . It has a classic design that resembles higher-priced balls . But compared to several other moderately priced soccer balls , like the Adidas F50 , Teamgeist II and even cheaper balls from Brine and Wilson , this is a poor ball . First , the cover is very sticky , which makes it difficult to dribble . It 's discouraging for younger players who are just learning footwork , because the ball sticks instead of sliding or rolling . Kids end up tripping on it more than they would a different ball . Second , the stitching came loose in one section after only a couple of months of light use . Maybe it was just this ball , but if it 's an indication of the overall quality of this model 's construction , buyers should n't expect to get more than a season out of it -- at best . I would n't buy this ball again . However , I have another model Diadora -LRB- Cobra -RRB- and it 's excellent .
 This knife does everything advertised , however the design of the thumb stud makes it very uncomfortable to carry in the front pocket . It has a fairly sharp edge , so that every time you reach into your pocket , it rubs against your hand . I 've had many other knives with thumb studs -LRB- I usually carry a Benchmade 942 -RRB- and have never had this problem .
 After using this knife for severals months my opinion of it has changed . This knife has only been used moderately . No heavy use or unreasonable cutting task at all , cardboard , zip ties , etc. . The serrated portion of the blade keeps rolling over and constantly requires touching up . I contacted Kershaw and informed them of the problem . Much to my surprise , I was told that if I sent the knife in , -LRB- at my expense -RRB- that they would re-grind the blade for me to remove the serrations . REALLY ? I said that would be like if your wife had her hair done at a salon and after they messed up her hair they offered to cut it off ! I 've been a fan of Kershaw for years , -LRB- I have 3 others -RRB- but now after this I 'm kind of on the fence . The knife issue did n't bother me as much as the response that I got from customer service . Anyway , I think there are better choices than this particular knife . UPDATE ! Kershaw is currently replacing the blade with a non serrated one . Hopefully this will take care of the problem since I never had any complaints with their plain edge blades before . UPDATE ! Kershaw did end up resolving this matter to my satisfaction by replacing the blade with a non-serrated one .
 Love most of kershaw knives for what they are , dissappointed in this for the price , love my other kershaws though .
 Okay , this knife was purchased as a replacement for a lost Kershaw . I would like to say the knife feels good in your hand and is lighting fast on the open . However , that said the knife is a piece of junk . The blade is a total failure , I use mine for gardening . The first thing I did was destroy the serrated edge by whittling down a survey 's stake to a point . The second thing was I broke the knife point off when I tried to stick it in a board between cuts , I was n't trying anything fancy like trying to throw it and stick in a board . BEWARE THE BLADE IS VERY LAME . The knife was exceptionally sharp when I got it , but by the time I sent it in for repair the edge had folded over as well .
 Bought this knife , I needed to send my EDC Benchmade 940 in to be sharpened after a year of hard use.Really liked the Blur out of the box , sharp blade , nice weight , felt good . Then I tried to use it in at work like I do my Benchamde . Cuts open boxes great , slices up cardboard fine . I tried to cut some plastic banding off a pallet of boxes , it FOLDED OVER ALL THE SERRATED TEETH ! Not sure if it was a bad heat treating on the blade or what , but returned it . Ordered an Emerson CQC7!Will never buy another cheap knife again !
 I was excited to purchase what I thought was a quality knife for a good price with good ergonomics , being a Ken Onion design . What I bought was designed to sell and not to last . The handle was textured on the sides , but the edges of the handle were far too smooth to be held safely , especially if they were to ever get a little wet . The thumb studs have very sharp edges that will wear out pants quickly . The spring-assist broke after two months of extremely mild , absolutely non-abusive use.The $ 12.00 return shipping fee plus the cost to ship it to Emerson makes the true cost of the knife about $ 84.00 ... and what if the spring breaks again ? My advice is buy another brand.P.S . The only reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is the tanto blade and the fact that it can still be used as a quick-opening folder , absent the `` blur . ''
 I 've been carrying this knife for about 4 months and I have never abused it or used it on anything tougher than cardboard boxes . The blade lock has quit working causing the blade to be unsecured . I loved this knife up until this point . Now it is quite dangerous to try to use .
 The socks are simply too thin . They are great the first time out , but quickly -LRB- after only 3 - 5 uses -RRB- wear out and are unacceptably thin . I will not be buying them again .
 When wash in the washing machine the socks burst some threads are producing spots , need to improve product quality . Thanks
 These socks all of a sudden lost their elasticity almost at the same time after a wash . They became unusable . Must be some quality issues with the material used .
 I do not like these socks . I do not feel confortable . It looks dirty even thoght you wash it.I play tennis and I had used the Hanes socks and I can asure anyone than Hanes are more better than Addidas I prefer the Hanes socks , they have more cotton . I will not buy these products again .
 These socks are smaller than advertised . My husband wears a size 9 shoe and has thin legs . The length of the foot was to tight and also the top of the sock cut off his circulation . Donated them to charity , hopefully some young boy will benefit .
 I `` m the mother of three `` big '' men with `` big '' feet and can not find sock sizes 14-16 , or even 12-16 . What do other `` big-footed '' men do for socks ??? HELP .
 My husband bought these hoping for a thick comfy sock . The first time washed the bottoms of all the socks became frayed and full of lumpy small bumps of materials ... like an old sweater that is full of nubbies . They look like rags . I washing them in normal setting , warm water . Also , my husband complained that they were very tight . He has a B width foot so that was quite a surprise . Guess you get what you pay for .
 The socks are advertised as fitting shoe size 6-12 . I wear an 11.5 shoe and these socks were way too tight . By the end of the day my toes were sore . I had to take them off to sleep because they hurt my feet . This was before and after a washing . Also , after I washed them once the fabric looked very roughed up . I put these all these socks in our rag bag for washing windows .
 I rarely write a review , but these socks deserve one . Upon receipt I noticed something was wrong as the fine threads got tangled in the packaging or one 's nails and pulled out easily . This is probably because there is so much polyester and spandex in these socks . After the first wash -LRB- and note here that I do n't use a tumble dryer -RRB- the socks are full of fuzz . I 'll probably just wear them a few times until they look too terrible and then use them to polish the silver .
 I wear size 12 shoes ... I could barely get the socks on . They stopped circulation in my feet . I gave socks to my wife who wears size 7.5 and they are tight for her . TUrned out to be a waste of money .
 These socks used to be the best . They have changed them and now they are more cheaply made . Very unfortunate .
 I have bought these sock in the past and they did n't contain cotton.They are marginally better that all cotton but not by much.These are a major disappointment and I 'll be looking for a true performance wicking sock.Bad on you Adidas .
 The wheels on this thing are PLASTIC ! I was hoping at the very least that the treads would be rubberized.The two wheels flop around together in the middle , and my hands barely fit onto the grips , which are way too narrow . The whole thing feels entirely flimsy and inspires no confidence or delight in exercise whatsoever.Total piece of trash.I suppose it still does the same job as anything else , but come on . A little quality is all I ask.B
 I find this wheel very flimsy and unstable . The wheel fits too loosely on the tube . Sure it 's one of the cheapest available , but the price difference with others is very small . If I had the opportunity , I would spend an extra $ 10 for a -LRB- hopefully -RRB- more sturdy product . Still , it does the job .
 1 -RRB- It came with horrible stench emitting from it , the smell of rotting robber in an enclosed place . When using the item , the smell transfered to my hands . It took five minutes of scrubbing for my hands to stop smelling . I left it in an airtight bag with cat liter and baking soda for a week ; that lesson the smell somewhat .2 -RRB- After about a week of using it for five minutes every other day , the outer rubber part of the wheel slipped off in the middle of my Tabata routine . While trying to fix it , I noticed the foam handles were disintegrating , leaving a black powder.If you order these , the best you can expect is to have wasted your money . It is likely the smell and the powder are both toxic .
 Good : - Affordable . - Padded handles are great . They provide a nice grip . - The wheel if very light . - It 's small and easy to store.Bad : - Assembly was not so easy ... it was a lot of strenght involved in order to make pieces fit `` all the way '' . - I do n't like that the wheel is plastic . - What is really missing is that this model does not have a spring which will help you go back to original position . You need to use your own muscles to get back , and this puts much strain on the back . - Wheel seems not to be very well `` greased '' , so you need to put much strenght in order to push/pull yourself.My husband and me used it few times , but found that instead of good workout , we end up with back pains ... so we are not using it any more.Now I 'm sorry that I choose this one ... I wish I went for one of better quality excercise wheels .
 Not good at all . I tried to use it and it 's too difficult . I would n't recommend it to someone that is just starting to get fit or who want to see results within 1 month . This basically would work for your arms , nothing else . I am a fit person and a dancer and it just did n't work for me .
 Concept is good , but quality is poor , and customer service has been poor so far as well . Straps began to fall apart almost immediately . Contacted customer service over a month ago , and they said they would send a replacement . Have not recieved a replacement , or a response to my subsequent email . I would advise anyone considering this product to steer clear.UPDATE
 The weight vest feels great when you first take it out of the box . I successfully ran three miles with all 40 pounds in it before the product ripped -LRB- this was the first time I used the vest , and the second day I owned it -RRB- . The product was in no way worth the time , money , or effort required to buy , ship , and ultimately return the product . I was extremely unhappy with the purchase and will not order another .
 Fastening straps are not strong for 40lbs vest . They broke right off . As expected , with `` one size fits all '' it may not fit snugly . Look for better product , if one likes to use 20lbs or more weight .
 My main issue is that the vest shown in the picture is NOT the adjustable weight vest being sold by Amazon . The picture shows the original model weight vest with sand packet weights stitched into the vest . This neoprene , non-adjustable vest is the only one I ever found that fit comfortably for all day wear , and had enough bend to be worn during martial arts practices . Almost every manufacturer today uses the steel shot packets which never conform right , are uncomfortable to wear , and have almost no give when doing simple exercises like sit ups . If you must go with steel in your vest , try another product , because this one is sub par on every level . If I wanted steel in my vest , I would have paid the extra money for an X-Vest -LRB- which goes up to 84lbs , is antibacterial , antimicrobial , and made for underwater training as well -RRB- ! GoFit 40-Pound Weighted Vest
 Pros
 I just used this product for the first time and I am very disappointed.I do most of my workout at home with dumbbells , pullups , and pushups -LRB- a lot of pushups ! -RRB- . I was really excited to workout for the first time with this vest . During my first set of pushups with the vest on I felt a `` pop '' on the right side of the vest . The seams on the right strap had completely seperated and I also found the left seam had began to seperate . I will be returning this product shortly.If you only plan on wearing this vest for walk or light running , it may work . However , it will not work for pushups .
 Received the vest with both straps frayed but decided to repair the vest rather than return it due to the additional time and cost to do so .
 I purchased this weightvest Aug 22 and have been training with it for about 6 weeks now . I am a 5 ' 6 '' female training with it for the CPAT . I use it about 2/3 times a week . I would like to use it more than that but now it is ripping at the sides ! I 'm so disappointed because I wanted to lend it to my brother for his training when I was done using it.SO -- I 'm going to see if black duck tape will help save this investment.Also , the picture they have displayed looks a lot shorter online than it is in person . It hits just below my hips . That is not a problem but just so you know .
 Maybe i use this vest too much , but i figured a weight vest is for people trying to man up and get bigger . Ive had the vest for about a month and the belt used to tighten the vest around you is made out of some type of rubber material that stretches . My belt is hanging on by a thread . The weights are removable , and enclosed by the same rubbery material . after a while , i think im going to have to think up some way to keep the steel bags in place . I know for a fact that im going to have to rip off the chinese belt and attach some sort of heavy duty fabric myself to do the job . i wanted this thing to be tough and long-lasting . in actuality it lives up to its made in china reputation . but i guess its hard to come across anything made to last these days ... Glenn
 Too many individual weights deal with . If you want to adjust the weight , takes way too long and too much trouble . The weights should be incremental . That is , why not have a 10 # , some 5 # , 2 & 1/2 # , and 1 # weights that are easy to take out and put back in . Otherwise , the adustablility is useless because of the difficulty and hassle of having to do 1 # at a time . I returned this product because of this defect .
 The velcro belt tore off after the second use ! Within a week of Purchase ! The material for the vest is not durable enough for so much weight .
 When we '' tried '' to put the line on our trolling rods/reels penn 301s . I use this term loosely , it did nothing but curl , bind and create birds nest . Usually this brand is one of the best . I feel that it was n't the brand , but was old line . Maybe sitting on the shelf for too long causing the irreversible twist that could not be forgotten
 Twenty degrees ? I do n't think so . Nicely made , but a 40 0r 50 degree , summer bag .
 This is a VERY MINI Soccer ball I go tthis for my nine year old daughter thinking it was a little bit smaller than a soccer ball just to find out that this ball is just a little bit bigger than my hand !! So I do not recomend this for kids !
 I am A amazon customer I can not understand why anyone would not give me info needed to buy , or forget it !!!!! LIKE , IS THIS PRODUCT made FROM STEEL OR LEAD I ` ed Like To HAVE one But I 'll Have To go someplace ealse and find one again & again Thanks BILL ???????????
 I have been doing the Biggest Loser and Jillian Michael 's DVDs for a couple of months now and because of the reviews for this one I thought it would be great . I DID NOT LIKE THIS ONE AT ALL . Too fast paced from the beginning . There is no warm up . It 's all out from the moment you start and with bad knees I have to start slower and work into the faster paces . There is no lead in to the change of exercises . Did n't like the music . Did n't like much of anything about it . Was actually glad my daughter broke it after the first time I tried it because I would not have done it again . I much prefer the Jillian Michaels and Biggest Loser DVDs .
 My table is outside , so the look of the product was n't a huge deal . But the weights on the corners do n't make any difference what so ever . I wanted a cover that would stay on when the wind blows & to keep my cats off of the felt , but it 's not happening with this pool table cover
 The picture shows clearly a Bears logo accompanied with 2006 * AFC * Champions ... um , guys - `` AFC '' ??? I would think that the Colts would take umbrage at such a suggestion ... On the other hand , if only a few of these hats make it off the shelves they could be a highly collectible `` error '' , like the stamps that get printed with the wrong color ink ... I will assume that the illustration is just a `` mock-up '' since the text description correctly lists `` NFC '' ... Or - ???
 Billiards
 I 've never written are review in my life . I got Rushfit by mistake I ordered Tapout . . but I like different so I tried it ... Not good . .10 minute warmup up that 's shoddley put together , Sound quality is very poor . I had everything turned up on my computer still could n't hear very well . The workout is sub par , I am an avid user of P90X , Insanity , Chalean extreme , I even like Supreme 90 day with Tom Holland even though his workout are only sometimes 20 minutes you feel it . . My heart moniter barely registered doing Rushfit ... to much dead time ... I would say this would be a good beginner workout series ... not one to add to a already advanced collection
 it was n't very clear that this is a `` short '' length sleeping bag . My 11 year old son barely fits in it . I am disappointed by this and am not sure how much more I will continue shopping online .
 the price is right but you lose so many bristles while using it that you spend more time cleaning up black plastic bristles . i should have read the reviews posted . i would have spent more for a better quality brush .
 If your going to buy a brush then spend a few more dollars for one that you wo n't throw away . First time and last time I used the brush it left black bristles all over the table . Would n't have minded , due to first use , but large clumps fell out . Not worth 6 cents much less 6 bucks .
 The brush is going bald . Every time I use it it sheds bristles all over the table . Of course I stopped using it and threw it in the trash . I also bought it without reading the reviews -LRB- when will I learn . -RRB- I 'd give it a no star if I could . DO NOT BUY !
 The brush lost its bristles with each sweep . . luckily amzn makes it easy to return defective products .
 I bought this product as my pool table got dusty after someone left the cover off of it for a couple weeks.The good .1 . Arrived ontime and looked like it should work2 . Pick up some stuffThe bad1 . The bristles came over all over the pool table2 . Did n't get everything ... took a long time to clean a little area.Overall.Save your money , I ended up pulling out my small vacuum and just cleaning it that way .
 I dunno , maybe it 's just me , but the thing does n't seem to snug the balls up like it should . Had I known before ordering , I 'd have just kept forming the diamond in my triangular rack .
 While the product does the job , in my opinion it is really light weight and hard to grip it when lifting it off the table , after racking the balls .
 I 've had about a dozen pairs of Adidas ClimaLite socks . I 've had them about 9 months or so and all but 3 socks have holes or have come unsewn at the seams.Terrible product . I highly advise passing on any Adidas ClimaLite socks , not just this particular model .
 I love Adidas products but not this one . I wore them 4-5 times and they were all holes . You can buy better quality socks at Walmart .
 I bought two pairs of these socks , and after just a few weeks they all have holes in them . Note that I did n't wear the holes in them , they all eventually just tore -LRB- mostly near the heel -RRB- after pulling them on . And it 's not like I was putting undue force on them while pulling them on either -LRB- I guess after 40 years I feel like I know how to pull on a pair of socks -RRB- , they just fell apart .
 I love the look of these socks -- they 're a little heavier and very comfortable . They 're also close to disposable . One pair sported a hole after two wearings ... the quality of this model just is n't good . Too bad .
 I really liked how comfortable these socks were and the way they looked , but every pair of them have developed holes amazingly quickly .
 I actually went looking for reviews of these socks to see if others had the same problem I had . Obviously , this is an issue of terrible quality for an otherwise good brand . I 've had many of these socks and , as the other reviewers state , they just plain old fall apart after a couple of wearings . Very comfortable but do n't expect to wear them more than 4-5 times .
 pros
 I loved these socks for about 2 weeks which was just about the time I noticed the holes . I am very disappointed b/c they were very comfortable . All 6 of mine have holes just from normal use . DONT BUY !
 Socks look good but dont hold up . After wearing one time the socks get holes on the front . No one carries these socks in san antonio and have not found anyone that has an answer . It has happened to every pair I have worn . Any help would be appreciated .
 RIP OFF . I thought it would be 6 pky . of worms . Instead I got one pkg . of 6 . You can buy these retail for 3.99 a pky . VERY MISLEADING .
 These glasses are humongous . Usually most glasses fit and look well on my face , but these are the largest things I ever put on . I ended up giving them to a friend , and they look good on him . They also felt a bit stiff . I wonder how long they would have lasted . You get what you pay for , even though I 've gotten better glasses for less cash .
 These were well packaged and easy to return if you want to give them a try . My hat size is small and these were much too tight . They are well made though . Also , the `` case '' is a thin fabric bag , not really a case .
 When I lost my original wayfarers I went for the cheaper alternative . They looked like the real thing and for the price I bought 2 . As usual you get what you pay for which in this case is much less . Biggest problem is that they are so dark it 's hard to see out except in heavy sunlight . The lenses are inferior , and frame not as sturdy.Glad I found the original pair again !
 They do n't looked like the real thing and for the price . As usual you get what you pay for which in this case is much less . Biggest problem is that they are so dark it 's hard to see out except in heavy sunlight . The lenses are inferior , and frame not as sturdy.Glasses to big , quality unanceptable Not happy at all with my purchasing an would n't recommend to anyone to buy .
 This item is advertised and pictured as an OAK ball rack . It is not OAK . It is some unknown wood stained a dark black/brown color . I would return it but it was not worth the cost of sending it back . . I bought this to go on an Oak table and match the Mike Massey Oak 9 ball rack , -LRB- which actually is as shown-a light colored oak rack -RRB- . This was truly a disappointment and a rip off .
 This is a pretty standard rack , but it arrived dented and chipped with no invoice slip . It 's not worth my time or money to send it back . You 'd be better off going to a sporting goods store and buying this item .
 RIP OFF . I thought it would be 6 pky . of worms . Instead I got one pkg . of 6 . You can buy these retail for 3.99 a pky . VERY MISLEADING .
 I think that this product is horrible . I did not come with all of the pieces that it should have . Several key components to this product were missing , including all of the screws and the racks to hold the balls . The wood was cracked and chipped in several places . I would not recommend that anyone purchase this produce .
 Put this together last night . The wood is just ok and it is easy putting this together but with a few flaws . Do yourself a favor and throw the screws away and go to the hardware shop and buy stronger ones . I broke 3 heads off the screws with not much force . I will also need to find some kind of hinge to nail the bottom to the wall because it is only supported by two hanger clips at the top .
 After waiting for 2 weeks , this item still was not ready to ship to me so I cancelled the order .
 These dumbbells arrived quickly but when I opened the package I saw two poorly molded hex dumbbells . The grips were ergonomic and comfortable but had burrs and chips near where they attach to the weight . Both of those downfalls are okay though because dumbbells do n't have to be pretty , they only have to be heavy and weigh a certain amount . Well , that 's why I am rating these dumbbells only 1 star . I ordered two 55 pound dumbbells . One of them weighs 50 pounds and the other weighs 52 pounds . I already have 50 pound dumbbells , I do n't need another set of 50 pound dumbbells . Therefore , these were an absolute waste of money for me . Thank you China .
 I wanted to try the modern classic fit and I assumed the sizing would be the same as with the contemporary fit , but it is not . A size 12 contemporary fit is the perfect size for me , but with the modern classic , the top was baggy around the arms and the shoulder straps were too long . I returned the suit and bought a comparable Nike suit at a local store - they fit me much better .
 DO N'T BUY !!!! This product has VERY POOR workmanship . The felt cup holders were not installed properly and `` miss positioned '' . The felt in the cue stick holders was either missing or not fully glued in place . The felt in the ball channels was not glued properly in place . Bottom line , VERY POOR QUALITY !!! DO N'T BUY !!!
 Very disappointed with this purchase nothing like the display picture , color is to pail and nothing looks like what i saw on the picture of product hope all my other orders come out looking better
 When I got this item they had put two bottom boards in the box so there were no holes for the cues it has set on my table now for a month because it will be no telling when they can send me a replacement rack instead of just sending me the top board that needs to be replaced
 The quality was not quite what I had expected . It is made to look like it is wood , but it appears to be plywood with wood paper covering and some of the parts are plastic . Would not recommend it .
 I had previously purchase a minnesota fats corner cue rack from K-Mart . It was solid wood and very good quality but was flawed . The felt area for the cue balls was too close together and at the most you could only fit 14 or 15 balls on it . Since , the only reason I purchased the product was for storage of the balls and cue sticks this was unacceptable . I returned it and searched amazon where I found the mike massey rack.The Mike Massey rack is made of pressed board and is painted . I put my rack together on a soft surface and the paint chipped off the front edges exposing the black pressed board underneath . This product is flawed in that the paint does not adhere to it . This product is very poor quality . Only buy if you do n't mind a little wear leaving it looking like it came from a thrift store or a garage sale .
 this product is horrible . First I had to wait about a month to recieve this item and when i did , it was messed up , the wood was peeling off the top piece , one of the peices would n't screw on becasue it was too short and it looks nothing like the picture . it looks cheap and discusting . Do n't buy it just spend ten more bucks and get something better .
 Bought this chair for softball tournament weekends . Just used during the day by the tournament director when he gets a chance to sit down . 2 weekends per month , chair lasted barely three tournaments . Fabric around arms and seat began fraying within the first 2 weekends and then the arm fitting sheared off and deposited me on my backside alongside the chair on the ground . Manufacturer was no help when contacted and I still have n't had any response from Amazon . Oh well , I guess I need to keep shopping to find something that will be good enough quality .
 Title says it all , bought it for watching soccer games . It looks great , folds away easily , is comfortable as can be , and the fabric tore with a couple of months . very disappointing
 I loved this chair first time I set in it at a store . I ordered 5 for the whole family and still love the chair I just ca n't get them back into the bag , bag way too small . If I had checked out the bag before ordering I would have kept shopping for something else .
 Inexpensive does n't have to mean `` cheap , '' but in this case it does . First off , the balls delivered do not match the balls pictured in the advertisement . Traditionally each ball 's number would be printed in black -- as in the product pictured . But with the product received , in order to -LRB- presumably -RRB- pinch pennies on dye , the manufacturer printed each ball 's number in the same color as the ball . This means each ball only needs to be printed with one color instead of two , but it also makes it hard to read the numbers on the lighter colored balls , and it makes them all look really cheap . What you see is not what you get . Recommend you try another manufacturer .
 Pretty cheap built set . Even excluding the fact that the colors are different than in the photo -LRB- numbers have same color as ball -RRB- , these balls chipped pretty quick . After I got them I used them for an hour or two daily for maybe a week or two and the outer paint started chipping off the ball , which would n't be a big problem -LRB- I really do n't care how they look -RRB- except that it causes them to not be perfectly round and every now and then it affects game play . I do n't recommend this set .
 Bought this set for hubby for Christmas to use on his pool table in his man cave . Only used on Saturday nights , total maybe 6 times as of 01/19/12 . 10 out of 15 balls are chipped . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS SET . Probably would have had better luck with the set from Walmart .
 this product is complete garbage . the plastic is so thin that I do n't want to put my 21oz cue in it for the fear that it will break on my way to the pool hall.it 's made out of 1/128 '' plastic with a piece of material on the inside and a bad zipper.the place where the handle is attached looks like a blind person put it together.and it looks nothing like the picture.it 's toooooooo shinynot sturdyand mine came with a sticker that said `` got ta go to mo 's '' ... DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I bought a Minnesota Fats Hustler 4-piece cue and it barely fits in . Nylon coating makes it shiny/girlish . It would be better with a shoulder strap instead of a tacky hand strap . It has a small inner pocket , but the zipper is short and it 's hard to tuck anything else in .
 lies !!!!!! these packs are searched . such crap , do n't advertise that they are unopened , if indeed they have been opened . gim me a break , have some integrity . if you need scrub cards to maybe finish off a set your trying to put together , by all means order . if you want to bring yourself back to when you were a kid , and opening packs were fun , because you may find a card worth something , steer clear off this company , which are a bunch of friggin liars
 This is a fun and easy way to get very inaccurate measures of peoples throwing skills . I do not recomend this product to anyone who want to use it in ex projectwork . You can get the same result if you gently roll the ball towards the radar as if you throw it with all your force . I only recomend this product for fun and laughs .
 took 5 days for something i order to ship . in my opinion , that is too much time to ship something so simple ...
 I am sure that these breeches are very cool , but in white -LRB- I bought them for a dressage show -RRB- they are so thin as to be transparent ! I can literally see the color of my skin , not to mention my underwear , through them . I imagine in black or another dark color they would be fine , but be forewarned if you want them in white ! I ca n't imagine wearing them to a show or anywhere else . Obviously , I 'm returning them .
 This lock does not provide any security . My bicycle was stolen in broad daylight from outside my office building . Apparently any thief can buy this same lock at the store and unlock your lock with the key . Bright colored coating draws attention to your bike to make it easy to be stolen this way . I now lock my new bike with a kryptonite U lock !
 I bought these cables knowing they were too thin for locking a bike in a dangerous area , but I thought my bikes would be safe on my front porch . WRONG ! All three were cut by someone in the middle of the day , costing me a lot of money to replace the bikes , and forever giving my spouse ammunition to use against me . My family has lived in the house for 40 years . We have had bikes stolen off the front porch before , so I was n't kidding myself about neighborhood safety . But I did hope the cables would have a deterrent effect . Now , I 'm shopping for stronger cables . SIGH .
 This product lasted one night before somebody came by and smashed it with a hammer and stole my bike . Should have know better than to use a product that could be cut with standard garden shears .
 Just received and found its 8mm not 10mm as advertised . Right on the back of the cardboard box it says 6 ' -LRB- 1.8 m -RRB- , 5/16 '' -LRB- 8mm -RRB- diameter . These look much thinner than my 10mm cable . Needless to say these will be going back . I gave 2 stars as problem is with Amazon description and not necessarily a fault of the item .
 `` If you 're not on your bike , make sure we are . Thieves will take the path of least resistance . Pack of three , keyed alike six foot cables are ideal for bicycles , skateboards and sports equipment . `` Nice feature for the thieves : I found this item -LRB- exactly the same -RRB- in Wal-Mart . They had 5 sets on the shelf.The set of keys did fit 4 of 5 other sets of locks too.So much of protection ... : -LRB-
 Bought this because i have a masterlock steering wheel lock for my daily driver classic car . Figured I know the name . Bike was stolen from a Target bike rack . Cable either was cut or like some of these reviews say , keys are pretty universal . Just glad my bike was only about $ 300 with accessories compared to what some people pay for bikes . Major inconvenience have to get a new bike and better lock . Avoid these cheap cable locks always use your quick release features on your wheels and seats .
 On the 2nd day I parked my bike at the metro north station , it was stolen . I purchased the bike from Target less than a week ago . This lock is too easy for the thieves !
 Brand new bikes interlocked to steel pipe - woven thru the frame and wheels with these 3 cable locks - and they cut all 3 and stole the bikes . Had the bikes less than 2 weeks . I 'm not happy . These locks SUCK
 it was broken when i recieved it . i sent it back with the ups man as soon as he handed it to me and told him to ship it back . so im waiting for them to send me another one ...
 It 's a decent cue case , probably best use for storing a spare cue you 're not going to use . Everything about the case lets you know that it is n't really top of the line , but it has n't fell apart on me yet . I 'd honestly go for a bit more expensive carry case/bag than this .
 1 . Cheap accessories . Repair kit does n't come with instruction which means it 's useless . You can get something similar at the store for $ 3 - $ 5 that comes with instruction . For $ 7 - $ 9 , you can get it dones for you by professional at local billard shop .2 . The case sucks . You probably want to get a shoulder mount one .3 . Cue stick is warp . It 's not straight . You ca n't expect much from something this cheap . The repair kit can not be use with this stick because it will chip the paint and make it look ugly.I know bars have really bad cue sticks . Even if you do n't play that much , you are better off paying a little more for a better stick than waiste it on this one .
 Shipping was sufficent but I ended up sending this item back for multiple reasons . Not only was the box it was shipped in damaged , but so was everything inside . It all looked very used . The poolstick had a chip in it , the divider within the case that held the poolstick was broken and shoved to the side , and the accessories that were in a bag looked like a dog chewed had it up . The entire order had the appearence as if was stored in an attic , then poorly refurbished .
 I bought two of this item , one for me and another as a gift , and both the cues were warped big time . The only thing good were the cases . If you want a inexpensive cue go to a local store so you can check for quality yourself , I later went to a store locally and bought a decent cue for $ 25 , and it is perfect.Regards .
 it stopped working before 6 months was up , ans was only used 5 or 6 times 4 more words required
 it was broken when i recieved it . i sent it back with the ups man as soon as he handed it to me and told him to ship it back . so im waiting for them to send me another one ...
 If you 're buying a new BowFlex , do n't do what I did and order the upgrade before getting your machine . My Bowflex Extreme XTLU came with a mat and the 310LB upgrade and there 's no room for adding extra 50 pound rods , unless you replace two lighter rods with them . That 's all this kit is is two 50 pound rods .
 The item itself is functionally as expected . I paid for and ordered a new item but what Amazon shipped me 3 times in a row was very used , not new . The Power Rods had many thick scuffs and scratches through the surface of the finish on the rods . After having Amazon send me two replacement shipments and all 3 items having the same type of damage that you would associate with a used product I gave up . Amazon customer service made a good effort to fix the issue and in the end issued a $ 30 credit when I reluctantly decided I could live with the damage . I wanted to make sure everyone out there had the heads up in case you face the same issue with your order -LRB- s -RRB- . It 's the first time I 've had such an issue with Amazon in the hundreds of orders I 've placed so they still have a great track record with me .
 I ordered these earlier this year . The rods were extremely bent.I thought they would straighten out but have n't . They were an upgrade to the 310 lbs upgrade . I 'll see if I can get a replacement , otherwise Bowflex is great .
 It is not . The backing does not fit the grooves of the Power Pro . They -LRB- Amazon -RRB- needs to alter the wording on the upgrade . I was looking forward to the increased resistance and now it seems lacking would be a good word for it.The Bowflex is a great model and I use it several times weakly and has kept me strong . I still return to the gym and I am able to lift the same or more then when I left -LRB- 8 years ago -RRB- . As for the size issue , well that is more diet related and genetics . -LRB- Check out muscleandstrength.com website for training programs . -RRB- I am very happy to be exercising at home on my BowFlex . More resistance like a 410 pound addition would be phenomenal !!!
 The ball rack in this set is too small . You can not lift it off without moving the balls . The table brush is constantly leaving behind bristles . If you do n't care or need those 2 items , the set is acceptable . I need those items , so it is below average for me . Now I will have to go to a billiards supply store . I want to test the ball rack to make sure the size is right .
 Good quality hat but it is NOT adjustable . Desciption states it is adjustable but it is not there is a bit of strech in it but it should say strech fit .
 I received this hat flat and out of shape . Quality is below my standards for what a hat should be . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this for my firefighter friend and he lost the magnet the first time out . With all the gear getting jostled around , the magnets became detached and one got lost . I love the idea , it just did n't work and I do n't think this product is a winner .
 I bought this scarf as a gift and it 's nice but not worth the price . Go to LA , have some fun and get it for cheaper at the outlet stores .
 Getting the grips on the shafts was quite a struggle . Finally needed some assistance . One guy to push the grip , one guy to pull it onto the shaft . Perhaps we were using the wrong solvent . In any case , it was less than a satisfactory experience .
 Product broke , just above bottom plate . I hit it 3 with 9mm times brand new out of the box ... Extremely disappointed time at the range . I do not recommend buying this .
 After using the product for about 2 days the return system is not working promptly . And one week later the return system is totally stop to work.Golf Gifts & Gallery Ultimate Putting System
 Very poor quality -- seams unraeled just by unzipping.Cannot possibly hold the weight of a bunch of books.Material is light weight and too filmsy . Company customer service is awful -- especially if purchased through amazon.I do not recomend this item at all
 I purchased T-pin , which we use to tack up notices and pictures on cubicle walls - Your are the only company that handles the size -LRB- 1 '' -RRB- that I needed . All office supply stores have dropped this product and only carry larger T pins , which rip holes in the fabric covering the cubicle walls
 Bought this umbrella back in August because I was tired of the cheap umbrellas breaking in the wind . Well , it did n't break in the wind , it just broke for no reason under its own weight . There are plastic hinges used on the supports , one of them just suddenly broke and swung down , hanging there . My best guess is there was some sort of problem with the plastic and it fatigued.Anyway - think of it as one of the cheap disposable umbrellas , just bigger .
 The handle gives off a very strong chemical smell . Stunk up my house and now my office.I will be returning it . Too bad - it looks like a very good umbrella at a good price .
 While the umbrella looked nice , the handle gave off a strong unpleasant chemical smell . I tried airing it out and soaking in soap water , but it did not go away . It smelled up my apartment and left a strong smell on my hands too . I can only assume I received a defective one , although I will just be returning it rather than risk exchanging it for another .
 I bought this umbrella thinking I could use it to withstand the high winds at Northwest Missouri State University , because when there 's any sort of weather there , it 's ALWAYS accompanied by gale force winds . Well I ordered the black umbrella and I triple checked it because they had multiple colours to choose from . The package came in earlier than expected , which was good , but they sent me the wrong colour . I ordered solid black as I said before and they sent me a black and white one . So I exchanged it and they upped it to one day shipping , which was nice of them . When I got the replacement , it was the right colour , which was good . I inspected it and everything looked nice , it was a very big umbrella , which was another reason I ordered it . I looked at it starting at the handle , I read on how it stunk and thought it did n't smell too terribly strong . The shaft seemed sturdy enough but the button to open the umbrella was just a mere strip of plastic that you push on to force the metal piece in . It felt incredibly flimsy as I slid the umbrella open . The arms were very strong , thankfully . But the reason I am sending the black one back is because I found many holes in the nylon . It looked like a cat had gotten a hold of it and used it as a scratching post ! I 'll put up a picture if possible . This company seems to be hit and miss , so be careful when looking at them .
 Totally dis-satisfied . Not even close to the advertized size ! Closer to 48 '' , not 62 '' Frustrating , but it 's hardly worth sending an $ 11 product back.Buyer beware .
 1st used and the wind broke it ! The wind blew it reversed and that 's it . Had to throw it away .
 I received the umbrella in a box that was way too big for the umbrella . I went to open the umbrella and one of the sticks that is inside of the umbrella was broken already . I did not even get a chance to use the umbrella once before it went in the trash !
 This is the worst item I had bought in amazon , it arrived on time , perfectly package , buy the quality of the umbrella really poor , on the first trying to used one of the supports broke .
 Worst mistake by buying this it broke the first time I used it . The wires ripped right thru I was only able to use it for 15 minutes before it broke
 I was impressed with the prompt delivery of this umbrella . I did not have to use the umbrella for awhile , since I was out of town . Upon my return , we had our first rain a few days later , and upon opening the umbrella for the very first time , one of the arms broke off !! Never did get to use this umbrella and am EXTREMELY disappointed with the poor quality of this item .
 Deceiving picture !!!!!!!!!!! ITS NOT BLACK , its mixed with blk and white triangles . I needed an all black umbrella . Even the label says black/noir , so deceiving . Im sending it right back . How do you expect to do business by deceiving the customer ... good luck # $ $ % $ # @ # Dont buy !!!
 the product looks very sturdy and i bought 6 of them . All the 6 lasted for about a month . The plastic stick that supports the cloth breaks easily just in very normal condition . I have never used it in strong winds and i dont know how it will hold up . not a good value for $ 19.99 . Get something that is made of metal to withstand stronger wind
 This umbrella does not provide 62 inches of coverage as the advertisementleads you to believe . The 62 inches are across the crown not the width . Icalled about the first one I received and complained that the coverage was only about 48 inches , not 62 . The customer service rep. told me the 48 wide was shipped in error and he would indeed ship me one that covered 62 inches.The replacement he sent was exactly like the first one , about 48 inches of coverage , not 62 . This is a good umbrella , but I can buy almost the identical umbrella locally for $ 12.00 and no shipping charge.I am returning one of the umbrellas , however I am less than satisfied about the whole deal.I feel that if you are gong to advertise a 62 inch umbrella it should cover 62 inches.I really did n't need another 48 inch umbrella as I have four or five lying around . I wanted the additional coverage for a specific purpose . James Barber 103 Windy Lake Cove , Vicksburg , Ms 39183
 Warning - this umbrella handle seems to be made of a tire composite material and even after we 've had it opened for 4 weeks - it still smells really bad . Make anything it touches smell . We told them we wanted to return it , but Amazon just gave us credit for it and said to toss it .
 This umbrella is hard to open and close . One of the plastic clips that holds the small pin that allows the umbrella to open and close broke the second time I used the umbrella .
 I thought this would be a good deal but the handle broke on the first day . It was an inexpensive and poorly applied glue that held the shaft into the handle . Not worth it and an unfortunate waste of my money .
 I was a bit dissapointed as this umbrella was a gift and not as strong as expected . It broke on the 3rd use .
 Not as large as advertised . Plastic piece above spring designed to hold umbrella bows when collapsed split cracked and fell off on first use . Would not buy again .
 It 's a decent enough umbrella . Nice and big . However it does n't telescope and the whole thing reeks of rubber/polymers and will make your hands and other things smell . You can leave it outside on a balcony to air out , but it wo n't do much .
 It could have been a good deal . However , the listed color for the umbrella is black , but what I received is green and white strips ! It is really ugly ! It works fine , but I hate being duped !
 An otherwise industrial-strength umbrella is rendered absolutely worthless by the stinky rubber handle . I order this umbrella in March 2009 and put in storage for a couple years thinking the stench of the rubber handle might subside . It did not subside . It still stinks and I 'm going to have to put this umbrella in the rubbish bin .
 Quality of the Umbrella was very poor , low quality plastic is used and broken on 2nd usage itself . I do n't recommend this product
 The umbrella broke after two uses under its own weight . The supports are made of a cheap plastic and one of them snapped when i first used this umbrella . The second time I went to use it , three additional supports broke , likely caused from the first failure . This is a good size umbrella at a great price and would be great if the supports were stronger . I will be returning this product for a refund and replacing it with something of higher quality .
 To bad I have to do this , but the case is NOT metal and the crystal is NOT mineral . It is a PLASTIC case and a PLASTIC crystal . A call to Timex before I bought the watch indicated that the case was metal . It is not , but the back , as normal , is . The strap is not just nylon , it is nylon and leather . Come one Amazon . I have to dock all these stars because of this?That said , the set-up of the watch seems to be very intuitive for me with modes actually spelled out . The bezel material is rubber , which I like . The backlight shines THROUGH the numerals , not the background , which I also like . The back uses 4 small screws . I also like that it does not beep every time I press a button.CONCLUSION
 This is a crappy junk watch . Buttons are frustrating to use . Band is uncomfortable , and the thing is ugly as sin . As soon as you change the battery the sound stops working , the chrono stops working . It still tells time . Big whoop . I HATE THIS WATCH .
 Foam that is flimsy , combined with SLOW shipping ? Well the term BOHICA comes to mind ; Bend Over , Here It Comes Again ! The Ripper is still lurking ! Save Your money-unless you got a Bailout .
 this putting green is about as good an idea as showing up to a party with a boner in sweat pants . my buddy told me he bought a putting green and that he say this are the putting green he . the only thing that would make putting on this green enjoyable is doing it while listening to yakety sax . or sandstorm . i told him if he hates it `` how bout you and your bad putting green and your golf balls - take it all away . `` war good putting greens .
 This is a halfway decent product , but those who made it should at least be aware that there was no `` Kareem Abdul-Jabbar '' at UCLA and make the product and the packaging accordingly . He still went by Lew Alcindor . Having a card from his UCLA days with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar emblazoned across it is pretty pathetic .
 These golf balls are listed as having a retail value of $ 69.00 . I normally research other sites to verify the price but I did not do it this time . I 've had a good track record with Amazon and became too trusting . These golf balls sell for $ 24.99 or 2 for $ 35.00 at the golf shops . I did not get the great deal I was led to believe I was getting .
 The item listed is a knockoff . It barely qualifies as a wallhanger . I sent 2-3 emails to Dreamobjects and asked this very question and received no response .
 this chain ring is very poor quality , it is way out of round ... but at least it is pretty inexpensive .
 This bike trailer seemed like a great deal . When I assembled it and tested it out it worked great , seemed very safe and comfortable . My daughter loved riding in it . Initially I was very happy with the product , especially for the price paid . Unfortunately after several weeks in the sun all of the white nylon straps - used for support and restraints - began detoriating and breaking . I would recommend spending a little more on a bike trailer that uses a better grade of materials .
 We bought this trailer for Christmas , planning on using it for the ocassional bike ride . We 've probably used the trailer 15 to 2o times in the last 10 months . The other day I put my son in , attached the seat belts , started riding , and heard a loud pop . The nylon strap that holds the seat up off the fabric floor had snapped . Before I could even get a good look at it , the nylon seat belt in between my son 's legs also snapped . I 've looked it over pretty well and do n't think there 's a way I can repair it . We 're so disappointed . I would not recommend this product .
 Though we were initially thrilled , we were not so happy when the first of the restraint straps broke within a few weeks of purchase . A few weeks later a second strap broke , rendering one side of the trailer unusable . Six months later , straps on the other side began fraying and snapping . Mind you , this was with infrequent use and with two children under the age of three -- not really heavy or active kids . The trailer was kept outside in mild weather , covered and in the shade . Now -LRB- at just over a year of ownership -RRB- all of the straps have completely rotted apart and it is completely unsafe to put our kids in it . After reading through several of the other reviews , this is clearly a recurring issue.Though we ultimately purchased the Instep Take 2 for less than $ 100 -LRB- on sale -RRB- , I would n't buy this trailer again for half the price . I 'm all for saving a buck where you can , but this is a * complete * waste of cash .
 Like many , I was initially quite happy with this product -- I could n't afford a Burley , and this was under $ 100 at Target . However , the trailer has slowly fallen apart on me . I leave it outside , but covered underneath a porch and in a mild , dry climate -LRB- California -RRB- . The snaps tore out of the fabric after a month , which can not be repaired . This means that the cover is only held in place by the velco . The front wheel -LRB- in stroller mode -RRB- is no longer near true , and jams at a 15-degree angle consistently . Worst of all , the 1-inch webbing that runs along the bottom of the seat has rotted through . I consider the trailer unusable now.The only reason I am not giving it one star is that it might hold up better if garaged and lightly used . The price is right , and the design is fine . The quality is simply poor .
 Sure it 's easy to assemble and attach , but the company probably spent all their energy figuring out a `` quick and easy '' assembly and abandoned any thought on a child 's comfort . I bought this for my 15 month old son to ride with my 18 month old neice . she was okay for 2 minutes and then she just wanted out of it . My son wriggled in it and the straps got tangled . We can usually overlook small things , but it was impossible to try and make the seat work well . it 's just cheap material hanging from a bar with uncomfortable and difficult straps with no padding . Definitely not a `` quick 'n easy '' harness system . There 's no structure to the seat and it also lacked padding for back support . If you really want a trailer and a GOOD one , you should look at the more expensive ones -LRB- I saw several good ones at REI -RRB- . I finally decided I 'd rather get the iBert child seat for my bike , since I 've done my research on it and it has received 88 five star reviews , an award , and recognition on parenting magazine ^_^ .
 I see a major liability issue with the connecting pin that attaches the cart to the bike . It is poorly made and inadequate to do the job . I had it come apart on me while biking . Would you want your toddler in the back of this cart when it detaches from you bike ? Luckily , I had the saftey strap attached and was not going fast . Regardless . BEWARE ! I think the Consumer Product Safety Commission should know about this .
 I ordered this item April 3 , 2008 and have still not received nor been charged for this item . Tried calling customer service , left two voicemails and no one has called me back letting me know the status of this item.Note
 This bike trailer is way too narrow to comfortably carry two larger children -LRB- 35-50 pounds -RRB- . It would be good for my 33 pound son alone , but I do n't think the trailer would be usable if we had another child . I had to take it apart and return it after discovering this .
 I 'm totally unsatisfied with this product . My main problems with it are :1 - the seat belts-they are super hard to fasten . You may think that that is a plus for safety reasons , e.g. your child wo n't be able to unfasten the belts himself , but you wo n't enjoy struggling with them day after day.Also the belts are uncomfortable for the children and when properly fastened very uncomfortable.2-the lack of a sturdy bottom and sides - This is the major problem of this carrier - because of its lack of a sturdy bottom and sides my children sag into each other in the middle and can actually push the thin fabric sides of the carrier directly onto the tires ! I have to routinely yell at them not to do that ! Also I imagine that if you have younger children or are on a longer bike ride and your child discovers that he can do this your trailer could be wrecked in one single ride ! Bring duct tape along!In short the carrier serves it 's purpose for me , but who knows for how long it will hold out . I wish I had spent my money on a quality used trailer . I can not sell this one with a clear conscience to my neighbors and I am amazed at the good reviews the product has recieved .
 Make sure that your bike is compatible with this trailer . It does n't work with every bike , it did n't with mine . I called Allegro Medical several times to try and return it and they gave me a hard time about it saying I cant return it unless it is defective . So now I have a bike trailer and a bike that do n't work together and I 'm out $ 85.00 . Horrible
 I do n't think that I have to say too much as this review is just a repeat of what others have said . This trailer seemed wonderful at first , but it fell apart in a short amount of time . Well , everything is in great shape EXCEPT the straps that are needed to keep my child safe . I had parked it for the summer and went to get it as the weather is nicer . Pulled it out and all of the straps disentegrated ... they are powder . That is absolutely ridiculous !
 I bought this trailer two years ago . that frame is very good and is very light weight . but the canvas has simply shredded . I have a different brand of bike trailer that is 4 years older and has no damage to the canvas I have treated them both the same but the insteps canvas has become a danger as it is falling apart .
 The seating system in this product is horribly designed and unworkable for one much less two children . The seat is a sling style hung between a rigid upper bar and a nylon strap that extends between the two sides of the frame under the child 's legs . The nylon strap can not be tightened sufficiently and there is not enough seating material slung between the upper bar and the lower strap . As a result the child ends up sliding forward and off the seat - very uncomfortable and unpleasant for the passenger . If you attempt a two child configuration , you 'll have two children smooshed together and sliding off . The actual frame and wheel system seems well-designed , but the attachment to the pulling cycle is sub par .
 They totally LIED ! This is nothing more than a BB holder . . They lie to you about most of the items on this website ! DO NOT shop at Amazon.com
 The selection and description of quantities led me to believe that I would get at least 3 times more . This is undoubtedly the smallest amount of heat shrink I , ve ever received for the amount I paid ... . Very disappointed !
 Was hoping to minimize bugs and keep my garden safe from harmful chemicals . This stuff just is n't working well and we noticed that it may be damaging the leaves . We 've since stopped using it .
 I ride my jetski to Catalina island from Dana Point in Southern California . The dingy dock at the island is of the worst quality you can expect . It beats the ski to the extend of chipped paint , not only scratches.I bought 6 of them to protect all around the ski . The straps that come with them are hard to use , I would suggest using bongy cords for faster installation . Use short ones to put very good tension on the HullHugr.I was semi happy with the results .1 . It is very hard to attach the hull hugr to the front of the hood while you are on the ski , almost impossible unless you are a very thin tall guy and can lay on your steering to reach front of the ski . My ski is Yamaha FX HO Cruiser -LRB- 06 -RRB- .2 . Upon impact with dock and rubbing against your ski , the material actually leaves small scratches on the ski .3 . It does get released and rolls up on hard impacts due to water surging.I am not too happy with it but there are not much better alternatives out there.If you want it for a descent dock , then just get two and it will work but if you are in a similar situation like me , do n't waste your money !
 I have a '11 yamaha fx sho . I wanted this to work to protect the sides of my ski . I just does n't work very well . There is no good way to keep the hugger where it is supposed to stay . I would not buy this . I would buy one that comes with clips to attached to the gunnel . That would make the product worth the money .
 The Z type mount for the ar 15 handle , even when you over tighten the screw support , still has side to side play , even the scope tree mounts , wo n't align in the mount and you can see the gaps , so you can not zero in , not a good buy
 I was going to get a water powered rocket for my son who 's really into rockets right now , but not really old enough for the `` real thing . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- I bought the item , expecting it to be great.Boy was I misled.I would have scored the item a `` 1 '' but it gets a `` 2 '' for being clever.The concept is great . It 's a simple , air powered `` rocket '' and so easy to set up and use , anyone can have fun with it . And it is fun . For about 10 minutes.But the device is so poorly made ! After only a few stomps on the air bladder , the launcher fell apart . I have to keep putting it back together . I 'm going to need duct tape very shortly with this plastic junk.And it also was designed to prevent any off angle firing , more than a few degrees in each direction -LRB- otherwise a hole is exposed in the launch tube allowing the air pressure to bleed off -RRB- . So after shooting a rocket straight up into the air a few times , the natural tendency is to try to send the rocket somewhere , perhaps aiming at a target like a canon . But you ca n't unless you tip up the entire plastic housing . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought the Dueling Blast Pad , which is similar but made for 2 kids to play with at once.From the first time it was played with it never worked properly . The plastic launch elbows would n't always stay extended and one of them would NEVER stay upright so that a hole was exposed , allowing the air to escape , which meant that the rocket was never launched . It was a really expensive toy for one kid , when we already have the $ 7 basic stomp rocket from Toys are Us and it has been old faithful . It was a great idea , since kids always want to see whose rocket goes higher , but it never workedIt has hung around in our house for a year , simply because we could n't admit that we wasted so much money on it , but today it is finally going in the garbage.That said , we love his dart board .
 only one rocket works . One rocket has a stamped hole in the foam top so goes no where . the other defected rocket goes up 15 feet and do n't know why . And number three is awesome it shoots up about 125 feet .
 The screws on the bezel are very very shinny and look odd with the flat blackMore `` bling '' than I expected . Big Date feature is nice .
 This eye interval adjustment mechanism of this brand new Olympus Tracker PCI 8x25 binocular broke after two days of usage during our recent trip in OCT 09 . I sent this back for repair in late OCT 09 and I still have not received back a repaired unit or a replacement . I called twice in DEC 09 and Olympus told me that they could not send me a replacement because they do not have any replacement units in stock . How can Olympus runs a warranty service without stocking parts and replacement units ? They also told me they are unsure when they can send me a replacement unit .
 I could n't get them adjusted for my eyes.I have a similar pair that is not as powerful and focus is fine .
 I found the Olympus binoculars hard to focus . When I do get them to focus they are worth the price .
 we sent it back 12/1/09 it is now 29th of Dec and still not credit back to my credit card . I don `` t want to pay for the item and then have a credit . I only use this card for here
 First of all , this is not a Swiss Army Watch . It is not even Swiss made . They did a great job photographing this watch to make it look like it is more than it is ... which is junk ! From the picture the case looks like the bezel . Its not , it is clear plastic . I would have known that had I read a little more about the product before I bought it.Also , Amazon is advertising this as a $ 350 watch on sale for $ 59 , `` Save $ 299.00 '' . Mine just arrived and when I took it out of the box the price tag says $ 79.99 . I seriously think the box is worth more than the watch . After getting my hands on this watch I would n't have even paid that for it ! Not sure if Amazon is guilty of Bait and Switch or just False Advertising but they should really be ashamed of this product .
 It 's purely appearance the quality of the rubber band is poor , the edges or corners of the case are bad finished , you feel the sensation you will get cut
 Totally does not worth even $ 1 . Very bad manufacturing . Two of the twelve `` S '' shaped pieces on the face fall the fist day I use it . of course I ca n't find spare ones anywhere . Also this 40 days issue is real , after day 31 you get day 32 , 33 all the way to 39 . You have to adjust it every month .
 The watch is attratcive , sturdy and met my expectations from this perspective . It does have a 40 day calendar requiring quite a bit of stem turning every month end to set the date at the 1st of the month . Where is a 40 day calendar required anyway ?? Mistake I suspect . In addition , within a few days one of the surround face inserts inscribed nicely with an attractive `` S '' fell out and ca n't be found . I would not buy the product again .
 I purchased this watch in March 2010 for casual wear . The watch looks great , but has an unusual feature in that the date does not reset at 31 , but continues up to 39 - a minor but monthly annoyance.Today , I dropped the watch when putting it on - it fell from counter height . When it hit the tile floor , nearly all of the numbers broke off and are now floating inside the face of the watch . I guess you get what you pay for , but the $ 60 Timex I am wearing at the moment has never lost its numbers.I would recommend looking elsewhere .
 The SPP Chubbs Choice consists of three sections held together with shock cord . Each piece fits loosely into the next . After one week of use , the shock cord broke at the point where it secured inside one end section . No field repair was possible.The length of the SPP Chubbs Choice is set by a telescoping section that is locked by elaborate maneuvers involving turning one piece inside the other and sliding a third piece into place . No directions were given , and no useful advice was available from technical support on the telephone . I eventually figured it out , but I will not bother to explain because the whole thing disintegrates.Save your money and , more important , do not rely on this product .
 These binoculars were inexpensive , but you are better off spending some more money , and getting something good ; this product is really junk and should n't have the good name of Olympus on them .
 NO eye piece cover - you put your eye on a hard surfacehard to focushard to find objectsI lost a pair similar to these that were much better
 Not a great item - does n't do much and definitely not worth the price .
 Weems & Plath Nautilus Collection 1.5 High Sensitivity Barometer . When it arrived it did n't work . Had to send it back . I really wanted this item ; too bad .
 I purchased this camp axe with the intention of storing it in my go bag . I chose this one in particular due to the high reviews here on amazon but have been pretty disappointed with it . Within the first 10 seconds of opening the package I ripped the button off of the sheath which is made of a very cheap plastic-y material . The axe itself is a bit too heavy for my tastes as there is only minimal benefit of added weight with an axe of this size . I wish I would have gone with something a bit more robust and lighter like the Fiskars camp axe .
 I ordered a USA made Macgregor B90 through Amazon . Esportsonline took the order , but they sent a CHINA Rawlings MPH.I called the returns dept. at Esports they claimed to have over 300 B90 helmets in stock so he placed an order for another one emphazing he would not substitute on this order . He even paid the freight and said I could keep the helmet shipped incorrectly ! ANOTHER Rawlings showed up ! Now I have two helmets I did n't order . I did notice on the upc sticker on the helmet it said B90 . Has Rawlings bought out Macgregor ? Was the helmet mislabeled ? Either way it 's false advertising . I ca n't even use the helmet because Chinese sizing is 1/4 size smaller than US . I 'm done with these guys .
 I ordered a USA made Macgregor B90 through Amazon . Esportsonline took the order , but they sent a CHINA Rawlings MPH.I called the returns dept. at Esports they claimed to have over 300 B90 helmets in stock so he placed an order for another one emphazing he would not substitute on this order . He even paid the freight and said I could keep the helmet shipped incorrectly ! ANOTHER Rawlings showed up ! Now I have two helmets I did n't order . I did notice on the upc sticker on the helmet it said B90 . Has Rawlings bought out Macgregor ? Was the helmet mislabeled ? Either way it 's false advertising . I ca n't even use the helmet because Chinese sizing is 1/4 size smaller than US . I 'm done with these guys .
 I ordered a USA made Macgregor B90 through Amazon . Esportsonline took the order , but they sent a CHINA Rawlings MPH.I called the returns dept. at Esports they claimed to have over 300 B90 helmets in stock so he placed an order for another one emphazing he would not substitute on this order . He even paid the freight and said I could keep the helmet shipped incorrectly ! ANOTHER Rawlings showed up ! Now I have two helmets I did n't order . I did notice on the upc sticker on the helmet it said B90 . Has Rawlings bought out Macgregor ? Was the helmet mislabeled ? Either way it 's false advertising . I ca n't even use the helmet because Chinese sizing is 1/4 size smaller than US . I 'm done with these guys .
 I ordered a USA made Macgregor B90 through Amazon . Esportsonline took the order , but they sent a CHINA Rawlings MPH.I called the returns dept. at Esports they claimed to have over 300 B90 helmets in stock so he placed an order for another one emphazing he would not substitute on this order . He even paid the freight and said I could keep the helmet shipped incorrectly ! ANOTHER Rawlings showed up ! Now I have two helmets I did n't order . I did notice on the upc sticker on the helmet it said B90 . Has Rawlings bought out Macgregor ? Was the helmet mislabeled ? Either way it 's false advertising . I ca n't even use the helmet because Chinese sizing is 1/4 size smaller than US . I 'm done with these guys .
 I got these to put on a fretless 4 that i preamped & thought it would give me a really smooth soundfor a fretless . I cant say its all these strings fault but compared to the set of rounds or flats ive put on sincethere 's no comparison ... personally i think they have a bad core or the coating is just too thick . . you lose a tonof volume with these strings ... there still sittin in the junk heap ... Personally I wouldnt waste my $ on 'em : /
 I hate to give this bike such a bad review , but that 's the thing with exercise equipment . If you do n't like something about it , and ca n't use it because of that , then that 's it . The product becomes a clothes rack and is pretty much useless.My problem with this bike , and probably others like it , is that it does n't have handle-bars on the front . Now I know the idea behind a recumbent bike is being able to relax while pedalling , but sometimes you just need to switch it up to give certain musles a break and exercise other muscles , but the absense of forward handle-bars confines you to the same position and quickly makes me very uncomfortable , ie , muscle cramps , backaches , etc. . If this makes any sense to you , you 'd probably be better off considering something with forward handle-bars instead.Writing this review has inspired me to create some sort of grab handle attachment that I can bolt onto the bike , or maybe call the company and see if I can order one . I just hate to waste the $ 140 it cost me to order this thing . I was so happy to get it initially , due to health issues that made it difficult to do my regular , more vigorous exercises .
 Worked fine for about a month -LRB- other than being hideously uncomfortable -RRB- but then started making chattering and thumping noises . Opening up the case revealed no visible problem and got me nowhere.The discomfort has a lot to do with the fact that the pedal/flywheel unit is welded on askew , so that I have to contort myself a bit while exercising.A very regrettable puchase .
 Within 24 hours of getting this thing together , the belt was slipping when you pedaled . It was hardly ridden . I have been trying for two weeks to get life gear to replace it , but I keep getting excuses -LRB- it 's in the mail , we just moved -RRB- . I am sending back . Otherwise I really liked the bike .
 I 've had this bike for a while and although I do exercise , I hardly use this piece of equipment because it has very little resistance . You can hardly break a sweat at the highest level of resistance . I would not recommend this item , it my be enough resistance for a child but not an adult .
 I am very upset because it has been 30 days and I have not received my shipment . No one has contacted me to let me know what the hold up is .
 This machine lasted for about three months then just broke . I am so upset with myself for spending the money I did on this piece of junk ! If you want an elliptical that you 're actually going to use , then do not get this one .
 I enjoy the elliptical . . i really do , especially when I first received the box . It had NO INSTRUCTION MANUAL !!! how da heck do you expect someone to put this together !!
 No where does Amazon say in their description , that this comes completely disassembled ! I have purchased other exercise equipment and you usually have to put on a handle bar or stabilizer . So here it sits in it 's box like a big paper weight in the middle of my floor . Amazon is not paying for return shipping and I can not afford to spend half the amount of the purchase to return it . Buy your big purchases from someone who has a unconditional paid return policy . This may be a good machine , but I will never find out .
 I was going to buy this until I read both reviews !!!!
 AFTER I PURCHASED THIS COMFORTER , I FOUND THE SAME ONE ON TARGET.COM , BUT IT WAS SOLD AS A BED-IN-BAG . THAT MEANT I GOT THE SHEETS AS WELL AS THE DUST RUFFLE AS WELL AS THE SHAM . PURCHASING THRU YOU , I HAD TO BUY SEPARATELY ALL OF THOSE THINGS . I AM VERY UNSATISFIED WITH THIS PURCHASE AND WISH I HAD SEEN THE TARGET OFFER FIRST AND I WOULDNT HAVE SPENT SO MUCH MONEY GATHERING THE WHOLE SET .
 i wanted a kevlar pair of gloves or the kind that has the palm made out of kevlar these gloves are not kevlar as i know kevlar so they are totally useless i have put them in a closet to sell in a yard sale when i have the next one . amazon shame on you for offering these .
 Kelysus had a great idea of developing a free standing portable hammock . I have been looking for one for years . Unfortunately , a great idea does n't necessary translate to great product . Although it was a cinch to set-up , I find myself sagging lower and lower within minutes , and eventually hitting the cross bar below . I only weigh about 160 lbs !!! -LRB- note
 I had not problem with ordering through Amazon.This would have been a great product if it had lived up to the weight description and had alot more height . I weigh 175lbs I sagged about one inch from the ground . You lay so low to the ground and when trying to get out it is swaying and you just roll out to the ground literally , with difficulty getting up alone.I did n't send it back it is very heavy.I like my camp chair with with footrest better . Not their brand .
 Frame very weak , you end up touching the floor when lying in it!Save your money
 Unless you 're Hulk Hogan , Arnold Schwarzenager -LRB- in his Terminator days -RRB- , this is not portable . It is however , comfortable and easy set up and closed up .
 This hopper is no better than a gravity hopper , other than it looks a little cooler , holds less , and costs 5 times as much . The agitation system is not always reliable and can sometimes even prevent feeding . If you are looking for a hopper speed upgrade , at least get a 12 volt revolution , eggII , or Halo B
 This sword did not last two months of very gentle use.Don ' t bother with this product.The old all metal variety is not available anywhere . I searched Hong Kong through all the warrens of little shops and all were sold out , with this plastic trash sword being the only collapsible sword to be found.Too bad my five year old enthusiastic friend found my old all metal collapsible sword and gleefully bent it to shreds . Got ta love the kid ... We wo n't get quality until we refuse to buy the cheap trash.I am now using a homemade sword crafted from an old paint brush and a aluminum bar . Taking a real sword to class gets the police too excited .
 The sashes received do not look at all like they are custom sewn for broadswords , but more simply cut off a large piece of cloth . The sizes are similar , but the edges are frayed and sloppily cut . I would not purchase these again , they are completely unacceptable for competition use .
 I can not rate the content of the DVDs because I have n't watched them but since they have been around for many years , I expect they will be fine . I was , however , very disappointed that the product I received was not the product advertised on Amazon . The DVDs were supposed to be packaged in a deluxe collectors tin but they were not ; they arrived in a non descript plastic case . The DVDs were a gift for someone and the tin would have made it more of a keepsake .
 The sashes received do not look at all like they are custom sewn for broadswords , but more simply cut off a large piece of cloth . The sizes are similar , but the edges are frayed and sloppily cut . I would not purchase these again , they are completely unacceptable for competition use .
 Mine came with no metal collar on the handle , and handle was unfinished . The black finish was chaulky and rubbed off . The hinge pins fell out , and the plunger was .040 to big to even fit in the cylinders . Do n't waist your money .
 Having purchased this along with a spare cylinder I was very disapointed when it arrived and the plunger was very stiff and would n't line up correctly . Had to take it apart and using a Dremel tool , reamed out the plunger and now it works ... Just like the Traditions nipple wrench and capper , which both broke on first time use , this item is very poorly made and cheap ...
 Plunger simply does not fit in a 44 caliber cylinder even though it is supposed to be made for 44 cal . Substandard quality and incorrect specifications . It appears the quality is being lost contracting work out to third world countries !
 The stand is supposed to be for Pietta black powder .44 caliber revolvers . On my Pietta 1860 and 1851 cylinders , the plunger was to big to fit in the chambers , so it was unusable . From the other feedback I see , apparently it works for 1858 Remington replicas , but as for the Colt replicas , it does not . The plunger also seemed to me to be too short to properly seat the balls into the cylinders , if it would have been narrow enough .
 Ordered mine on the web , and it 's been dicey since . The box was a bit battered to begin with , and upon trying to assemble the bike , found out that the reflecters were missing , and the front fork was very bent , making assembly impossible . Repeated calls to Hyper -LRB- mfg -RRB- are met with a ` full voicemail box ' message .
 I have been happy with most of my chinese line of guns until I start buying the low-end of the line . Usually these are marketed under `` Techforce '' , AGI -LRB- Air Gun Inc. -RRB- or simply `` Chinese import '' . Most of these when pictured looks alike and the description vague . Seldom you see a model number . The obvious difference would be the caliber -LRB- .177 or .22 -RRB- and the claimed fps . The one I got should n't pass quality control , I had a real hard time cocking this break barrel rifle until I lubed the break and play with it . I 've shot over 300 shots on it and now it 's manageable to cock , still not smooth . I did n't send it back because of the shipping price . This is a full size rifle at 42 '' and weighing at 9 pounds . It looks , feel and kicks like a .22 short rimfire rifle.For the price , accuracy and power is commendable.mgso
 Good 22 scope nothing bigger ! Thats all i have to say about that . BSA has some good ideas on scooes hope they go bigger
 This scope was n't bad , but it could 've been better ... the other day when I was shooting my crosman phantom air rifle the croshairs fell out of place ... . Amazon did take it back , though ... . but before it broke , it was decent ...
 It was great for target practice with a 22 cal rifle , crossbow and bb gun . Not recommened for AK styles .
 I got the Scope some time ago and it was great for a short period of time on my Gamo Big Cat . I 've shot over 5,000 rounds plinking , but unfortunately the first 1000 where moderately frustration free . Form the start , I made sure to tighten up all the screws on the scope -- after , it took about 15 shots to sight . For a time , I was hitting quarter sized targets at 35 yards consistently , and cans between 50 - 60 yards -LRB- sighting this distance separately and using 3 inch diameter bulls eye because the distance in the scope did n't seem magnified by any degree ... seeing a quarter sized target was hopeless , unless my eyesight 's that bad -RRB- however this is where it began . I 'd have to zero in the sight after about 15-25 shots . After some time I could n't even sight it because it was literally messed up . I came to the conclusion it was from the massive recoil of the air gun ... so i proceeded to disassemble and clean the gun inside-out lubing it up with silicone to help dampen the mechanics -LRB- in lubing it , it actually caused the .177 lead cal . pellets to surpass the speed of sound , which caused the shots to sound like a .22 -RRB- . Despite the projectile reaching a higher velocity , the recoil seemed a little less . The scope continued to lead me astray every 2-5 shots . Taking at this point 15 + shots to sight , I have given up!For the price it may be great for a small less powerful pellet gun or an air soft gun , but with these bigger air guns definitely invest in a scope that has internal dampening.I 've invested in the Gamo Outdoor Usa Bsa Sweet 17 3-12x40 Matte scope . I should be getting it soon = -RRB-
 The optics were so bad I had to return this scope . It may have been a single bad scope , or it may be it is cheap and virtually impossible to use effectively . I 've been using scopes , binoculars and cameras for decades - this is the worst I 've seen . I could not bring the scope into focus - no matter where I placed it from my eye it was like looking through the wrong end . I returned it and bought a Nikon . Very pleased with that.Your mileage may vary .
 BSA scope arrived scratched and seemed heavily used . Looks like a refurbished low quality control item.Regardless if this item arrived new or not , the quality is horrible . Outside is very cheap plastic , Tasco delivers much better scopes for much less money.Internal glass has excessive distortion , excessive chromatic aberration , flare , very low contrast.You have no ability to refocus the target compared to other scopes and if it does then it must be Krazy glued.I buy frequently at Amazon , read my other feedback and will notice I am very fair on reviews , but this scope is the worst of the worst on items purchased through Amazon.FYI
 I 'm a rifle marksmanship instructor , and I was looking for simple , inexpensive fixed-power scope to affix to loaner rifles I could give my students shooting at 25 meters . Based upon the glowing reviews I saw from other reviewers , here on Amazon , I gave BSA a chance.I wo n't make that mistake again.Attempting a simple box test -- moving the zero a fixed distance to the right , the same distance up , back to the left , and then down -- should put the point of aim back in the same place . This scope failed horizontally and vertically , and badly . I could not get this scope to return to zero , nor could a fellow instructor.The only functional use for this scope is to protect the upper receiver of a rifle from a light mist . Were it required for that purpose , however , I trust it would develop leaks.Do not waste your time .
 I hope that I just got a really bad pair on accident.Everything about these swords were messed up . There are cracks going down the scabbard and dents at the top where the swords are supposed to go in.There is n't a center piece so each sword has their own slot . The handles are split apart while the swords are in.The swords themselves are in awful condition too.The handles look as if they have been super glued on . You can even see residual glue.Pieces of the handle are even crooked . The blades themselves are really scuffed up too . One of them is even crooked.The blades are very heavy -LRB- which I like -RRB- , but they are not centered correctly.All of the wight is towards the top of the swords . One sword is even heavier then the other.I really hope that someone just stuck the wrong pair in the box for me .
 I thought to myself why not drop $ 50 bucks on my first training broadsword . First of all you can get it directly from MartialArtsmart site for 5 $ cheeper . I did n't lern this until after I ordered it through Amazon . Out of all of the broad swords I have seen to train with this one is the most flimsy . The only thing this sword is good for is to make the wiggle sound !! A wooden sword would have been a better sword to train with IMHO.I should have spent the extra $ 20 to get the Competition Broadsword . Yeah this one has a cool black scabberd and the carrying case it comes with rocks but blade is like a wet noodle.I do n't reccomend you buy this sword and spend the extra 20 $ for a stiffer sword .
 I bought these mirrors . I hate them . The flexable arm dose n't stay put ... the wire has too much memory and `` drift 's '' back to it 's original position . They also vibrate while you are riding . Spend a few extra bucks and buy bettter mirrors .
 It is impossible to see anything in this mirror because of its convex shape and the amount of vibration . I am sorry to say that I found it to be completely useless .
 They are a great design , but are a little small ... they will do the job for now , but next time I 'll order a larger size .
 My first comment will be positive . The mounting clamp is good and works well without tools . The flexible arm was also solid and held nearly any position desired . Even with the really large mirror , this stayed in place and the vibrations were adequate.But in the end this mirror is completely useless . I do not recommend buying this mirror for bicycling . The problem is the convex mirror . The convex mirror does not allow you to see cars approaching until they are directly next to you . I was hearing cars and looking over my shoulder to see cars less than 1/2 block behind but they were completely non-visible in this mirror . I presume the convex mirror was selected to assist with wider coverage , but on a bike your peripheral vision is adequate to see cars directly over your shoulder . The safety purpose of a bike mirror is to see cars approaching , which this mirror does not provide.I do not recommend this mirror for bicycling in traffic . You can not see cars approaching . You will hear cars and see them by turning your head slightly long before they show up in this mirror . Nice mounting design but I can not believe an experienced parts supplier like Bell would not notice the absolute uselessness of this mirror for bike safety .
 It 's a toy for indoor use only . The images in the plastic convex mirror are toosmall to be of any use on the street . Save your money -LRB- and possibly your life -RRB- and buy a real mirror . I sent mine back for a refund . Ace hardware should beembarassed to sell this mirror .
 Instructions show that it 's a `` toolless install '' . When I took it home to install on my Trek 1.2 road bike , it quickly became clear that the included straps are WAY too narrow for my bar . I 'm not sure what bikes the included mount could possibly work with ...
 This mirror was easy to attach and inexpensive however it was useless . I could n't see approaching cars until they were right behind me !
 This is not that good of a mirror and the arm adjustment is weak and wants to return to its original position . Also it is a curved mirror so you do n't get a good perspective of how far a car is behind you and at night very difficult top see what is coming up on you . Suggest a flat mirror .
 Pros :1 . CheapCons :1 . This mirror made me realize that handlebar mirrors are practically useless for any bike without the curved handlebars found on road bikes . Otherwise you get a nicely distorted view of your arm/hand or your leg/groin -LRB- depending on if you place it above or below the handlebars -RRB- .2 . The convex lens does give you a wide angle view of whatever is behind the lens -LRB- mostly you -RRB- but this also means that anything farther away than 25-50 yards is about as small as a speck of dirt in the mirror.The Result
 After about 2 days the screw that holds it together striped out and fell out , and now I have to use duck tape to hold it together . So I wish I had saved my money .
 I did n't expect a lot for the money , but this mirror was worthless . The flexible neck was TOO flexible -- would n't maintain the position I put it in . Too convex to see anything out of when it WAS adjusted correctly . Very cheap materials -- broke quickly , and I was actually a bit relieved when it DID break . It was just wasting space on my handlebar .
 I can not understand a company like Bell would design such a bad mirror . Its stem is so short that all it displays is your body , and next to nothing to your left . Whichever way I try to adjust it just does n't it fails to show view left of you . It is like having a small mirror in front of you and expect to see what is behind.Bad purchase . I returned it and bought again just to make sure whether I make any mistake . But no , it is just a badly designed product . I am returning it again .
 I enjoy spinning at the gym . For me this DVD was very boring . I have yet to even finish the full DVD because I just could n't take it anymore .
 What a snooze . Yes , I sweated a lot but my goodness this was the most boring cycling class I ever took . I need more than 10 minutes of plain cycling in between phases . Definitely wouldnt suggest this unless you just want to pedal with a some challenge every 10 minutes .
 to much talking and not enough music . three people is to many for 30 min . dvd .
 There is more warm up / recovery / cool down in this workout than there is actual workout . If you 've ever taken a spinning class from even an average instructor , you 'll find this to be pretty soft .
 I do n't review much on Amazon but I am compelled to for this one . First off , there is only one 55 minute workout on this dvd , which is surprising . Second , the instructor is incredibly annoying . Most spin instructors are , but this guy takes the cake . All he does is talk , there really is very little working out on this DVD . He prepares you for two 10 minute intervals by talking about them each for 20 minutes . The music is in no way synced up to the intervals , so you feel like something is not quite right as you 're pushing yourself . Then , the dude stops pedaling right in the middle of the last push to talk more ! I have had instructors that were pregnant that never stopped . You 're supposed to keep going no matter what ! Overall I am incredibly disappointed , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I read the reviews on this DVD and thought it would be a great addition . I barely got thru the first 10 minutes . Josh Taylor is way too chatty . I was looking for a workout , not a therapy session . I suppose if I have never worked out on a spin bike , all of his pointers/suggestions/instruction would have been helpful , but too much talking , not enough pedaling . I will try again to get thru the beginning , but what bothers me the most is that if I did end up liking the workout , I will always have to listen or fastforward thru the first part . All of that info , should have been placed in an instructional area -LRB- which there is one -RRB- or on another disc . It was a big mistake to include all that talking in the main workout .
 Very poor quality , poorly built pump . The handle is thin and not ergonomic . The tube is very short . Saw much better air pumps at discount department stores for about the same price and they usually include a barometer/pressure gauge that is missing here .
 One weeks after receiving this product , the internal part of the pump broke . Worse , the top part of the pump can not be unscrewed for inspection and repair . Its not worth the money even if under $ 9 .
 I got this for my bike and I sure wish I did n't . This is more appropriate for balls or something . I could not get my tires pumped up all the way and on the 2nd use it broke !
 The first time I used this pump , the flip-out base started to break off ! It pumps fine for the small tires on my daughter 's bike , but I intend to buy a more solid pump for my own bike . Also , I was being cheap and bought this knowing that it was for Schrader valves and thought I would buy an adapter , but now I 'm going to spend a little more and get the pump I need .
 The front seams on these pants are scratchy , especially on the knees . The seams do n't drape well , so the pants hang funny . I returned them . I have other Under Armour pants that fit well and feel great -- but these definitely did n't . The Gear Tech fabric keeps you cool , washes and hangs dry in a few hours -- so I give the product two stars for the quality of the material .
 I 've had the bottle for about 6 months now and finally had to use it when attacked by a pit bull today . Out came an anemic little stream that went maybe 4 feet . I guess it did work in that the dog called off the attack , but I do n't think I hit him , it was more because I was spraying a liquid his direction . Honestly I 'd have got better range and been more effective by peeing on him or using silly string . One star because this could have got me killed !
 This gun feels good . Accurate & quiet.Downsides are
 came apart the second time i rode my bike ------------ it is junk so please do n't waste your money
 I really liked this seat cover , it works great on my Giant spin cycle , however I bought it in mid April and have n't ridden my bike more than about 25 times since -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- , but it already has started to come apart at the seam . It started opening in the back and now the side is splitting and the gel is oozing out . I wrote the seller to see if I could get a replacement , hoping it is defective or a fluke thing . If that 's the case , I would be otherwise happy with the cover . In case you 're wondering , I 'm not obese and it was normal wear and tear/riding of the spin cycle , so this cover should have held up .
 I am extremely disappointed with this product . I only bought one because my recent seat was stolen . I had it for easily 1-2yrs and it was still in pretty good shape . The one I recently purchased is horrendous . I will have to purchase another after only a month 's use . It has ripped at the sides , the gel is coming out . I do not understand how all the previous gel seats I have bought have consistently lasted for at least a year and this one did not last even a month . This was the worst purchase made .
 I had a little trouble getting this saddle cover to fit tightly , it took some effort to get the ties real taught and to cross tie them under the seat . It worked pretty well for a while , but then over time it felt like the gel was breaking up and then I left the bike in the sun and the gel started to melt an ooze out of the material . That was it , it was ruined . It lasted one season of riding . Felt good when it worked . It did the job of getting me acclimated to my bike seat . After a good season of riding i did n't need it any more , the standard saddle is fine .
 I bought it not for softening my saddle . The fact is I have a Selle SRL Titanium saddle in red color and I wanted something to use as a cover to preserve this expensive saddle during I transport my bikes or when I have to ride in very muddy conditions . So I bought this product purely as a `` cover '' and I did n't make much research on this item , supposing that `` any will fit `` First of all , I was very unpleasantly surprised by the weight of this product . It is unreasonably heavy , very heavy . It is made very big just to be more universal and fit more saddles , but its not the best idea . If you apply it on narrow saddle , than you cant fix this cover at all . It moves and slips all the time . Fixing strand is another bad idea . In fact , I ca n't find any positive point in this product thus I ca n't recommend it . Do n't waste your money !
 Me and my husband bought these covers and they suck . They are squishy but it still leaves your butt very sore after you ride your bike . Neither of us are overweight . We put these on our Schwinn bicycles . Neither of us like this cover at all .
 Bought in June . Used an average of twice a week for 20-30 min each use . The seat started showing signs of wear within the first two or three uses , but it was still usable . Now in February it has fallen apart . The seams finally gave and the gel is oozing out.Gave it two stars because I did get some use out of it and it was comfortable while it lasted . But , it 's not nearly as durable as my last Bell gel seat , which saw more use each week and still lasted a couple of years .
 While the cover fit well around the seat , it did not stay put . It shifted to one side more than the other AND the gel oozed out after only riding my bike for 2 days . I went to my local bicyle shop and they gave me a completely new SEAT -LRB- not cover -RRB- for my bike . It is made of foam which is so much better in so many ways . Do n't waste your $ on this seat cover ! Go with foam !
 It 's just not enough cushion for my poor tail bone ! Perhaps the thin layer of gel may be enough for people already accustomed to riding , but for those just getting into or -LRB- like in my case -RRB- back into the sport , I 'd suggest padded shorts instead . Those definitely eased the pain a lot more than the seat cover .
 After only 4 hours of use , this seat cover is starting to fall apart . The stitching is coming apart on the back part of the cover , and gel is coming out . This is a very poorly made product .
 I bought this seat cover to reduce the hardness of my original seat to my hybrid bicycle . After only two days of using this cover , the stitching began separating on the stretch material which goes around the perimeter of the seat . I returned the product for a credit ... not worth the price .
 I weigh close to 240 and started using this in late July . i found this seat to be good , but the fabric on it has already ripped
 This seat cover is very comfortable , but if your saddle is not the same size as the cover then the sides will wear thin quickly and the gel will seep out.Within 2 weeks the gel started to come out the sides .
 While this seat cover did provide comfort for my long rides home from work , it only lasted three days . By the second day the fabric that covers the gel was starting to stretch and tear . By the third day it was almost completely torn at which point I took off the cover and put in an order for a new seat . Do yourself a favor and just spend the extra $ 10-20 on a new seat . I paid $ 30 for a seat that has worked great and is more comfortable than this pad was .
 Not a good product -- hurt my butt MORE when I used it and sat on it . Would not recommend . Also a bit bulky ; when you take it off your bike -LRB- so people do n't steal it -RRB- it 's not that easy to fit into your carrying bags .
 This seat cover is pretty thin , improving the comfort of the ride in a pretty marginal way . Also , the seams are loose and the gel insert beneath the nylon is completely visible after one 60-minute spin class . Save your money , folks and look elsewhere .
 I purchased two of these , one for myself and one for my husband . Neither of us were able to notice any difference . It feels soft , it is not cheaply made by any means , but it just did n't do it for either of us . If I had to do it again , I would probably choose something different .
 I had earlier purchased a Bell Gel Contour Bicycle Seat Cover -LRB- `` Bell Gel Fusion + '' -RRB- -LRB- which is ASIN # B00069NW2I -RRB- from the local Fred Meyer department store , and had been fairly satisfied with it.For some reason , this time I ordered online the plainer and simpler looking Bell Gel Base Bicycle Seat Cover -LRB- `` Bell Gel Fusion '' -RRB- -LRB- which is ASIN # B00005OKZ7 -RRB- . It is surprisingly bad , relatively to the former . Much less comfortable , and you can feel the seam at the edge after riding for a while . Not worth saving $ 5 . Not all the reviews seemed fair or accurate to me , but this really is a far inferior product compared to the competition.It 's better than nothing , of course .
 Listen up all you Amazon self-appointed Review Police ... I know I am not reviewing the product itself , but potential buyers of this product need to know that this DuBro Set does not include the T-Handle Tap Wrench shown in the photo . You just get a small bag with 5 drill bits and 5 tap bits . I ca n't attest for the quality of bits because it is going back to Amazon for a Refund . It is very expensive if you have to buy a decent Tap Wrench along with this $ 22 set . I know their are better choices for $ 45 + . I ca n't blame Amazon -LRB- although they are at fault with a poor description and product photo -RRB- and DuBro did nothing wrong either . Just be warned and save yourself the hassle of Returns !
 I received this item as a gift and the first time I used it one of the bands broke and nearly hit me in the eye . The stretch bands were obviously made using inferior materials and are unsafe for use . This product should be recalled before someone is permanently injured . I contacted The Supply Cabinet 's Customer Service , using their email address , to request a return authorization number and a refund be applied to the purchaser . They never responded . I suggest you shop someplace else for a different , safe product and better customer service .
 I bought this gift for my mother for Mother 's Day . From what she tells me , the moment she opened the box , a broken piece of the equipment launched out and nearly smacked her in the eye ! Further investigation revealed the equipment to be VERY poorly made.Also , my mother attempted to contact the manufacture of the product , and they have seemingly ignored all her of her attempts.I highly recommend trying some other product .
 The first time I used this it broke and popped me which left a great BRUISE!These things are horrible DO NOT buy them !!!!
 I need to send back . the tubing breaks.Need info about sending back.Poor quality
 As a former US Marine , let me state clearly and unequivocally , this is NOT the USMC fighting knife . The sheath is crap and the knife is n't made by Ka-Bar or it would say so .
 i dont like the people who sent me this because they sent me the wrong one and tell me to pay them to send it back.and as 4 the product i recieved it was terrible u can bend with one finger and the tang is a pencil thin thing that screws in the handle with a bolt . its a disgrace to real kantanas and fake katanas alike
 cheap nut inside the hilt holds it together and comes loose not tight sacb the blade rust even if you clean it the right way i know because i had a professional clean it
 Over a lifetime of owning and wearing several watches covering the full spectrum of costs and styles , I 've never experienced a watch this unreliable . The Regatta is a handsome watch , that comes in a meticulous package . Everything would be perfect , expect for the fact that it does n't keep time . This watch loses time , not by seconds a day , but in whole chunks . A half hour here , an hour there ; whenever I would look at the watch , I could n't really know what time it was . Shameful!An automatic watch should be able to keep time when worn 24/7 . This one does n't , so it 's going back . Thank g-d Amazon is reliable , even if the watch is n't .
 Nice looking watch in a nice box but it does n't work . Do not get confused , it is `` made in China '' . Se ve bien y tiene una buena presentaci&oacute;n , pero no funciona . Este reloj est&aacute; hecho en China
 bought the 42 in , first of all it wasnt the brand it said on the ad ! very dissapointed , didnt come with directions . And no return address ! do n't buy it . . not worth it at all
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 I like the look of this watch but the automatic movement inside is a piece of crap.I have plenty of automatics from many different brands and have no problems from any of them , except from stuhrling . This is the second out of four from them that just does not run properly . And yes I wound it plenty and no I 'm not expecting it to be right on after every hour , I 'm talking it just stops after 3min , 5 min . They must use the cheapest movements they can find -- Stay Away !
 I purchased this based on the picture and description . The price was good . I was disappointed quickly once they arrived . This watch looks good and has a good a solid feel ... outside ... however , once you start playing with you see the problems quickly : - Crown is so loose I would be really worried to expose it to any wet conditions -LRB- not even talking about washing my hands -RRB- - The crown winding did not work - tried multiple times - stopped after 1 minute of running.I have returned the watch . I was particular disappointed as you can get a nice Seiko or Citizen for this price and those would work forever.In short - do not waste your time and money and get Seiko or a Citizen .
 Bought this watch last december . The looks is nice but a litle bit too light for automatic wacth . For the price can not complain , for the looks especially the interesting blue cross leather band is amazing deal . The only problem the thing is very fragile , i only used it for 2 months and one day I clap so hard at meetings suddenly the mechanical loosen it self and not long after that all the gear just fell off . I used many mechanical watches from many brands with various prices and this is first time i have to deal with this . Quite a suprise for sthurling brand too make this lousy watch , better watch out for this brand for their quality assurance .
 Tried for 3 hours to make it fit to my 1973 model 94 . The product is cheap and unuseable . Save your money .
 I purchased two masks and when I received them they were so small they must have been made for a child . Totally impossible for me to use . Now the company says they do n't exchange masks . But please note , they are not marked `` no return '' on the website at least not when I purchased them in November 2009 .
 I do n't have anything against the pellet type of Sluggo -- it does n't have Spinosad or Imidacloprid . I 've been using the pellets and have heard from others that they work well.This particular product -LRB- the spray , which is made by the same company -RRB- has Spinosad , which is harmful for bees . If you have n't heard , the bee populations have been having a lot of trouble recently . There have been mass die offs of entire colonies and fruit farmers have started having to get their own bees.I thought anyone attracted to this product is probably interested in helping the bees and might not know about the harmful effects of Spinosad or Imidacloprid .
 I put out two pounds of sluggo to discover that mice hoard the pellets . The pellets would dissapear overnight and I thought they disolved in the rain . One day I uncoverd a moiuse nest and found about a pound of sluggo pellets hoarded in the nest . Its a waste of money for those that live on the edge of a forest .
 Thought I 'd give this product a go because of its `` safe for pets '' advertising . Unfortunately , it has not worked very well at all on our plants . After repeated applications of the Sluggo in the affected area , snails are still present and the plants are quickly becoming leaf-free . I 'm going back to the major brands next time , and making sure pets stay away .
 This product did not work . I applied it as directed . I still have as many snails & slugs as I did before using this . I had such high hopes too as I have a dog & was excited to find something non-toxic that I could use and not have to worry about it affecting the dog . I understand that it takes a while for the slugs & snails to die from this but it has been 3 weeks and I 'm still infested .
 Despite the advertising that claims this stuff is safe , there is recent evidence that this stuff is poisonous to dogs and perhaps children . It certainly does kill slugs , but there have been recent reports of deaths and less tragic poisonings in dogs . Iron phosphate is a naturally occurring substance . However , the inert ingredient included in Iron Phosphate baits is wheat gluten . As you can guess that makes this stuff very tasty for dogs . What the label does n't tell you is that the other active ingredient is the chemical EDTA . EDTA is an agent that allows the iron phosphate to become poisonous to slugs and anything else that eats it . Most of the poisonous deaths have come from spills or from dogs accessing this stuff in bags . But since the advertising tells us its safe for pets and children , gardeners do not treat this stuff as the poison that it is . If you are going to use this stuff store it carefully in areas where children and pets ca n't access it . Do n't put it in piles or allow children or pets access to treated areas . Read the article at hostalibrary.org , in the Reading Room . What makes me angry about this product is the advertising that claims it is safe , thus gardeners store it and use it without proper caution . If you have curious dogs , as I do , the only safe slug killing method is 10-15 % ammonia and water sprayed all over your garden . Be forewarned about Iron Phosphate baits .
 I have used regular sluggo for snails & slugs with great results for over 2 years now so when I heard about Sluggo Plus , I decided the high cost was worth it . I bought a 2.5 lb bottle for $ 30 . There are a lot of earwigs and sowbugs in my garden and the earwigs especially seem to do a lot of damage to my ornamentals . I have been using Sluggo Plus for over 2 months and it seems very ineffective against snails & slugs so I still need to use plain sluggo . I also just found 3 earwigs inside the flowers on my Daturas that are still closed but ready to open any day . The earwigs are causing them to fall off before opening . I am very disappointed with the results of Sluggo Plus and will not purchase or recommend it ever again .
 The shipment arrived in USPS box . But the container appears to be used . Blood like fluid -LRB- May be of slugs / shells -RRB- and dark spots all over the container . Photos of dark spots and blood like fluid on container were sent to the vendor .
 This bag you are selling is not working in a hot weather at all , I purchased a deferent bag at Trader Joe ` s for only $ 2.99 that works in Las Vegas heat it has real insulation and very strong , my family ask me to send them bags to Texas because this bag is not available there.You can make it available for all the country.ThanksIrina
 I like the pants I received but they are not the ones shown on Amazon.com My black pants do not have Ooh La La written on the backside like the photo shows ... also though they are comfortable ... the second time I wore them they feel off my butt . They stretched out way to fast ... I 'm guessing they will shrink once I was and dry them but it 's unfortunate they do n't stay on anymore after I wore them only once .
 I ordered the wrong size , shipped the pants back to ooh la la the address that was on the pack . Another Company sent them back to me saying they never sent them to me $ 9.00 pair of pants with shipping back and forward I 'm up to $ 20.00 and I still have the wrong size . Ended up given them to a small friend , a waste of money .
 Too tight . I thought I ordered a loose fitting shirt but got a tight fit . Shirt itself would have been okay .
 Everything I wear is extra large and it fits fine . With this thing extra large is so skin tight I can hardly breath . I will never order another one .
 THE ONLY THING ABOUT THE COLD GEAR IS THAT 'S WHAT IT IS COLD . I 'D DO BETTER WITH THERMAL WEAR AT A BETTER FAR BETTER PRICE . I ALREADY HAVE TWO HOLES IN MY LEGGINGS . WOW . WHAT A RIP . ANOTHER NAME BRAND PRODUCT MADE OVERSEAS , AND OVERPRICED SOLD TO THE GULLABLE CONSUMER . VERY , VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 Horrible Display on Amazon shopping cart and order receipt !!! - when I add the clothing in the shopping card , it does ` nt specify the size selected !!!! Also , on the order receipt , it does n't specify it either . Why is it not included ?
 I ordered this mens under armour for a christmas gift . I cant say for sure that its a knockoff . . but its defintily nothing like the one I got last year at Bass Pro Shop . Seems to be good tech material tho-if ordering get a size up from what you ` d normally get . I returned and went back to Bass Pro . . slow to refund ...
 Was not very happy with this shirt . The first thing I did ` nt like was that the sleeves were too short . I tried a medium and large and both were too short . The medium fit my body right but not the sleeves . The large was a little big on my body but the sleeves were still too short . I did ` nt think this was very warm either , possibly because I 'm used to the compression which is tighter . Overall , if the sleeves were n't so short it would be alright . I returned it and ordered a compression crew which I 'm extremely happy with .
 I have to return this item because itis the wrong size , wrong color , wrong style . Will be sending it back .
 Extremely loose in seat and legs . There 's twice as much material as necessary making them feel heavy . The legs are so big you could get them on over ski boots .
 i 'm a 29 '' waist but i noticed that as the waist sizes go down , other dimensions stay the same . so if you 're a skinny guy do n't even consider getting there because you will look like a hood rat in baggy pants , which is in no way presentable in a professional setting and outright uncomfortable which can get in the way of any active operations.on the contrary , the materials and workmanship are superior , so if you 're a waist size 38 and above go ahead and get these .
 I ordered this tactical pants because I had previously owned 5.11 products and because there are n't a lot of other brands that make as durable pants as this company does . Comfort and appearance though , what a mess ! First of all , I am deployed out in a war zone and out here you want to have the best ... something that does not hinder your job and that can take a beating . Second , you want to look presentable and professional since you represent someone who is paying your bills . Well , the 5.11 # 74251 Tactical Pants and its whole family , have an extremely wide and baggy inseam and , for what reason ??? I do n't know , but it sure chafes down on your inner thighs and gives you what we call , `` monkey butt '' A day of high activity in these pants and your inner thighs will be done ... and do not get wet ! You would be in serious trouble and if you do , YOU WILL find out why we call it , `` monkey butt '' As far as appearance goes , unless you can find someone you can hire to `` redo '' your pants , you are going to look like the latest kid on the block in your super baggy/baby diaper-like pants . Like I said earlier , there are n't a lot of company 's out there that make gear as durable as 5.11 and you will appreciate that when you find yourself rolling in the dirt , but as far as comfort and looks , it definitely needs some work . I hope they re-think this design .
 Many of my law enforcement friends have depts that use 5.11 but I 've found they 're more marketing than superior quality . You can get the same items cheaper from places like Propper or Charles River . Frankly , agencies that use 5.11 are wasting tax payer money on items they could get at much better prices .
 I have the same pair of pants that are the exact same number but are different . These pants are made of that terrible material that collects every little hair/lint/anything on to it and looks terrible . While the other pair that I had before and bought at the store and not through this seller are the exact same number and description but do not collect everything in sight on them . I of course returned them , and will just go to the store to buy the pair I want .
 I purchased the 60oz Igloo maxcold for car camping , and after a couple of trips , the handle ripped off . Came right out of the side of the cooler . I recently had the latch brake on me , which I can repair , but be warned , the handles just do not hold up . It does a good job of keeping things cool , and with the wheels is easy to move around , but the handles , which are key to being able to move any cooler have much to be desired .
 This cooler has only been used maybe a dozen times , but just this weekend the second handle came right off the outside casing . The first handle came off about 2 or 3 months after we bought it . Needless to say , I wo n't be buying another Igloo any time soon .
 I have had this product for a littler over a year and it has completely fallen apart . The hinges broke and the inside plastic strap that supported the lid broke , thus the lid has fallen off ; and most recently the wheels came off . We were not rough on this cooler , although it did get used every couple of weeks for Costco trips -LRB- since I live about an hour from the store -RRB- . Needless to say , I will not be buying this again , and I wo n't be buying an Igloo cooler unless there are some major quality improvements . The hinges on my last Igloo cooler -LRB- different model -RRB- also broke .
 Igloo 's customer service is terrible . I received a cooler as a gift , so I did n't have a receipt . When I had a problem with it , they gave me the run around for 8 months , directing me here and then directing me there only to be told in the end they would n't help me because I did n't have a receipt . I will NEVER purchase one of their products after this experience . A customer 's experience is the BEST form of advertisement and endorsement a company has . It was obvious that Igloo did n't care about my experience or my future business .
 The handles fell off on first use , which is n't surprising when you see how poorly they 're designed . The handles are screwed to the shell material with two , 3/4 '' # 10 screws , with no other support . When lifting , the handle strikes the shell , creating leverage to pull the poorly anchored screws loose , exacerbating the problem . My cooler had approximately 30 lbs of total weight inside when the handles came off , and that 's only half the cooler 's `` 81 can '' weight capacity . It went back to Target.The only advantage I noted of the Igloo cooler line over the Coleman line is that many of the Igloos have a true latch on the lid . Otherwise , Coleman coolers are better constructed , and I returned my Igloo for a 75 Qt Wheeled Xtreme 5 Cooler -LRB- Model No. 3000000732 -RRB- and I 've been happy with it . You might find it at your local W store for a very good price . There 's also a Coleman 62 Quart Wheeled Xtreme 5 Cooler -LRB- Model No. 6262A748 -RRB- that 's very similar to the lowly Igloo , but with much better handles .
 Got this from a local store for about $ 50 . Used it for parties to keep drinks cold . While it does a good job of insulating , both hinges and the lid latch are already broken in less than one year . For $ 50 , I expect better quality . See my photos for examples . I would not recommend this cooler .
 I have several Coleman coolers , and this was the first Igloo cooler I 've ever purchased , as the wheeled aspect appealed to me . I 'm a 42 year old man and take care of my things . My 3 other Coleman coolers have lasted 2-7 years , and are still being used . The first time I used this Igloo cooler , the lock/latch broke . The third time I used it the hinge came undone . The fourth time I used it , the plastic strap that keeps the lid from over-extending the hinges broke and the lid just came un-hinged and fell off . What a piece of junk . Furthermore , it claims to keep ice for 5 days . I used it one day at the beach keeping it in the shade , then brought it into a 72 degree air-conditioned environment . The next day the ice was gone . I emailed Igloo support and they would n't do any warranty repair/return without an original receipt . I 'm not sure about others but I do n't keep receipts for $ 40 coolers . I would never buy this again and have replaced it with another Coleman .
 What a disappointment ! I 've had the cooler for about 6 months now , and it does an impressive job of keeping ice frozen , but the thing is falling apart . On the first use of the cooler the screws for one of the handles stripped out . I repaired this by going to the hardware store and purchasing drywall anchors , and they have been holding well . I replaced all four screws knowing the others would fail in short order . The plastic strap that stops the lid from overextending frequently gets caught under the lid when closing the cooler , preventing a tight seal . This repeated crimping of the strap has now led to it breaking on my last trip . When I returned home , I forgot about the broken strap when I raised the lid . This resulted in the lid overextending , and both hinges promptly broke . I suggest you find another brand .
 In the first season of use , the front clasp broke off and one of the handle screws popped out ... a cheaply made cooler but expensive -LRB- especially when compared to Coleman -RRB- .
 I had modest expectations for a set of $ 12 miniature binoculars but even then I think I might have been asking too much from these binoculars . No matter what I tried I could n't get them to focus . Standard adjustment process
 the unit i received showed double images which make the binocular useless ... no eye adjustment/focus could bring the two images together . build material was acceptable .
 I do n't recommend this item . Cheaply made and it would never fully focus . Felt a little blurry . Do n't waste your money !
 For the price ok i guess . unable to focus at long distance -LRB- football Field -RRB- of verry little use to me . I would not recommend this product
 The comparably priced Bushnell is better -LRB- I own that also -RRB- . The right eyepiece focus motion on mine has extremely poor motion . When turning it , it has all kinds of friction grabs and very loose gaps in its motion . -LRB- kind of hard to explain -RRB- . The loose gaps are where the right eyepiece is so loose that it very easily goes out of focus . This problem is very pronounced . I would definitely return it , but it 's not worth the effort . I wo n't buy a cheap bino online any more . I 'll go to the store and check it out first . That would be my recommendation to others before taking a chance on this piece of crap .
 I bought these for my boyfriend to take to football games . They are not high quality whatsoever , which I was expecting by the price , but they did n't even seem to focus for him . I think this would only be a good gift if they were a stocking stuffer for a young kid wanting to play in the woods or something .
 Small ... plus the focus is bad , not what I was expecting . Do yourself a favor and pay the extra money for some good binoculars .
 The optics are awful , there is a kind of `` rainbow '' effect that is incredibly distracting when looking through them.Also , the glue is not dry , when I first was moving the parts of the binoculars , a plastic bit slid right off the end.I have used toy plastic binoculars that work better than this piece of junk.Even for the low price , these have bad optics and poor construction .
 I used it 2 times , 3d time it was broken in pieces right in my hands . My advise
 The Focus feature broke on Day 2 . Binoculars are pretty useless when you ca n't focus . You get what you pay for .
 You should pay a bit more and get better binocularsthe 21 size is too small to gather enough light
 According to most of the other reviews , these are a great little pair of binoculars for the money . However , I found it very difficult to get them in focus because I wear glasses . Maybe I just do n't kow how to adjust them properly , but I found them rather inadequate . Better instructions for novice users would have been a lot more helpful . I bought them for use at the opera , but I 'm just not sure they will be very helpful .
 I purchased these from amazon due to the very high ratings compared to other similarly priced binoculars . What a waste of money.Magnification works cleanly for about 100 yards , blurry after that . What a shame , considering they advertise 383 feet . Adjustment round is stiff and difficult to turn . I have to take them away from my eyes and really work at them to focus , so a lot of guess and check . This makes the binoculars useless for finding a close bird fast , which is about the only thing you could use these for . Only use I could see is opera glasses or for peeping at your neighbors .
 Bought a pair of these from a big box outfit yesterday . Took 'em home and pit 'em against the legendary Tasco 8x21 set .1 . The 8x21s were much more pleasing to look through2 . The 8x21s are clear throughout . The 10x25s are barely clear in the center and terribly fuzzy and distorted beyond the center point .3 . Of course the 10x25s are higher powered , but I believe I could still make out a whisker more detail with the 8x21s .4 . Eye relief is similar on each , but since the outer edges of the 10x25s are distorted , they have , essentially less eye relief and thus the 8x21s have a wider field of vision5 . The 8x21s are more compact6 . My 8x21s are every bit as clear as my more expensive and much larger and heavier Barska Atlantic 8x32s . The only benefit to the larger pair is the larger field of vision7 . The Tasco 10x25s might be the worst pair of binoculars I have ever had the displeasure of peering through . I returned them within about an hour of purchase
 I ordered this item in May for bird watching . Did not get to use it until 1st weekend in June ... past the return time frame . Each of the sides of the binocular work very well , but independantly . On a person with 20/20 vision , if you focused the right eye , left was out of focus . If you focused the left , the right was out of focus . The result was similar to trying to bird watch after doing 25 shots of Jaegermeister .
 I bought these binoculars for my 9 yr old son for Christmas . He took them to a friends house to show them off the day after Christmas . One drop onto the ground and they have become inoperable . Eyepiece popped off and does not go back together properly . I guess I got what I paid for .
 When I recieved this cap first thing I thought the box was too small and then I realized that the cap was so twisted in and then I got it out of the box and the cap did n't have any shape so I tried to fix it putting a small towel on it and i left it there for a while but it was still the same , I bought this for my husband 'cause he likes the Texas Rangers but he is so disappointed that he wo n't use it 'cause the cap it 's all out of shape .
 The cap was of good quality , however the size indicated did not fit . I had recently purchase two other New Era caps from other vendors and both fit well . This one was ordered as the same size but obviously missed labeled.I also paid $ 20 extra for overnight shipping , however it took a week to receive the product . Of course this was not refunded when I returned the the cap . I will not be buying from Dick 's Sporting goods again .
 Waste of money . You 're better off squinting with your eyes . These binoculars barely magnifies . Do not buy . Go for higher zoom .
 Pros
 folks yes it looks great ! all else stops there . This company will toss you aside once the gun is paid for .
 when this gun arrived i noticed when fired it leaked gas around where it was to close tight and i notified GAMO and they wanted me to pay to have it shipped back to them . left me with a bad taste to the product but then i contacted the seller who paid to have it shipped back and has a new one on the way they were very helpful and wasted no time in helping me with my problem by providing me with a pick up label and have resolved the problem for me and i will continue to buy from them .
 The PT-80 looks and feel like a real .380 semiauto pistol . The outside is mostly metal . I 've read where other reviewers has problems with the CO2 leakage with their Gamo R-77 's -LRB- 4 '' revolver . -RRB- I bought a pack of CO2 `` o `` rings from the Gamo site , just incase . The first CO2 I put in loaded fine , then after the second shot leaked like it blew the seal . That was a waste . Just to make sure it was n't a fluke , I load another CO2 , this time everything is ok . I was really dissappointed with the waste of CO2 with this gun . I got like 5 speedloaders worth of good velocity -LRB- 40 shots , -RRB- after that it start dropping off fast . It 's stated that it has a 4.25 '' rifled steel barrel , but the accuracy is really bad . At 25 ' this gun shoots all over my 5.5 x5 .5 '' cone trap , and miss the trap once it starts losing velocity . It 's not my shooting either -LRB- see `` all my reviews '' . -RRB- The trigger pull is long and hard . It suppose to be able to shoot single or double action . Forget single action , it 's still a long pull on the trigger , at least you can feel when it 's going to shoot with double action . The speed loader , is thicker than most . I was using Crosman `` Premier '' .177 pellets which I 've recommend for speedloaders , but found that it get stuck in Gamo speedloaders . I have to switch to Gamo pellets -LRB- a little lighter . -RRB- See my other reviews for better pistols that cost less . mgso
 I bought this in a retail store . Looks great , fires great , but , and this is a big but ... The whole story is contained in this email that I sent to the manufacturer , GAMO-USA ; The Email I sent to GAMO-USA : I have a PT 80 CO2 pistol purchased from Big 5 about 3 years ago . I am unable to use this pistol because the O-ring that fits on the gas outlet is torn/defective . This is the O-ring just before the gas enters the rotary clip to launch the pellet.This is the only thing that is wrong with this gun.Can you please send me a couple dozen of these O-rings ? I ask for that number because these things break every time after firing the pistol about 150 times or less . I know that they break because I had this problem on all 3 of the PT 80 pistols that I got from Big 5 . This is an excellent pistol , with the exception of this O-ring problem . If you are not already doing it , I would suggest you keep a couple hundred of these O-rings available for requests like this , as I am sure this is a recuring problem . It is a very low price to pay for the resulting happy customers and positive impact to your reputation.I would be happy to pay for shipping and the O-rings , assuming the cost is no more than $ 15.00 . Their response : GAMO refuses to sell me the described O-ring , because is is a manufacturer part , and due to liability issues . They want me to send it to them for `` repair '' . The Bottom Line : The PT-80 is worthless with this bad O-ring . This repair would undoubtably consist of replacing the the O-ring which I seriously doubt costs more the a few cents . I could replace it in 2 minutes , if I had one ... To get this repair , would likely cost me around $ 10 to ship it to Gamo-USA , plus , they require that I send $ 10 for return shipping/handling ... At least $ 20 for a trivial repair that would last no more than a couple hundred shots at the most .
 Pt-80 great to shoot when it works . Problem is breech seal goes quickly . A design flaw by Gamo . I tried to order breech seal told I needed to send gun in to get fixed , yeah right for a rubber o-ring . I think Not !!! I came up with a fix to keep you shooting . Get some 1/4 '' neoprene or vinyl tubing , cut to fit and you are done . A fix that works great , No thanks to Gamo . I would not buy another Gamo product again after this experience .
 I bought this gun because it had good reviews from certain online air gun stores . It looks and feels good but the pellets get caught in the chamber . Maybe because they are plastic . It would n't turn enough and the pellet would hit the barrel before it was properly line up for a discharge . I took it back 3 times and they all had the same problem . The first one I had worked for the longest amount of time but the other 2 did n't work right out of the box . Not every pellet would get caught but 2-4 would be in the chamber after shooting 8 rounds . Also sometimes the chamber would n't even turn . I finally exchanged for a Walther cp-sport for $ 15 more and it is a much better gun for about the same price . The way the co2 cartridge is loaded and how the chamber -LRB- made of metal -RRB- is loaded is just more realistic . I have had no problems with the sport . Go with the sport .
 I only rated this one star because I could n't rate it lower . I bought two -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- because of good reviews I read . They both worked beautifully for the first cartridge . Both blew seals on the second cartridge . Try getting replacement seals . The cost of shipping these lemons to Florida from Hawaii is almost as much as buying new ones . These are not the first or only CO2 guns I own , so I do n't believe it 's due to my mishandling the PT80s as my other CO2 guns are working fine .
 I KNEW WHEN I TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX WHEN I SAW THE BACK SITE OVER TO THE LEFT AS FAR AS IT COULD GO , AND STILL SHOT ABOUT 3 FEET OFF TARGET .
 As with the other reviews , just blew 2 gas cylinders loading them into the Gamo PT80 . Wish I had read the reviews first .
 I bought these glasses and could n't be more disappointed . I 've just started playing squash with my brother . I sweat profusely and he sweats an average amount . These glasses do n't fog , but sweat gets on lenses very easily . I would have to clean them after each rally ! My brother did n't have to as much but he still did . After reading reviews on here by some one else who sweats alot , he recommended the head pro elitehttp : / / www.amazon.com/HEAD-288811-Head-Elite-Eyewear/dp/B000LH2Z1O/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s;=apparel&qid;=1253245001&sr;=8-3]His review was positive . I was skeptical , but amazed at the results . No fog or sweat at all in the head pro elite . Bottom line
 I purchased 4 of them ... all crap ! Inner lenses are all cracked and fogged . Very dissatisfied with this purchase . Waste of money
 the sight picture is way too small 25 can hardly see anything out of these much smaller than it looked in the picture .
 Got this product from Walmart . I was looking for something cheap , but the $ 9.00 binoculars were out of stock , so I picked this Tasco product . I was in a hurry , as we were heading to Monster Jam , so I opened it in the car while waiting for everyone to pile in the car . When I pulled them out of the pastic packaging the whole eye piece came off.At first I was shocked , but since I was in a hurry , and it looked like something I could fix , I got a mini screw driver.This is what I found :1 -RRB- the eye piece has threads on the outside of the inner section , and the body of the binoculars has threads on the inside ... the eye piece was never screwed in , just a set screw was tightened down , but the set screw was probably not even far enough down to tighten onto the body.When I put the optics back in , I had the same problem as another reviewer , I could n't get one image , and ended up looking in only one eye piece while I was using.Not real good quality control , Tasco ... not impressed . Of course I am taking them back .
 Maybe I got a lemon ... looking through the binoculars , you get a double image ; like the left eye monocular was not pointing in the same direction as the right eye monocular . No amount of adjusting both lens 's or the right monocular would fix this . Into the trash these go ... gon na have to dig deeper in the wallet to get a pair that works .
 This is a very nice watch that I 'm sure would be great to have . However , the picture is very misleading . When the watch arrived , it was almost unrecognizable from the picture . It was larger than I expected -LRB- the picture is about the size of the actual item , as it turns out -RRB- and the silver-gray color is more metallic than it seems in the picture . I purchased this as a gift for someone , but when it came in I could tell it was n't what he wanted . I gave it anyway with the option of returning it , which the recipient decided was the best thing to do . He went online later to find a replacement , and the link he sent me was this exact watch
 Here we go again . Gamo had the perfect chance to make the ultimate affordable pistol , and blew it . The accuracy of the 2 R-77 's I owned were awsome . The great power and awsome feel of this gun made it a winner at first . After about a week it vommited C02 cartrage after cartrage . `` No ! not my new revolver ! '' I thought to myself , so I sent it in and got a new one . Same story after 2 weeks . I wish it wasnt so , but its a paperweight in Combat clothing . I almost thought about keeping it because it was such a great looking gun , but if this happend twice in a row ... . Well , I guess its back to the store for my gun and back to the drawing board for GAMO . - Read my other reviews
 I purchased this rack from my local bike shop with the purchase of a new hybrid/comfort type bike . My intention was to use the rack to transport my gear in panniers or a rack bag to work ocassionally when the weather was good . While the rack appeared sturdy , unfortunately it did not hold up and broke at the bottom weld on one side where it attaches to the real brazeon near the rear axle , after about 1 month of use . The gear I transported were my work clothes and they certainly did not weigh even 15 lbs and the load was balanced evenly over the rack.The local bike shop did not offer any other suggestion other than to buy a new one . I paid $ 34.95 for this rack and was disappointed . I could not even contact the manufacturer to complain as the only information listed a distributer.While rack looks sturdy , it is apparently cheaply made as the weld broke within a short time of my use . I have since replaced this rack with a Topeak rack and have been much happier .
 I will never buy another Bushnell.Brand new 1 week old , it wouldnt adjust for windage.Sent it to Bushnell , they held it for 3 weeks.Finally they shipped it back to Texas , only problem is they didnt bother putting the information regarding building number and suite number , Now it cant be delivered , Bushnell has been non responsive , UPS will only take corrections from Bushnell.Apparently none of the info I sent them made it into the UPS instruction , no phone numbers , no building number , no suite number.If only I had it to do over again , it wouldnt be a BUSHNELL piece of crap .
 I HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT IT WAS SUPOUSED TO BE HERE WITHIN TWO DAYS , AFTER I CLICKED PLACE ORDER IT SAYS 5 DAYS ... 5 DAYS ?????????????????????????????? IM WAITING ... . WAN NA KNOW WHAT HAPPEN WITHIN THOS `` 2 '' , SORRY `` 5 '' DAYS !!!
 Completely useless product . Wobbles and there is no adjustment for the leg shape/size . Instead , buy velcro type ASO ankle stabilizer WITH stays .
 It seems no matter whnich phillies shirt I order , the sizes only mostly change the length , but they do n't get much bigger in the body .
 The clarity provided by the Bushnell Legend scope far exceeds that of the Cabela 's Pine Ridge that came with my Remington 700 . I also like the Mil-Dot reticle and looked forward to using it to establish distance without paying extra money for a rangefinder.When I first received the scope I attempted to bore sight by simply looking down the barrel at an object approx 100yds away and then adjusting the scope accordingly . What I found is that I could n't turn the windage dial far enough to zero in the scope . After fully mounting and taking the scope to the range , I discovered that it was n't just bad eyesight . After a full box of 30-06 I finally had the rifle hitting the paper but could n't turn the dial enough to zero in . Requested a replacement which arrived overnight -LRB- LOVE AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE ! -RRB- . Turns out the replacement has the exact same problem . I can only assume that Amazon has received a bad shipment of scopes as I have yet to find a negative review about the Bushnell Legend . I am returning this second scope and going to Cabela 's to take a look at the Bushnell scopes there . Hoping to have better luck with them .
 This scope felt nice and looked cool and everything , and IS VERY CLEAR when looking through it . . the buttons/dials were all nice , seemed like a good buy , however i experienced the same problem as other reviewers with something coming loose during firing . . returned for refund . . you may get a good one you may not . but with amazon 's easy returns you can take a chance on it . Its such a nice scope , but not shock proof ? thanks amazon . .
 The scope was defective . It would not hold zero . You could not target it in .
 Wasted lots of ammo/money trying to figure out why my shots were all over the place.Really liked the scope and wanted it to be something else .
 Going through Amazon as usual is a pleasure . Your service is the best . The scope I 'm not pleased with . When you look through it the pitcher is large , bright and crisp until you move your sight plane up down or to the side , then the outside third of the pitcher gets distorted . should of went with my second choice - Redfield 2 x 7 x32 .
 Purchased this scope over a similar Leupold because of its compact size and full field of view . It 's clear , bright , and a pleasure to look through , but after sighting in and firing around 100 rounds in a medium caliber , the eyepiece became loose , adversely affecting zero . On examination , four tiny set screws had worked loose , allowing the eyepiece to begin unscrewing itself . As for the attachment of eyepiece to tube , the tolerances were extremely loose . The only thing holding the whole assembly stable were these roughly 1mm diameter micro-screws -LRB- think eyeglass hinge screws -RRB- . After retightening and locktighting , the scope survived another 300 rounds , only to shake loose again on the final practice outing prior to deer season . Contact with Bushnell customer service yielded a form email response saying `` fill in this form and send us the scope for evaluation . '' Since this would be at my expense , and I questioned the durability of the design on a recoiling firearm , I opted to just retighten the set screws and put the scope on a rim-fire . I replaced it on my deer rifle with a Leupold 1-4x shotgun scope , and my group sizes dropped by half . It 's worth noting that Bushnell does n't advertise this scope as `` shock proof . '' While it may handle moderate shooting , I would n't expect it to handle high round counts in recoiling calibers . It does make a fine rimfire scope , and it is holding zero just fine on my .22 . While I do n't regret owning it , I do wish Bushnell had gone a step further and made it sturdier .
 I bought this for my 44 mag . Super Blackhawk and was really disappointed . First the split rings are cheap , hard to mount properly , and unless loc-tited will not stay snug . The scope itself seems fairly sturdy , a little heavier than I had hoped but not unreasonably so . It is lighter than my 2x Burris scope for the same gun . After mounting and bore sighting , worked to get it sighted in . Groups started off good but then started widening with shots erratically printing all over . Had two other shooters check to make sure I was n't the problem . After 50 rounds many of the shots would n't land on the target at 35 yds . Re-mounted to a 22 Long bolt action with the exact same results -LRB- this rifle usually puts 5 shots in a inch or less of the bench at 50 yds . -RRB- I 've usually had good luck with Bushnell but this one does n't seem built to handle heavy recoil and there are lighter options for a lower recoiling pistol .
 unusable , better off with iron sightsi got this scope to replace my 15 year old tasco red dot on a .22 caliber hand gun , thinking it should have new technology and improvementsnot so , switch does not function properly and has to be moved back and forth to make a good contact and to remain onpower setting markings on the dial are not aligned correctly and off setting is somewhere at the number four mark ???? - could not adjust itred dot is not a `` dot '' but a blurry star like apparition that is spread out in all directions on the internal prism , making aiming impossible even at lower power settingsanyhow , i do not know if these scopes are all this bad or just the one i had , but i will not buy another bushnell productreturned for refund
 I bought the Bushnell Tropy 1x28 from Amazon but had to return it . The reticle -LRB- s -RRB- were blurry . I tried every reticle , every brightness setting . . sort of like double vision . I can not imagine how you could use it for aiming . Anyhow , returned it , got a replacement and found it was the same thing so that is going back as well .
 i dont see any advantage with this scope useless , will be sending it back.i buy alot of stuff off amazon.com . lets see how easy crap is to return . ed walsh
 New Bushnell 4200 would not respond to azimuth adjustments.Scope has been returned to Bushnell.The clarity and brightnessof this product are excellant , however , I would expect a scopein this price range to be flawless .
 My scope does n't hold zero . My gunsmith tried it in different rifles . Now , it is in the trash can . Do n't spend your money . I think my scope was refurbished .
 I have two of the older Bushnell Banner Dusk & Dawn 3-9x40 Riflescopes , they feel and work Prefect , a lot better then the Bushnell Banner Dusk & Dawn 6-18x50 Riflescope I had received . I had Found it to feel Cheep , the adjustment rings on both ends felt like metal to metal , the cross hairs did not look right for a Long range scope for high magnification . I sent it Back , Very Disappointed with the scope , I felt it was over advertized . Not that Bushnell is a Bad Brand , But , the Scope I had received was not worth what I paid . I could have tried another one , but , then I would have had to wait for it to be returned and reshipped . no I just chose to return it . . Thank you Anyhow Bushnell !!
 I had a terrible experience with this scope and with Bushnell in general . Even though it plainly states on the Bushnell website that they will stand behind their product with a warranty , do not believe them ! They will just tell you the scope was not defective and that you damaged it . I used this scope on one hunting trip and the magnification adjustment stopped working . I sent it back to them and all they gave me was a chance to buy another scope for a $ 10 reduction in price . Also , this process took about 3 months ! Terrible product , Terrible company . Save your money and buy a decent brand !
 The product does n't fit our bike but from looking at it and seeing how it attaches I do n't believe I would have ever felt comfortable walking my Huskies with it . They are strong pullers and it just does n't seem like the bike would survive it or for that matter me . Ended up buying a Walkie Dog - amazing little product .
 The Pyramid Bicycle Dog Leash is attractive to the eye , BUT , many bicycles today are very light . I have a carbon fiber bicycle and the Pyramid Bicycle Dog Leash is made of a very HEAVY material . Using this leash is completely contrary to the whole idea of having a light weight riding situation and walking/running your dog alongside your bicycle . I am mystified that the manufacturers would use such a heavy metal when making this leash . Of course I know the answer . It is much CHEAPER to make the leash out of CHEAP heavy metal than to use a more EXPENSIVE light weight metal . I can not recommend this leash to anyone . It must be re-manufactured to a much lighter weight . I view this as a wasted purchase . I do not use the leash due to it 's excessive weight .
 Having worked at a bike shop for nearly a decade , I must admit I 've seen some horribly flawed ideas . This one is a potential Darwin award winner . I recently had a customer ask me to order these for her and her husband to walk Huskies . Maybe I 'm not much of an optimist when it comes to stupid ideas , but really ? What makes you think that attaching a potentially powerful animal to a bicycle is a good idea ? What happens if the dog decides to go in a different direction , perhaps violently ? More than likely , you end up on your face . Secondly , what happens to the poor animal that 's attached to a bike when the rider crashes ? I assume it tumbles along for the ride . -LRB- I know there 's a leash , but I 'm assuming a loss of control accident , the most common variety -RRB- I 've seen much smaller things cause epic failure to cyclists . This device is just asking for trouble . It may work well for small to medium sized dogs that can be forced to travel in the bicyclists preferred direction , but please , use some common sense when employing this very flawed concept .
 I love and hate this product . Have used it to take my Rhodesian ridgeback on a 20 mile bike ride down the street through the city of Dallas . Works great . However if you take this down a paved path where there are squirrels or critters , you are doomed . The design allows the dog to run behind the bike and if he wants to run on the right side the length of the attachment allows it . If you dog is a puller , he can tweek the bracket around so that it can bend the wheel frame . If you can keep your dog on the left side it works awesome .
 This is a bad idea . Dog almost choked/broke neck after big fell over while riding . I know now dogs should always be on a secure harness and not tethered by the neck while attached to a bike , skates or even a seat-belt in the back of a car .
 I liked the product and it seems just as good as more expensive ones . I used it with my older dog with no problems . I put a younger dog on it . We live in the country and he pulled me down the road about 20 mph . We stopped because a car was comming up behind us . After the car passed we I was walking the bike into a turn . The dog got anxious and was jerking as I was turning . He pulled the pyramid out of the bike . He stopped when I called him so no harm there . They pyramid was not harmed . My bike got bent up real bad where the pyramid fit and the gear guide . It was a 10 speed . I through the bike away . It would have cost more to fix than replace .
 This thing is long and bulky . I bought this and walkydog at same time and this is rotting in the garage . Will pawn off to someone as christmas gift work party .
 This device arrived without any instructions for attaching it to the bike . From the picture , it looks like the fork should slip over the outer part of the axle , but I have a mountain bike with quick-release wheels and the fork does n't fit over the axle or any part of the frame . Also , when the dog pulled to the side , the velcro would detach . We finally rigged this up by hooking the fork over the back rack , attaching the velcro , and then securing the device in place with gorilla duct tape . I 've seen a similar device called a `` dog walkie '' on Amazon that looks like a much more stable attachment to the seat post .
 For performance , this dog leash gets a good grade . What makes me nervous about it and it 's sellers is that on the product tag it 's a WARNING not mentioned in the product review
 Do n't buy this junk it is n't what you want . Very disapointed n I bought two . Does n't fit the bikes even with retro fitting , it only damaged the breaks .
 My Husband bought this watch and when we got it , it looks like a little kids watch . It said men 's and it appeared to be a bigger watch than what it really is . We were very disappointed .
 The recoil from my AR 15 destroyed the inner workings of this scope after 30 rounds . I later got a tasco super snipe and still using it 2000 rounds later
 Owned this scope for 2 seasons . Mounted on my RRA AR15 . I was initially please with this scope . Made in Korea , zoomed smoothly , versatile , stayed tight on the mounts and consistently accurate . After putting about 500rds through it I was amazed that the crosshairs fell apart . That 's right . The crosshairs literally fell apart . The lens were fine , scope was never dropped or abused . Looking through the lens the crosshairs simply scattered . Weird . I liked the scope I paid $ 79.99 retail , and it appeared to be top quality . It held up well . I guess too many rounds went through it . Pretty disastrous failure if your ' e hunting for food . Maybe pay more and get something rated for more use .
 A PLAY ON WORDS!I bought the lights thinking I was going to mount them flush to my boat trailer frame . When they arrived , I was elated with the chrome and workmanship of the lights . Much to my surprise however , was an accompanying cord , with plug , to be inserted into the back of the lights . After plugging it in to mount on the frame , two things became apparant . 1 . The lights would not fit flush because the plug protrudes from the back of it keeping it about a half inch away from the frame . 2 . The plug , after being inserted , has an exposed portion of metal that will be eaten up by the saltwater , it will be immersed in at launching . I wish I had more information about the lights before purchasing them . In sum , While anything can be submersible , everything ca n't be waterproof ... ~
 I bought 2 of these scopes to use with my Ruger 10/22 . I ca n't find anything good to say about this product . I bought them a couple of months ago , took them out to test and sight , that 's when I found the problems . Too late to return .1 . On one of the scope the elevation simply does n't work .2 . Tension on the magnification is extremely high . Way , way too high for quick adjustments .3 . No mounting rings included .4 . Warranty sucks ... see other user 's review.Worse piece of crap $ 80 can buy .
 Second time I used this scope the magnification adjustment ring would not move . Sent scope to Bushnell for warranty repair and was told that I could buy a replacement for $ 60 . I was told that the scope had a bent tube and that I must have done it . Be careful , this scope is so fragile that it can be bent inside your padded rifle bag going to and from your car . I have since purchased a Leopuld scope and it is a much nicer product . Bushnell does not back up their products and will use any excuse to get out of a repair . Buyer Beware , do n't waste your money with Bushnell . Buying the Bushnell Banner Dusk & Dawn 1-4x 32mm Riflescope is a terrible product.In addition to not honoring their warranty , Bushnell sent the broken scope back to me and charged me $ 10 to do so . This is after I was asked if I would like them to send the scope back and I had told them `` no , I do not want to pay for return shipping so that I can throw the scope in the garbage '' . They sent it back , they cashed my $ 10 check to do so , and I threw it in the garbage . Spend your money on anything but a Bushnell scope , they literally sell you trash .
 Yes ! I pacificly ordered a Bushnell Trophy 2-6x32 Handgun Riflescope -LRB- silver -RRB- from optic sales through amazon . Much to my dismay I recieved the black one . What the uck kind of buisness you all running ?
 There are better scopes out there for the money and I think the Tasco World Class series are one of Tasco 's best if your going to go with Tasco . What I disliked about this scope was it started getting noticeably dark around 10 power . It never seemed clear either . Also the eye piece focus adjustment was stupid to say the least . Seemed like I turned the adjustment ring around and around and never could decide which position had the best focus for my eyes . Then once you find the best focus you have to tighten up the lock ring to hold it there . What a dumb idea ! The Nikon Prostaff series scopes which have a simular adjustment are easy to find the precise focus without the miserable locking nut . Do n't waste your time with this scope . The crosshairs on this scope seemed larger than than they need to be.If you think you need to have 24 power , then move up to the Bushnell Elite series or equvalent at around $ 700 + . Good optics are are so important and most people elect to go cheap on scopes and rings after putting a lot of money out for a quality rifle . For shooting 50-200 yards , consider a Nikon Prostaff Target EFR 3-9x40 AO Matte Precision Reticle , at twice the price of the Tasco and be happy once and for all .
 I have had my scope on my 308 for 2 years now . The recoil from the rifle has turn the crosshairs 15 degrees clockwise . I would not recommend this scope for large caliber rifles .
 I just purchased this TG624X44DS scope . In the description it says that : `` High power scope that 's ideal for target shooters and varminters . 1/8 M.O.A. Dot reticle and matte finish . `` It says that it has a `` DOT reticle '' , that is Mil-Dot Reticle . I opened the package , and it absolutely DOES NOT HAVE A DOT RETICLE , it has a standard DUPLEX reticle.What is this about ? that is bait and switch . Most new `` tactical '' scopes have a Mil-DOT reticle , and even though this scope does not have a DOT reticle , it advertize it as having it .
 i have this gun 4 my 2 genesis 2 's -LRB- im getting a new gun -RRB- and this does alright 4 them since there not really fast , but if u have an electro hopper or an aotococker , get a halo b hopper so the balls load into the gun fast enough , with my guns right now i get the triggermoving so fast i end up chopping a ball or jamming my gun .
 horrible , they ripped the first time i tried them in practice and they come undone easily.do not buy
 I have used several different scopes over my many years of hunting and shooting . I have other Tasco scopes and are somewhat pleased with them . However , this scope IS NOT the of quolity I expected . The adjustment towers are not centered or straight in the housing and they are NOT crisp . I didnt expect the optics to be crystal clear at 40 power , but it is well below what I feel is good . I would reccomend to buy a different brand in the same power settings even if they cost more .
 The worst riflescope I ever had , definitely quality has a Price and this is a cheap one . You can have a relative good view among 10x to 18x ; with more zoom the image looks cloudy and if the scope is not perfectly aligned you ca n't see more than a cloudy light
 wrong reticle moa dot USUALLY consists of more than ONE DOT most people like moa dots better than mil dots for the simplicity the product description is not as descriptive as should be
 If you are buying it for looks than go for it , for function you will end up very disappointed it starts to fail on the rings and the eye relief is crap ... I ended up putting a 308 bullet through mine after i got a CenterPoint replacement scope 1-16x from walmart for $ 60 , & have never had any issues . P.S The 308 Bullet @ full load FMJ @ 40 yards went through the entire scope with a full load with a muzzle of 3100fps 155 grain went through this scope despite what myth-busters have showed on their show a full load will go right through a full sized scope
 For those of you who do n't know this , a high power spring piston air rifle generates much more destructive recoil than a powder powered bullet . The spring 's back and forth recoil destroys all but the best built scopes . My RWS 52 model had this scope on it for a couple of years , and about 1000 pellets , before it destroyed the scope , by which I mean it literally shook the rear lens out of the scope . I have never really been happy with the scope so I am not too sad to see it go . It never really focused well and although it was functional , it never really compared with comparably priced scopes made by Leapers . Just thought that you ought to know that you should keep it on a light recoil gun if you buy it all .
 The sign I ordered does not look like the sign I received . The sign is also a weak plastic . This will be a Christmas gift and I hope the recipient likes it .
 I am pretty happy with this purchase as it was not very expensive . It feels as though it is made of cardboard though instead of a more plastic-like material that would likely hold up in the cold wisconsin weather I want to use it outdoors in . They 're being given as a gift so it has n't been outdoors yet to review how it held up but I have doubts that it will
 Gave this to my husband as a Christmas gife in 2005 . Since the beginning it enexpectadly re-sets all settings back to default of noon on Jan 01 . This happens every 2-3 days even with fresh batteries . Compass then needs to be calibrated as well as any alarms need to be re-keyed . Waiting to hear from vendor on replacement .
 I would not recommend this product . It maybe cheap however , you will be happier spending some more money and getting a more compact scope . This is a good telescope for putting out on your deck . It 's way too big and clumsy for range useage .
 ITS VERY DIFFICULT TO HOLD A SMALL SCOPE STEADY ENOUGH TO GET A USEFUL READING . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TYPE OF RANGE FINDER SYSTEM .
 It works but its very shaky and subconciously I never reach for it . Also the shakiness tends to give you erroneous readings and you are probably better off visually estimating . But it works if you are very very , I mean very steady ; which ai n't gon na happen in the middle of the game .
 I had lost my old Bushnell and tried to replace with smaller rangefinder . Not what I needed and really not real good for golf course distances . Would not recommend for average golfer .
 Do n't waste your money . I thought at best this gadget might give me an estimated yardage and at worst would not give any reliable data . The result was the latter.The range is based on the green flag pole being a standard height for all greens and courses . This does not appear to be the case . In order to get a reading you must be dead because it is so sensitive to movement.The optics are clear and bright . I left it in a golf cart after a round and it was not turned in . I thought so little of it that I figured anyone who keeps it , deserves it .
 Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money on a gps or laser rangefinder . This product does not work well .
 When purchasing this rangefinder there was no mention of how it works . First , you can only play on courses that use one foot marked flags . This is because you have to sight in on the green and then count the number of marks up on the flag . Then multiple that by three and then divide by eight to come up with the range.On the plus side it is still a pretty good scope for checking out the flora and fauna .
 The Bushnell is simply a compact 5x magnifier for the golf course . It is not a rangefinder in any real sense .
 I bought this cause someone said it was good for hunting , its shortest distance is 50 yards , which is not a good bow shot . you need to have it on a flat ground to work , I dont golf so im not sure if it would work that good for that ...
 Said you could range within 20 yards . This is not true . Disappointed with product and see no use item so I am throwing it away . Waste of money !!!
 It is very bad product . There are no user 's manual and it could not help me to measure the distance . I had to throw it through the window . I was stupid when I chose this one . This system had problem , it requires me to rate when I split this product away , amazon is stupid .
 This thing sucks . Never will I touch this device again in my life or else I will kill myself on the golf course and hit myself with a club . Its not a `` rangefinder '' but its actually a `` deathfinder '' , the first time I used , I literally chucked it into the lake and never looked back !!
 I really wanted to like this golf gadget . However , it is almost impossible to hold the rangefinder still enough to accurately see the distance readings . When I did make extensive effort to hold it motionless , the readings still were not accurate when compared to the distances noted on the course .
 I am 50 and have trouble keeping it stable . The combination of large magnification , small weight and tiny dimensions make it hard to hold in a steady position that allows accurate readings .
 product not as accurate as I expcted ... takes time to locate target and then have to do a fair amount of estimating of the distance ... for the money still better than totally gussesing the distance
 This lasted for about 3 times of wearing it . then it started pulling the material apart . Waste of money .
 i ordered this item , and reding the other review i expected good results however i havent seen any results at all . i have to say theres just no subistute for old fashioned exercise .
 I ordered 2 of these calls and would love to send them both back . I am an avid crow hunter and I am really disappointed in this purchase . The call sounds like a cheap kazoo and actually scares crows away . I have tried this product for approx 1 week and it 's not worth the money . If you want a good quality call that sounds like a crow , then purchase another brand . Spend the extra money for a quality call and avoid being disappointed like me . This one is rated 2 stars from a credible crow hunter .
 This is not a good goggle for those who swim laps ... It is a good recreational goggle though ...
 Cheap price , cheap scope . Would probably be ok for a pellet gun or standard 22 rifle.Would not recommend this scope .
 I put this on a 10/22 , shot it a few times to adjust , and the reticle shifted 45 degrees on the scope . If i return it to tasco they want $ 10 for postage and handling plus they are willing to refurbish it for a `` reasonable cost '' whatever that means , plus it 'll cost me to send it to them . My mistake was that i did n't fire it quick enough and my return time to amazon expired . I bought this in August 2012 .
 I believe that anyone writing a positive review about this scope ran out and bought it and wrote their review after shooting it once . I went through 3 of these in 2 months attached to my .22 . I handled my gun with care , and the scope was never dropped . With the first two , the crosshair became completely detached and began to spin freely within a few weeks . The crosshair on my most recent replacement also shifted slightly , but I was too lazy to return it once again since i still beleived it was accurate on my .22 . I recently switched it over to my .308 , and can honestly say it is nowhere near being accurate . With any other scope my .308 shoots perfectly straight , but with this scope every shot ends up somewhere different than the last . I would not recommend this scope to anyone .
 This scope has good optics , but the focus and POI change as you vary the power .
 Very nice watch , silver-white dial . I wear it one day , the next day it stopped and never started again . Take it for repair and the jeweler told me that it has a gear broken , and it is chinese made , no spare parts ... needs to change the movement or throw it out.Bad luck with this watch ? I do n't know , no more stuhrling watches for me .
 I bought this watch because most of the reviews seemed like this would be a good buy -- a $ 600 watch for $ 100 ! What a deal ! My husband lost his Fossil watch that he loved , and this seemed like a comparable product . Fossil is a much better watch than this.HOWEVER , I was disgusted when I gave it to my husband as a surprise . The outer metal decorative faceplate was installed incorrectly . In the picture , the dot is over the 12 of the watch face ; on our watch , it was over the 10 ! So good luck using that in the dark . I would expect that lack of quality from a $ 20 watch , not an originally-priced $ 600 watch or even a $ 100 watch . Those details matter ! Also , my husband could n't set the time . That little pull out piece would not budge , not even with tools . This screams poorly made.I am disgusted and disappointed with the quality of this product . Thank goodness it comes with free returns ! Do n't waste your time on this watch Spend your money on a product that will last .
 I have to say that the product is functional , but the material used for the brackets is so weak that it bends as you try to fasten it to the table . The net is fine .
 I have several different `` weight '' of the `` Darn Tough '' brand socks , and NONE of them are as fragile and thin as these smart wool socks . They do not cling onto you very snug , yet the foot size seems a bit small . The product is very thin and I had wool felt coming off on the heel after walking about half a mile in some good broken in boots . These are a loose , sloppy sock . I will be sticking with Darn Tough socks , they are WAY worth the 2 extra dollars per pair .
 I do n't know about flies , but I have a huge mosquito problem and this stuff might as well be water for all the good is does my horses . Just sprayed them down with it tonight and watched the mosquitoes start landing on them not even 30 seconds later . That never happened with the Pyranha Spray I used previously . Switching back immediately .
 The filter is advertised as a universal inline filter . But the package stated it is for marine -LRB- outboard motors only -RRB- ? Went to the local auto parts and found a Moeller filter with molded intake and filtered output nipple.Which works fine for my application -LRB- antique car -RRB- . It was disappointing but not earth shattering to receive aproduct from on line which was advertised wrongly .
 The whole point of getting a good pair of goggles is so they are comfortable , do n't fog up , and do n't leak . Any pair of goggles with some or none of these pros just do n't cut it.These goggles are very comfortable and fit great , they also never leak , BUT they fog up ! I went to a regular indoor , inground swimming pool for my swim team practice , and in less than 20 minutes , they started to fog , and after that , I could barley see anything . Then I had to switch to SENGAR , another pair of speedo goggles that I are better.I was much ticked off because , these goggles are very very very comfortable !! And they look great ! But they fog up ... I suggest SENGAR * They may be a bit tight on your face , but they are better .
 I have been a swimmer for many years . These goggles arrived and were comfortable enough , but you can not see underwater in them ! They are blurry and completely unclear . Swimming one lap gave me a headache ! I felt like I was swimming with a pair of prescription glasses on ... SOMEONE ELSE 's prescription . DO NOT BUY THESE
 I have been very happy swimming with the original Speedo Baja goggles for many years and would give them a 4-5 star rating for fit , comfort and vision with the large curved lenses.This new model is smaller and more like the Baja Junior goggle and does not fit as well as the original.The only good feature is the strap adjuster which is easier than the original , but when the strap length is adjustedcorrectly you rarely need to re-adjust it.When I discovered this I went to local sports stores and purchased as many of the old style I could find !
 I am on my fourth or so pair of Speedo Baja goggles . The first few pairs were wonderful . They were wide enough to fit my big head , they were amazingly comfortable , and provided a clear view underwater . However , at some point in the last year , Speedo reengineered the Baja goggle , and so when I replaced my goggles with a new identical -LRB- but new -RRB- pair again recently , I expected another great goggle . I got something that 's not that.First , the entire product is a shade smaller than it used to be . The eye pieces are noticeably smaller than before . Additionally , while the goggles were originally clear all over , there are now gray panels on each side of the goggle . Lastly , and most importantly , the goggles do not provide clear vision underwater . I tried two of the new version , thinking that it was just a manufacturing defect on the one pair , but the second pair did it , too . I can see well enough out of the water , but , as another reviewer said , it looks like you 're looking through someone else 's prescription glasses when going swimming . This is not a good thing , since I ca n't even read my watch held right in front of my face . For that , I might as well skip the goggles entirely and go without.My recommendation is that Speedo get rid of this reengineered version of the Baja , and reinstate the old design , because that was a solid goggle . This new version , not so much . The Amazon image , by the way , shows the old version of the product - not the reengineered version of the product .
 The new Baja googles do NOT fit like the old ones -LRB- which are no longer available -RRB- . These hurt my eye sockets and nose . I tried the new pair several times and each time could not wait to take them off . Speedo , bring back the old design !
 This product sucks the big one ! Whatever chink who made the decision to change the style really blew it . The old ones were the best Jerry , the best .
 The goggles are fairly comfortable and large , in fact a bit large for me which was a bit of a surprise but they do seal up fairly well . My complaint with these , and the reason for the two rating is thus .1 . They fog up almost as quickly as my old Speedo goggles -LRB- several years old -RRB- which is after about one lap of the pool . Of course I do swim in cool water , that may render a different result than using them in the tropics .2 . For whatever reason , these goggles distort my underwater view . Could it be the tinting ? I do n't know , but what I do know , is that my old goggles are clear and even though scratched up , they still provide a clear view.For what it 's worth , I would not purchase these again .
 The old Baja style had large curved lenses and soft comfortable padding . The new style is smaller in all dimensions , and does seem to leak more -- for me at least . Of course leaking is almost always about the shape of your eyes vs the shape of the goggles , so I would just say that the goggles do n't fit * me * as well as they used to.But that begs the question
 The illustration shows the original Baja googles and they were great - very comfortable , great seal , etc.The new googles are absolute junk.o The eye-pieces are MUCH smaller , they really do not even deserve to be called `` over-sized '' . o They leako They simply feel cheap.It is clear that Speedo `` redesigned '' the googles to cut costs , not to make them better .
 Got this paddle because i love halex and i wanted a orange and black paddle . i got the paddle but it was blue and green . looks completely retarded . still a good paddle though . i wish amazon would have provided a color selector
 Package came with no receipt and item was opened but not the envelope . Bu neither , guys came to talk to him
 you do not receive the item in the picture . you will receive a different one with a blue and orange hollow handle . not as good racket . i am very upset . FALSE ADVERTISING !!!!
 Overall , I was dissatisfied . Shirt was thin . Decal was small and not centered properly . Amazon gave me no trouble with the return .
 Pre-shrunk my * ss !! I washed these in cold , air dried and they shrunk almost 4 '' in length!Bella is a great brand and I love heir yoga pants , but these were a huge disappointment!However , if you are short -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- then you may not mind the shrinkage in the length
 I ordered two sizes larger than I thought I 'd need . I wanted them to be REALLY long and I figured that with the drawstring I 'd be able to tighten them down to a small . They were perfect UNTIL I washed them . They shrunk 2 + inches in the wash alone . I did n't even dry them . In addition the description says that they are fleece but I do n't think that they are . When something is listed as fleece you tend to expect a fuzzy or thicker material and I think these are just cotton pants .
 The pants felt more like rough , cheap cotton or canvas ! They also shrunk a ton in the wash -LRB- I usually wear a small and the medium was too short after washing -RRB- . I donated these immediately .
 These sweats were comfortable at first for the beginning of my pregnancy , but now they over stretch after one use they fall of me . Have to constantly wash to rewear them .
 I purchased this goggles for my 5 years old son . He found them not comfortable . The rubber around the eyes is not wide enough and it is almost impossible to adjust it .
 I ordered these for myslef , because adult size is too big . The eye pieces on these fit ok , but the straps have barely enough play . Also they fog up miserably , from the very first use . I did like that they csame in clear however . And the price is good .
 Package came with no receipt and item was opened but not the envelope . Bu neither , guys came to talk to him
 I purchased these matches to take on a hunting trip . I sealed the boxes in a heavy duty Ziploc freezer bag in my backpack . I live in southeast Alaska . The humidity is very high and we get a lot of rain . By day 2 on the trip the match heads as well as the boxes were too damp to light . The match heads just fell apart . -LRB- They were never submerged in water nor were they ever left out in the rain . They were only used inside an outdoor cook tent that was covered with a heavy tarp . -RRB- Very disappointing ! Since these are also the matches I carried in my survival kit it could have been a disaster . I will replace them !!
 I have to agree with the other reviewers . These matches are of very poor quality . Right out of the box , they seem a bit difficult to light . I took a few out and dipped them in water , waited for them to try and tried to strike them . They did n't light , I just rubbed the red material off the end of the matchstick . Others I left in some water overnight , the red striker material was actually dissolving into the water . I would n't really even call these water resistant , do n't spend your money . You are better off buying regular matches and a waterproof container for them .
 These maybe waterproof , i have n't tested that yet and they do light but they are the biggest pain in t he rear . if you try and strike them , even gently , they usually break in half . It may take a few strikes to light them and then they have so small a match head they they go out very quickly after lighting unless holding them at an extreme downward angle . This was all tested inside with no breeze or harsh conditions . I gave them to my roommates -LRB- all campers like me -RRB- to try and we all found the same thing
 READ PREVIOUS REVIEWS!Pros : Uhh , they look like matches?Cons : Box and the Striker on the box is not water proof -LRB- can not light matches if the striker gets even moist -RRB- Matches are NOT water proofMatches Snap in half upon attempting to lightSolutions ; DONT EXPOSE TO humidity or water -LRB- NOT WATER PROOF ! -RRB- When attempting to light , Hold your fingers at the base of the red phosphorus stuff . `` try not to burn your self ... `` Just Thros these POS away and go buy a box something eles ... any thing is better then these .
 Garbage . Do n't waste your money . Took a pack on a weekend backpacking trip , worked fine ... until it rained ! Once the striker is wet they 're useless . They are also brittle and have a tendency to break in half when striking . I ca n't believe I paid for these .
 The handle leaked gas each time we tried to us it . Got another one and the Handel did the same thing .
 I purchased a Moeller DuraMax Flo n'go December 5 , 2009 as a Christmas gift for my son . We attempted to used it our lake house to gas boats for the first time this past weekend . I assumed a few squeezes on the hand pump would act to prime the gas and it would flow by siphon until the boat tank was filled . After continuosly pumping for ten minutes or longer without any flo n'go , the pump began to leak gas into the water . The only way to empty to DuraMax was continously squeeze the pump or to raise the heavy DuraMax above the tank on the boat . Is this necessary or do we have a faulty pump ?
 There is are 2 eyelet valve on both the hose and the container -LRB- at thebottom -RRB- . The small black handle on the valve for the container isbecoming loose and also very hard to move from the close to openposition . It feels like this will break off with additional normal use -LRB- open and close -RRB- . . I noticed that the valve was hard to move positions , when we first bought it and well as when the container is on its back , with no pressure on the value .
 Not worth the money . Very cheap pump handle and the hose is a very cheap grade of rubber -LRB- collapses on itself -RRB- .
 the hose would get stuck in the gas tank of the car the gas would not flow from the tank to my gas tank of the car , it leaks and heavy the wheels will not turn when full you have to drag it I will never buy any thing like this again . it was a good idea when we had sandy and short of gas on long island . but it made it a hasel to get gas .
 I think its really cheap , I would have put the money towards a more sturdy model . After all is holding gasoline .
 You need to either lift this item , w/14 gallons of gas in it , onto a platform or tailgate as seen in one of the descriptive pictures , to get any gas out of it . I would not buy this rolling gas again unless it came with a hand cranked pump . Ha . . that or buy/build a platform to position this item to work using gravity . Would not buy it w/o a decent pump ... one that easily attaches to this plastic gas can .
 Bought the tank and it worked great the first year . This year the hose was so stiff I could hardly get it to work . Then it kinked . Obviously a reaction with the gasoline . Now the nozzel has broken off and so there is no way to pump or use it , unless you are willing to pick up a 14 gallon container -LRB- 105 pounds -RRB- so you can siphon into your tank . And with no nozzel , you better be fast at turning off the valve that is sandwiched so close to the tank you need the fingers of a five year old to reach in to use it.Oh , and when you contact the company their reply was your tank is two years old , so , too bad , and then they also asked me to send them pictures because they did n't believe I had their DuraMax tank.Buyer beware is all I can say , from a disappointed user .
 My Children purchased this for Fathers day so I could put gasoline into the boat . It will not move but a trickle of gas . I tried to sit up above the boat but would not go above a trickle . I could not get the 10 gallons of gas out in over 30 minutes and finally gave up.I wanted to return but the warranty policy is not listed on Amazon.I think there is a problem with the handle and flow .
 What a piece of **** . I 'm still using this stupid thing for the 3rd year now . I will NOT buy another one of the terrible siphon hose thing . What I 'm going to do is get a real hose and attach it to it . Not the flimsy thin it comes with . As others have stated , you can not lock it in place , so you have to hold the handle and wait up to 30 minutes for the stupid thing to empty . It gets worse as the hose gets more kinked . Then , the plastic siphon thing leaks and gets gas in the water -LRB- I use for boating -RRB- and all over the boat and my hands . I 'm writing this review as I wanted to go to the company website to see if they had a better hose for this thing . Nope . Have to buy the cheap siphon and hose for like $ 50 . Do n't waste your money . I think getting two 6-gallon cans as someone else suggested is a better idea .
 I have been using Amazon for years and always had great luck until now . This item just does n't work-no matter what age . I have tried and tried but only get a drop . My handy son in law tried-nothing . My two sons tried-they failed . Amazon should be ashamed to even carry this product . This is nothing but junk !!!!
 It holds alot of gas but the pump is crap . it flows ok for a bit but then you nearly have to lift the thing higher to keep it flowing , and it 's pretty heavy and defeats the purpose of having the pump ... not worth the price .
 As many have mentioned , this thing is poorly engineered . I could n't get the pump holder handle on as the screw embedded into the body was loose . Took 30 minutes to rectify that problem . And it is cheaply made . Plus , I love Amazon.com but their price is just stupid . Costco had this thing for $ 90 .
 The first can started leaking from the handle upon first use , Amazon immediately sent a replacement and I did n't use the hand pump feature on the second can , just used gravity feed and that handle began leaking also . The plastic handle is not able to be taken apart so I do n't know where the leak was exactly coming from . I bought this to avoid leaking gas onto my snowmobiles , atvs and motorcycle but i 'm going back to using the regular cans . The customer service from Amazon was fantastic but Moeller 's product needs some help .
 I purchased this fuel container approximately 9 months ago . It looked like a great product.Unfortunately this has been one of the most disappointing products I have used . * First is was a broken plastic hose clamp around the pump side . I fixed it with a metal one . * Fuel filling is very slow * Fuel splashes out of the container you are filling . * You have to be so careful with the hose so it does not kink . * Now the wheels do not rollAs I said a very disappointing product .
 This is a big waste of money . This `` nozzle '' is a super cheap pump that leaks all over . We were able to use it as a storage tank by cutting the hose and using gravity to feed the gas into our tanks.Buying three 5-gallon plastic cans AND a good spout is probably what you want . It 's definitely what I want !
 I bought this 3 years ago and I am sorry I didnt review it immediately . First , the pump is usless except maybe for a 99 dollar push mower . That is unless you have all day and need the workout . You MUST be able to gravity feed . Second the hose kinks on the first time you hang it on the provided hanger and then the fuel will not flow even when straightened . Third the wheels -LRB- actually the Axle -RRB- buckles under the weight of 14 gallons of fuel rendering the wheels usless . Forth it still leaves at least a gallon in the can no matter what . Short of flipping it over and dumping it out the fill it simply can not find the hose outlet which is too high . I suppose the only positive thing I can say about this unit is it holds 14 gallons fuel , well really 13 gallons fresh fuel and 1 gallon of phase seperated ethanol crap cause that is where it will end up . I strongly recommend a much better unit or if cost is a concern as it is for me then find 3 5 gallon cans and forget this thing , It is JUNK .
 Where to begin ... . first of all this tank will never empty due to a poor design . There will always be 2 gal of gas remaining so it 's effectively a 12 gal tank.When full or the vapor pressure expands the tank , the wheels do not turn and become skids.The hose is not a stiff material and is very prone to kinks which may take some trial and error to actually get the gas to flow.The tank is fragile and when rolling close to the ground is likely to be punctured.You will almost certainly always spill the remaining gas left in the hose unless you remove it from the tank first and release the pressure to allow it to drain somewhere . -LRB- Any time you expected to save by having a larger tank is now gone -RRB- .
 I was really looking foward to getting this . Instead of carrying two 6 gallon cans I could roll one unit . After I got it I wish I did n't waste my money . There are two little valves -LRB- same as those little garden hose shut-offs -RRB- which are small and difficult to get to and I have smaller hands . Then the valve that is further in came loose . After several emails and phone calls they said I had to get a speacial screw driver to tighten the handle . The unit holds 14 gallons but you can only get TWELVE out !! There are 2 gallons that ca n't be emptied . So its very difficult to get the tank empty for the off season . VERY DIFFICULT . The hose for the dispenser is so thin and soft that it collapses very easily restricting the flow . Once the hose is kinked from normal storage the flow is very restricted . There is no way to lock the dispenser on -LRB- which I understand -RRB- which means you have to hold the handle the whole time . And the flow under ideal conditions if very slow . You will be holding that thing a long time . I used a wire tie to hold it open . My advise would be to buy two 6 gallon cans and one of those plastic siphons -LRB- less than $ 40.00 for all -RRB- you will be much happier .
 As the other reviewer pointed out this thing is n't what you want . I agree , you ca n't get all the gas out and it is very slow to drain . Using gravity it took me at least a half hour to drain the tank . The wheels stopped working after the first warm day that expanded the tank . It might be better if you some how made a new output hose for it , but then again are n't they spose to figure that out at the factory ...
 I have owned this product for a month . It is not worth a dime . It is cheaply made . The fuel handle leaks gas . You can not get the last 2 to 3 gallons out of it .
 I was thrilled when I got this tank . Filled it with gas and took it to the dock to fill my boat tanks . Worked good . Rolled it back to the shop and the screw at the bottom that holds the valve on was gone.Didnt have a screwdriver to get in there . Sent it back . got a refund . Ordered another one . This one had a tight screw on the lover valve . But guess what . I winterized it . Came out to the shop one day and the nozzle was broke off . Took it apart and looked at it . The nozzle was already cracked , as you could see where it had been leaking . Now I have to find a part . Havent found one on line yet but I will call the company and see if they will replace it . Ill give you an update later . Wouldnt buy another one . shouold have spent more and got a better one.Phil HooverManning , SC
 I have two of these 14 gallon containers that I bought about 3 years ago . I have n't used them for about 10 months when I filled them up to prepare for Hurricane Irene . Did n't use them so I went to dispense the gas for my boat . I opened the bottom valve and the gas started spewing out from the broken hose . I shut the valve quickly but a significant amount of fuel had spilled . I inspected the hose and noticed that the hose had split from the valve up about 3 inches . It appeared to split on a seam since the break was clean as if made by a razor blade . I cut about 1 foot off of the hose and reattached the hose onto the nipple using a clamp . When I inspected the hose the next day the new length of hose had split as well . I then checked the second tank . The hose had not split but when I tried to pump the gas fuel started spewing from the hand nozzle . I suspect that the hose on that unit split as well . I have contacted the Consumer Product Safety Commission about this very DANGEROUS hose disintegration . I would suggest that if you have one of these , DO NOT USE IT .
 Plastic tanks - MUST - , repeat - MUST - be GROUNDED -LRB- or set on the ground -RRB- when being filled . The flow of the fuel builds up a static charge in the plastic which can be disasterous when sparking off.A metalic ground strap , cable or wire should be attached so as to be able to properly ground when filling . Smaller 5-gallon plastic tanks generally have a label which pictorially warns of the danger of fueling in the truck bed.As this tank is very large , the tendency of the user will be to leave it in the truck bed -LRB- often of a plastic as well -RRB- when fueling.Aircraft have clip-on points for fueling due to this danger . This product without a ground capability is a disaster waiting to happen . It may be a good product otherwise , but I have no experience with it other than the previous safety comments.I very strongly suggest that existing tanks be attached with a hose clamp to a lead which has a strong clamp long enough to reach to the pump metal.The manufacturer should retrofit existing models and outfit new production with this safety requirement.I am surprised that UL has allowed this.Former Aircraft Fueler
 I 've had this tank since December in an attempt to try and take advantage of the grocery store fuel perks in my area . It has worked to help maximize the amount of gas I can get at each fill up -LRB- usually 30-35 gallons per fill -RRB- . That is about the only real positive thing I can say about this tank .1 . It is extremely cumbersome to move about . Half the time the wheels do n't even turn and even after I loosen them , they tend to tighten themselves back up over time .2 . The pouring valve/pump handle is biblically slow ! Forget about hand pumping . Not even a 14 year old boy with a subscription to Penthouse has the hand stamina to pump all the fuel out of this thing in one session -LRB- not that it 's even possible to get all of the fuel out with the pump -RRB- So gravity feed it is , once you get the tank in position to use the earths gravitational pull , it 's time to get out the sun dial and some Sta-bil . That 's right ! The fuel will most likely go bad before you can even get it out of the tank . This is with the vent full open on the fill cap too .3 . I hope you like gas on you hands/cloths/floor or everywhere else you do n't want or intend it to be . I 've used this tank about 10 times and tried many different methods and I can not fill anything without spilling at least a little bit somewhere . The ball valves are all very good , but the placement of the valves and the hand pump mechanism make it nearly impossible to not spill some gas when taking it apart to put away .4 . All of the previous things could maybe be overlooked if it was n't for the most glaring and horrible thing about this tank . YOU CA N'T GET ALL OF THE FUEL OUT OF IT ! Well , that 's actually a false statement . You can get the last 2 or so gallons out if you take off the fill cap and turn it upside-down over a bucket or something with a wide mouth . Then you 've got 2 gallons of gas in a bucket . There is absolutely no way with the included items to get that last 2 gallons out without using the bucket method.So , I learned the hard way . I did n't want to have to carry around three 5 gallon tanks so I bought this . Well , the jokes on me . The 3 jugs would have been cheaper , cleaner , easier to handle , and able to use all 15 gallons of their combined capacity .
 I should have listen to other reviews . You cant get the last gallon out without spilling it out on your self ! Flawed design . They should have thought about that before making the thing ...
 I used it once . The hoses and dispenser nozzle leak and the wheels are now useless , as they dig into the tank . It 's now in a landfill somewhere and I bought a few 5-gallon steel gas containers with safety caps plus a littls hand truck to haul the gas . This thing is unsafe .
 The bottom can not be emptied using the bottom valve , only way to somewhat get it emptied is to lift it head down and use the top hole but even doing that leave some in , messy !!! The hose mount screw also broke without much forceI decided to get many 5 gallons tank instead , store them on a shelf in my garage and use gravity to fuel up the cars , MUCH MUCH better !!!
 I purchased this fuel pump during the extended power outage -LRB- and fuel shortage in our area -RRB- caused by Hurricane Sandy . Fuel was in short supply with rationing , and it was cumbersome to use so many little fuel cans to fill the generator . I purchased this thinking I would be able to fill it and use the fuel for the generator & vehicles as needed during the fuel rationing . I may have missed it in the description , but I do n't remember seeing it , but it appears to be a gravity pump . this pump is probably good for filling boats in the water since they will be below the pump during filling . I 've had to move the generator close to deck stairs , carry the heavy -LRB- full -RRB- pump up 3 stairs and then be able to pump fuel into the generator . Also the pump handle mechanism is a let down , it does n't cut off when you release the handle , it takes about 5 seconds so you are either over-filling or spilling fuel.Not as expected , but I guess good for storing fuel in a shortage .
 i bought 2 of these units to transport fuel for filling up my boat at the lake houseim very dissapointed and the flo n go is the worst product i have ever boughtthe fuel hose is so cheep and thin you need 3 sets of hands to keep the kinks out of it while pumping fuellet alone after storing this unit with the hose wound up.the kinks never come outafter 3rd time of use nozzel broke off.shut off valves are in a to tight of a spot.plus they should put a brass elbow at the bottom of the shutoff to the hose to relieve the kink and stress at this point3 e-mails to flo n go 2 replys and 6 months later i still havent gotten any replacement hosecocmpany will not stand by this product.DO NOT BUY ... TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY
 When it was working , it was real pain and fuel got everywhere . Then the nozzle broke off . I have not been able to find a glue to get it back on . The only way I can get it to work now is if I lift the whole thing above what I 'm trying to fill , pump like a mad man and use a huge funnel to catch the big mess it makes without the nozzle . I tossed the hose and wo n't bother ordering a replacement . Rather I just leave it lying on it 's back and use a simple hand pump fuel siphon to fill my generator or Justrite fuel cans I just bought . Not elegant but far more effective and does n't spill a drop . Also , my cheap siphon has a far more flexible and usable hose even though it 's much shorter and does n't have the reach of the Flo n'go hose.Fed up with the worst piece of garbage money can buy , I shelled out for a pair of `` Justrite 7250120 AccuFlow 5 Gallon , 11.75 '' OD x 17.50 '' H Galvanized Steel Type II Red Safety Can With 5/8 '' Flexible Spout '' on Amazon for about the same price as one of these . I have never seen a better built gas can and unlike this piece of garbage , I can lift the Justrite cans with one hand and they do n't spill a drop . The Justrite cans are also far easier to transport and fill . Justrite type II cans may be overkill for home use but considering how horrible the Flo n'go pump is I did n't want to risk getting another piece of garbage and opted to buy what looked like top of the line.I 've operated farm equipment , small engines , generators , fuel vales , pumps , siphons , etc. so using the Flow n'go should have been a simple task for me . It is n't . I gave it one star because it if you throw away the hose that comes with it , lay it on its back and use a cheap fuel siphon instead it will work but that 's clearly not how the product is meant to be used or why you would buy it . Three 5 gallon cans are far more manageable , wo n't cramp your hand and wo n't make anywhere near as bad of a mess .
 I am surprised Amazon even allows this product to be sold . It is the worst designed gas container !!!!!! The one thing they do n't mention , is that you have to squeeze the handle and pump to get the gas out . This can get very tiring after 2 gallons . The handle leaks , when you rest it as the picture shows . I just threw $ 100.00 away , do n't make the same mistake . spend a few more dollars and get a gravity fed . or one that has a hand crank
 We purchased this to fill tractor at farm . On the back of pickup it was higher than tractor and it would not flow . Put two saw horses on back of truck with boards on them . Managed to get tank on them and it finally flowed . We will probably go back to 6 gallon cans . This was a waste of 100.00 . I saw one review that told how wonderful it was and ridiculed anyone having problems . My conclusion is he must work for the company . my husband is very good at getting things to work and this is way too much trouble . I would advise anyone not to waste your money . The company should have to post disclaimers for all the `` possible '' problems .
 The hose kinks , the wheels do n't work properly , you ca n't get the last of the fuel out of the thing using it properly , and the handle is , well , JUNK . I bought 2 of these and wish I had n't . I 'd have better spent the money on either one quality fuel delivery system or even a few 5 or 6 gallon tanks . As heavy as a 5 gallon tank is to manage it 's easier than using this thing . For proper gravity flow you have to elevate it over the source naturally , but when the tractors have a tank inlet 6 feet off the ground the only thing you can lift this with when full is a chainfall or a backhoe . The product is not designed well . Inexpensive should not mean cheaply made , and this product is not inexpensive so it 's a bad deal all around .
 It 's all been said here . It takes FOREVER to empty this thing . Gravity flow is so slow you ca n't believe it . Your hand will get sore from holding the nozzle open . You ca n't get the last 2 gallons out of it . It looks the old version had a pressurization device , the one I got does not . I 'd like to have my $ 100 back . I thought this would make filling my boat easier than using 5 gallon jugs . It not easier , it 's longer . It takes forever to empty this thing . And in case you did n't catch it , it takes forever to empty this thing .
 I agree with the one review titled `` Know What You Are Getting '' because this is not what the uneducated thinks it is . If I had made a decision about purchasing this product based on the majority of reviews here , I would have saved myself $ 100 . This is nothing more than a 14 gallon fuel tank on wheels with a siphon pump disguised as the type of nozzle you find at a normal gas station . I bought one of these 6 months ago with the idea that I would keep it in my garage and available to fill or top off my motorcycle fuel tank . Upon using it the first time , I realized I had made a mistake buying this for my purposes . If the DuraMax discharge valve , which is at the bottom of the tank and basically at ground level , is not level with or higher than the siphon handle or vessel you are trying to fill -LRB- like the tank on your motorcycle -RRB- , you will exhaust your hand pumping to get the fuel flowing . And once it starts flowing you must keep pumping to keep it flowing . Boaters would probably find this tank useful if they can keep it on the dock and fill their boat tank below the dock level - in which case you do n't need to pump the siphon at all , just keep the handle depressed and it will flow . Unless you can keep this tank level with or above the vessel you are filling , be prepared to do a lot of hand pumping and getting hand cramps long before your vessel is full .
 Do not waste your money here , this product is total junk and the one I bought is heading to the dump after two years . The list of complaints on this is long
 Bought two of these to use for boats , etc. . Both handles leak when using the pump feature . They are okay if you siphon only.d I cut the nozzle off one to prevent leaks . They are a little cheaply made .
 Use the product once worked fine . Used it a second time the pump handle leaks severely . As others have stated this product is majorly under engineered and not worth the money .
 The concept is great . But after the first use the pump leaks , and the flow is minimal at best . The hose is very prone to kinks as well . The 2 valves used to turn the flow off and on are a gigantic pain in the rear . If a better pump came with the tank would be a definate 5 start
 As indicated in the title of this review , the tank does not drain the last gallon or two of gas . This is a non-starter for me . Also , the newer design has a safety latch that makes it difficult to continuously pump without the gravity feed .
 I m a CEO of 2 small companies , received a boat as a gift and bought this product as I m in my 60 's and thought it would help me get gasoline from the shore out to the dock . Wrong . First , FedEx delivered the product and the box looked like it had gone through a grinder . The `` simple '' instructions are great if you have a degree from MIT in engineering . After lugging this thing to the boat ... I spent 1.5 hours trying to get it to pump . It pumps at the speed of `` zero . '' I have been in manufacturing 28 years and this is the biggest rip off I have ever seen on a product I ordered . Certainly is n't Amazons fault . Thanks . . good luck .
 How bad can bad be ? ... this container was given to me for this Christmas so I can have easy time filling gas into my new tractor ... it took me about 15 minutes of constant pumping to get 6 gallons into the machine . this was the worse experience I had filling gas ... ! I hope we can return this thing ... cons : * needs pumping all the time in order to get the flow of gasoline to move through ... * very slow to release the gas * gas leaks from the bottom * heavy to load out of the car after filling it up at the gas station * too much money for too little of a practical use
 It 's fairly easy to assemble and to fill it up . But that 's where the ease ends . It takes literally forever for this thing to `` pump '' out gas . Even when you have it raised above whatever you are dispensing the gas into the length of the hose makes you have to keep pumping the handle to get the gas to trickle out , and that 's all it does is trickle . It 's not like you can pump it 20 times to get it flowing and then it just flows . It literally took me over 30 minutes to empty this into my boat 's gas tank . You 're better off just buying a few 5 gallon jugs and a funnel . It would be great if it pumped the gas at a good flow , but it does n't . It trickles out and it will drive you crazy waiting for it to come out and your hand will get tired from pumping the handle over and over to get the gas to flow . Total waste of money .
 i owned this item for almost 2 years . the first year the nozzle failed and was replaced under warranty . the hose was constantly kinking and was told in essence that was the only hose available . i purchased new 1/2 in . fuel hose -LRB- at the cost of $ 30.00 and solved the problem . a month ago the ball valve that shuts off the tank to the hose started leaking.i called the manufacturer -LRB- in canada -RRB- and was told it was not repairable and since the 1 yr . warranty was up there was nothing they could do for me ! i would not recommend purchasing this item because it 's a piece of JUNK ! i now have a useless fuel caddy with additional money invested in hose .
 I ordered this product for my father as a gift . When it was shipped to my house , the box looked like someone had beaten it with a baseball bat . All pieces were included but if there had been any small parts they would have been lost through the many holes . I was embarassed to give this to my dad . Due to the condition of this item I would not order from this seller again .
 ITS GRAVITY FEED . THE SHUT OFF VALVES ARE IN A TIGHT SPOT AND IS FRUSTRATING TO TURN THOSE TINY SHUTOFFS . THE HOSE KINKS EASILY . BASICALLY IS A WASTE OF DOLLARS SPENT ON THIS ... 14 GALLON PRODUCT . THIS PRODUCT NEEDS TO BE REINVENTED TO MAKE IT BETTER PRODUCT . IM JUST NOT FEELING THIS PRODUCT .
 If you have a strong hand , feel free to buy it ; otherwise , you will need to squeeze the pump every time to get gas out of tank . Or you can raise the can 5 foot high in order to get a flow going . Either way is very disappointed .
 The gas tank holds gas , you can roll it around and it does n't take up much space . All good.The bad is , if you fill it up with 14 gallons of gas , it leaks from the upper fill cap . I put exactly 14 gallons in it , I did not fill it to the very top . After you take some gas out of it 1/4 - 1/2 gallon ? it no longer leaks . OK , so no big deal , you put 13.5 gallons in it and problem solved.The bigger problem is with the pump . What a joke . If you are looking to bulk-up your forearms , its great . If you are looking to move gasoline , forget it . It took me over 5 mins to move just two gallons of gas . I will have to buy one of those crank pumps that I believe works with this unit .
 Do not buy this thinking it comes with a top punch . I was disappointed to pay a little more to get this , only to find out that the top punch was not included .
 The child resistant closure is useless when the spout is permanently open , you ca n't close it . Also this is a bad design ... you ca n't fill the tank up to the top because it will start spilling out as you tilt the container to start pouring out the gas . Wants to return it , but the return postage cost just as much as the item .
 The training handle was made of sturdy material and the grip felt good . Major issue is the clamp going on bike was too small ! Could not fit around tube so bought Balance Buddy which connects to bolts on back tire . Worked great .
 This is way too small to fit on a cruiser , it arrived today and working on installing it right now . The back brake 's caliper `` legs '' are too short to reach the rim , only reaching down to the sidewall of the tyre on a 26 '' cruiser . The diameter of the calipers only just reaches around the standard size splash guard , but it does n't have enough room to close the calipers .
 Got this set to put on my motorized 26 '' beach cruiser . Came with no directions ... cheap handles ... less than worthless brake pads and the cables were way too short to reach the rear of the bike . This is why these are getting a 2 star rating . Replaced all of the cheap stuff the kit should have come with from my local bike shop.After seeing how the whole assembly actually moves when you stop ... ended up gutting the front set and changing out the front forks with another beach cruiser which has decent brakes . The rear set is still attached ... but under the frame and backwards ... since the pads do n't reach all the way to the rim.Unlike other sets you may or may not know which work ... these will fit the rims on a 26 '' bike . Other than that ... if you can find another front fork new or used with brakes all ready installed ... go this route . If you can find a way to mount rear disc brakes or another type before buying this set ... do so before spending your money . These brakes are a case of last resort .
 Yes , they 're cheap . I like the price . But ... You do n't have to be very good at table tennis to be disappointed with the quality of these . The seam is noticeably thicker material , and when it bounces on a seam , it has a dull sound and the ball does n't bounce as high or as predictably.In short , these balls make you feel like you 're playing with crappy equipment . I hate to say it because decent balls SHOULD be this inexpensive , but these are probably not the balls you are looking for.It 's probably not a surprise that the manufacturer themselves describe these as ` one star ' . They do make equipment they call ` five star ' , so take that into consideration . I suspect -LRB- but do n't know for sure -RRB- that the ` three star ' balls are probably the fair compromise .
 We tried this out at a winter scout camp where the hill was hard packedsnow and it was worthless . My kid had to borrow another sled . It has two black runners on the bottom of the tube which do not slide well on snow.If the run was solid ice it might work better . Very disappointed .
 SSG Pro Show Leather Winter Riding GlovesThese gloves are soft and comfortable , but not warm enough when it gets below freezing . They would be better marketed as cool weather gloves .
 Schwinn Airdyne Evo Comp Exercise BikeI recently purchased this product for my new Schwinn Airdyne Evo Comp exercise bike . The seat on the Airdyne Evo Comp is very uncomfortable for folks with larger bottoms , so I thought this would do the job based upon it 's positive reviews . I purchased the product and it was delivered promptly . The problem with this seat cover is that it does n't fit on top of the Swchwinn 's seat . It 's not designed to work with it . I contacted the company to return the product and they said they were looking into redesigning a new product for the Airdyne Evo Comp . The problem I had was the return policy . The company is a `` Mom & Pops '' operation in MT and does n't pay for returning the product for credit , it cost me $ 23.28 in UPS shipping fees which was 50 % of what I originally paid for the seat ! Not a good deal when it was their fault for not designing a product that properly fits the Airdyne Evo Comp !
 SSG Pro Show Leather Winter Riding GlovesThese gloves are soft and comfortable , but not warm enough when it gets below freezing . They would be better marketed as cool weather gloves .
 3-stars ? Do n't make me laugh . I 've had this for about two weeks and four of the six balls are already finished . These balls are particularly soft , it 's easy to tell when compared with my Joola 1-star balls . While my ONE STAR Joola balls have had one broken ball in about 5 months of playing , I 've had four of these Halex three star ones break on me in less than two weeks ! Maybe I just got a terrible batch , but judging by how soft these balls are -LRB- just apply a little pressure with your thumb , compared to say the Joola 1-star balls , and you 'll feel how soft they are -RRB- , I think they 're just poorly made .
 For 3 star balls , these are a waste of money . The dont bounce off the table as you would expect and they dont carry spin well.I do not recommend these to any experienced table tennis player .
 Halex Fusion 6-Pack 3-Star Tennis Balls -LRB- Orange -RRB- is the item . You you think nice fuzzy balls . You would be wrong , these are TABLE Tennis Balls . More commonly known as ping pong balls . Waste of my time , expense and effort . Waste of sellers resources too . Too bad .
 I dont feel like its a 3 star ball . I wish it could be much more better . Not kind of satisfying experience .
 bad balls to play with . very rough and uneven bounce ... . i will not even mention this as a 3 star ball
 Obviously we ca n't compare these to , say , a $ 3.50 3-star nittaku . It is cheap , low and inconsistent in quality , and therefore good for low level club play . I would not recommend these for technical training even at beginner level , or league play for points .
 This is a mid-calf sock with no cushioning . Poor quality , and definitely NOT over the calf . I can not understand where the five star reviews are coming from ...
 These are Over-the-Calf and I did not realize what that meant . They are very tight and went way up the leg . If that is what you want then they should be ok .
 I purchased this product , forgetting how much I can not stand having `` HANES '' stamped accross my toes !!!!!!!!!!! I find myself cringing when even thinking about wearing them . I 'll have to find a friend to pawn them off on .
 The saying &#34; You get what you pay for &#34; applies to this purchase . There is nothing wrong with the socks , the cotton is on the thin side , but soft . The quality of the spandex or elastic support does not hold up very well .
 I ORDERED OVER THE CALF SOCKS 10-13 AND RECEIVED 6-13 I CALLED NY LINGERIE 3 TIMESAND THEY WILL SEND A RETURN SLIP.IT HAS BEEN OVER -LRB- 30 -RRB- NO THANKS DON DORSCH
 Hanes Over The Calf Tube SocksI received the socks I ordered . My mistake.They are very thin compared to the Wigwam Tube Socks and the toe stitching is on the ends which make these socks very uncomfortable.It was my mistake so I am not blaming anyone or the product - I got what I paid for - a pair of cheap socks that I will not wear and the price does not warrant returning them as it would cost almost as much as I paid for the socks - not a good experience for me .
 SSG Pro Show Leather Winter Riding GlovesThese gloves are soft and comfortable , but not warm enough when it gets below freezing . They would be better marketed as cool weather gloves .
 I was so happy to order this . It has n't even been put together yet ... in box for two weeks . They sent the wrong hardware with it . I emailed them 2 times and got no response . After twenty minutes of trying I finally got a human voice . She was nice and shipped the parts . They arrived today and guess what ? The same wrong parts again . I ca n't get a response so I guess I will have to also go and purchase the stuff to put it together . At least I have a list from the owner 's manual . Overall experience was a big fat bust .
 This stepper is terrible ! The bar between the steps cracked after only two months of regular use . In addition , it is very squeaky and the monitor does n't register anything unless you step all the way to the ground . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 Mounted solid and tight on my SKS but the inner diameter of the tube is to large for it to form enough of a seal for it to force the piston back to cycle the bolt , the gas just comes out the two vent holes on the tube . would like to return but it is past the return date ... oh well NcStar has screwed me yet again .
 This weaver scope mount does not work . it does not provide enough surface area to tightly contact the rifle to hold it tight . I would recomend one of the UTG trirail or quadrail systems that clamps down on the barrel and gas tube .
 I bought this gas tube to replace the older worn out gas tube , and hate to say it but the new one doesnt work nearly as good as the original thats all beat up and used ! yah it looks nice on the gun and all , but when there is so much slop in it for it shake forom side to side , and the gas tube wont even blow the action back after each shot . I would not reccomend this gas tube to anybody , It will save you money but will actually do more harm than good in the long run unfortunatly .
 This has to be the most useless accessory I 've ever put on an SKS , the piston had to be forced into the tube when fired it would n't let the piston operate properly.It turned my SKS into a bolt action rifle.Put old gas tube back on and worked great.The NC Star gas tube is waste of money.DON ' T BUY IT ...
 When I recieved the item , it actually shipped very quickly . Right out of the box I knew it would not fit , I also noticed it was missing a screw on the &#34; scope mount &#34; and it was a good bit to long . I know some people said they filed it down using sand paper but i feel like it would have been days of work , and I am just not all for that so I am shipping it back and purchasing a new one from another seller .
 Well every SKS is a bit different , my gas piston slid right in , and I could n't feel any suction/compression . then to install , you may have to file a good bit off the square end , take off a little at a time and try to fit , I used sandpaper . I got it on the gun , and noticed it had about 1/8th inch side rock to it , no way Id ever put a scope on it , sure it could be shimmed and made secure but Im not a gunsmith , but it looks good on the gun .
 got this for my yugo sks , went to drop the gas piston into it and would not fit ... pulled it out and looked in the tube in the light totaly rust filled ... i say filled because i could scrape chuncks out . gave it a good cleaning pulled the rail off ... and fits fine now . havent got a chance to test it yet , its part of a project i put on the back burner
 We bought a new piston from this guy on e bay for our SKS and we got this Nc Star tub from amazon and the tub was to big . this is what we asked the piston seller . the piston we got from you was the .510 diameter one . I purchased an after market tube . Can you make one that is a larger diameter . And if so . How much would it cost me . The inside of the tube is .528 . Dont know how much clearance it should have . But the .018 lets a lot of gas buy and the gun will not cycle . If you can make one I wolud appreciate it . Just let me know how much . Thanks . -LRB- piston seller -RRB- . sounds like you have an NC Star tube , and I will not make pistons for those . Sorry to say , but they are the worst tubes I have ever seen , with a terrible finish inside the tube and the ones I have seen are extremely tapered . To be blunt I suggest throwing it away and getting a -LRB- Tapco -RRB- . So we bought a Tapco gas tub and now it works very well . This Nc Star gas tubes are to big for the piston -LRB- JUNK -RRB- if you buy this item you will be tossing it in the trash !
 After purchasing one of these cans I have had issues from day one . I bought this as an auxiliary can for my outboard 's small internal tank . The first time I attempted to top off while on the water I poured about 1 gallon , and spilled at least 2 cups.Upon arriving home I investigated thinking I must have done something wrong . No matter how you use the mechanism it will leak ! I thought I must have gotten a faulty unit , exchanged it ; same symptoms with the new can .
 I could not for the life of me get the unlocking mechanism to actually let me pour fuel into my vehicle . The only gas that would come out of the can came from the leak where you screw the spout on . I can use it now because I put the spout under a drill press and punched through the internal locking device . No other leaks or deficiencies , but for the price it is definantly not worth it . I would pay no more than $ 15 for this POS , only because you can make it usable with a little work and it fits into the jerry can rigs for your vehicle .
 Like the other reviews , the so called spill proof spout is terribly complicated to use and is not very durable , easily broken . Much spillage of course while figuring out how to get the gas out . Would NEVER buy this product ever again , nor do business with this company .
 THESE CANS A JUNK , THEY HAVE LOCKS ON THEM YOU HAVE TO PUT ALL YOU ENERGY TO KEEP GAS FLOWING AND END UP SPILLING GAS . NEEDS A PLAIN SPOUT TO POUR GAS FROM .
 These cans seem sturdy and Septer brand was personally recommended but later found out that was only military grade cans . I purchased two of these and filled them for emergencies . The first time I needed to use one for friend that ran out of gas I figured it would be no problem . Grabbed can and headed over to save the day . Unfortunately after and hour of fighting with the nozzle , spilling gas everywhere we -LRB- 2 intelligent adults with other `` cheapo gas cans '' -RRB- decided the nozzle was simply defective and I drove home to grab the other one . Mildly frustrated at this point , it happens . Grab the other can and head back ... same thing . These are , without a doubt the stupidest design I have ever had the displeasure of working with . There are literally no instructions on the can and that fact that you would need instructions on the can to simply pour fuel into a tank is ridiculous to begin with . I turned the lock on the second one and a spring shot out of the bottom . WTF ?! Seller was great and immediately refunded me for both cans . On the hunt for aftermarket nozzles to see if I can salvage these otherwise they are totally worthless .
 I bought one of these cans from Tractor Supply . The spout does n't work at all . The only reason I give it a rating of 1 is because there 's no zero option . Do n't waste your money .
 Did not like this product because it was too big and never gave the dimensions that was mistake # 1 I is so big have not even used it
 I bought 2 of these Scepter Jeep Style cans thinking `` higher price = better quality '' . I was very concerned with the spill proof -LRB- aka
 Pros
 This plastic can which is approved by the Califoria Air Resources Board leaks . The specially shaped seal deteriorated after about a year of service . Replacements are unavailable . The nozzle is too short to reach safely into the gas tank and the plastic container is easily damaged plastic construction . During transport the nozzle can not be placed in a safe condition . It sticks up in the one available fixed-position . It is dangerous , but the fact that the manufacturer does not respond to email inquires for replacement seals means the can is useful for about a year .
 STAY AWAY from this can.This is about the worst piece of engineering I have come across in years . -LRB- If engineering was involved at all in its design -RRB- 1 . -RRB- There is no conclusive description of how to close and open the safety mechanism .2 . -RRB- The mechanism is faulty3 . -RRB- It takes time to figure it out4 . -RRB- Using the spout means you always get your fingers dirty with fuel5 . -RRB- The spout is leakingI wasted an hour on this mechanism and spilled a pint of gas in the process.In short
 This was the first gas can I have bought in years . The salesman demonstrated briefly how the system works . I got home and neither I nor my son can make the can work correctly without gas seeping out and running all over our hands and the equipment . We tried several times and then went to their website -LRB- as referenced on the can -RRB- only to find out that the videos there do n't match the products they sell . Our mechanism for pouring was for more difficult to use and far less stable than what their video showed . Bottom line , both cans go back tomorrow . Horrid product . Run away !!
 The vendor did well.The container is typical of modern American , nearly useless , but super safe , mediocre products .
 The container is OK . the spout was designed by idiots.Stay away from this garbage.If you can find a non Carb spout to put on this please let me know
 I bought 2 of these Scepter Jeep Style cans thinking `` higher price = better quality '' . I was very concerned with the spill proof -LRB- aka
 This is the commercial replacement of what was a great product by Scepter of Canada , the military jerry can . Most of the reviews comment on the CARB compliant spouts . I 've found that if I use this product it works pretty well : http://www.amazon.com/Moeller-Scepter-Diesel-Water-Spout/dp/B000MT94S8/ref=pd_rhf_cr_p_t_2There is also a yellow Scepter spout you can use on the can that will permit you to close the can for transport.None of the box stores sell a fuel can that is worth spending money on . It 's highly disappointing that the CARB laws spread across the country resulting in this consumer product line .
 The watch is very nice , but my experience is that when I get worked less than a month and then bring it to a jeweler to see if it was the battery and told me it was problems with the machines , send e-mail to purchase and I said I had to call seiko warranty , and in central S SERVICE told me that the model was guaranteed I Disorder & warranty ... very bad experience !
 SSG Pro Show Leather Winter Riding GlovesThese gloves are soft and comfortable , but not warm enough when it gets below freezing . They would be better marketed as cool weather gloves .
 i was very disappointed with this buy . The abvoe item was not even close to being an extra large . It was more like a medium . I returned it and am still waiting for my credit .
 I purchased this for my wife who is five feet tall.It fits her , but is too small , it needs a larger wheel in the front.I bought the next larger size for myself , which she has assumed.They are alright , but , need gearing and more front wheel traction . If you get off the pavement , -LRB- by accident or because the paement ends -RRB- the Mobo -LRB- either size -RRB- is useless . The front wheel spins in place , yes a lot of exercise but no forward motion.Buy a regular bike for exercise or use the Mobo as a stationary bike for exercise .
 The description online states it is for adults . It is for kids . we have since discovered you have to look at the length of the bike . It should tell you from small to largest length . Amazon was good about refunding our money .
 I received my trike with high hopes . My bad . The trike was surprisingly to assemble , about 1 1/2 hours , taking my time . After assembly I gave it a test run , and was overjoyed with its having exceeded my expectations . I rode it approximately 1 block , but having family visiting from afar , waited until they left the next morning . Wow , now is the time to give m trike a real run . I did not even get out of the -LRB- short -RRB- driveway and the pedal just quit working . Here is where my satisfaction took a nose dive . Customer service , at every step , was almost nil . The one human I did succeed in talking with was nasty , and of absolutely no help.I sincerely hope others have a better experience .
 I had read quite a few good reviews about these bikes and was excited to get one . But I found it very disappointing . I read how easy and fun and comfortable it was on 3 or 4 differesnt sites . Not so , it really want all the comfortable and I did n't find it fun for the most part . The steering was kind fun . But over all I would n't recomend this type of bike . It 's also extreemly slow so do n't expect to be able to ride with others who are using a normal bicycle .
 I bought one of these for my wife who has has extensive back surgery . The wrong one was sent and it was nothing like what the description explained . Though it was in great condition , it was the wrong size and it turned out to be a childs Cruiser . The seat and seat back were very stiff and would not have been comfortable for my wife -- especially on rough pavement . It wasone speed and would have been difficult for her to peddle up even the slightest hills . I have to say that Amazon was very helpful and apologetic . They were a pleasure to work with in returning the Cruiser and refunding my money .
 My first bike -- many years ago was a Schwinn . Bought this trike based on that experience . But the trike is not as well manufactured ; back fender brackets too short to allow clearance over and above the tire ; steers to the left , front brakes could not be adjusted even by a bike assembler . Without rear fenders it is rideable . It will take a while to adjust to the quirks and foibles of a trike as opposed to a bike . I keep practicing and with a whole lot more practice expect to truly enjoy the vehicle . Assembly booklet needs drastic improvements and revisions .
 I do n't know what I expected from a $ 200 bike but it sure was n't this . First the good points , the paint job is great . The frame is sturdy and appears solidly constructed . Now the bad , the engineering behind the adjustable frame is poor at best . In order to ride the bike at all you need to stretch it out to one of the last notches which makes the bike unstable . Even moderate pedaling causes the bike to buck like a wild horse and it feels like it could fall apart at any time . The crank system is too short and feels like a circus bike , it also does not stay assembled . There is nothing more frustrating than trying to ride a bike that keeps loosing its pedals . I have owned this bike for less than a week and I need to replace one of the tires already . Most everything about this bike has been frustrating and disappointing . As far as the `` fun '' that this product promised me , the only thing fun will be getting rid of it . I would not recommend this product to anybody .
 this is one of the most poorly made products on the market . Do n't waste your money . Within 30 days I had to replace the rear tires . After that the brakes broke and then withing 6 months and less than 20 times used one of the pedals fell off and now will not stay on . This was well cared for and not handled roughly . It is very cheaply made and the seat is extremely uncomfortable -LRB- very hard -RRB- .
 three hundred dollars for what amounts to a glorified child 's tricycle ? It 's a single speed , so do n't expect to go very fast . -LRB- think of a unicycle , same arrangement . -RRB- If you 're going to spend this much , look into a recumbent , same seating position.I like how `` steve '' has squeezed in four of his biased reviews , looks like he works for the company with his plugs that read like a ` paid actor . '
 This is a great product if you 're right handed . But , my little south paw was a bit disappointed . It states in the description that it is for right and left handers , but it is really made for right handed pitchers . For lefties there is a note , `` As all instructional steps for left-handers are a mirror image of those shown for right-handers , left handers may wish to study these illustrations in this booklet in a mirror . '' So when my son is outdoors trying to make use of this ball , he should carry a mirror in his pocket ? Really ? As for the baseball itself , the fast ball fingerprints are interchangeable , but the curveball and slider are not . Disappointing .
 The first knife I received had a big dent on the edge and would not fit at all in the sheath provided . I had to send it back to Amazon and asked for a replacement.The second knife seemed to be good but still would not fit in the sheath as it should . It fit very tightly and I had to stretch it out using a hot blow dryer and the handle end of a screw driver . I expect more from a company who claims that each knife reflects the integrity of the management.If you take the name BUCK and replace the first letter with an `` F '' you 'll have my exact thoughts .
 I gave this two stars because the fit and finish is fantastic . Practically this did n't work for me . I 'm slim/athletic build and was no way I could hide this huge holster and gun under my tucked in shirt w no jacket .
 The only `` holes '' in the red tank are the filler hole and the assembly containing the gas line nipple . That assembly , a large square plastic base with hole for the gasline nipple , is connected to the tank with 4 screws . After first fill-up , the tank leaked extensively where that assembly is connected to the tank with the 4 screws . I 'll attempt to tighten the screws , but they 're not slotted or Phillips . Maybe I can un-screw it and apply some caulking and then re-attach it .
 the retainer is not adequate to loose does not stay in place not the quality product i expected from galco
 thats a kimber 1911 in the pick ... no where near the same gun so those are not the grips ur getting
 The post arrived in good time.Fitted the size correctly , however the suspension is so slight it hardly made any difference to my comfort . I would recommend trying another product , it isnt even a smooth spring , and clicks slightly when i hit a bump and use its full 1 cm ? or so bounce .
 The tank leaks around the the fuel gauge cap and the fuel line connector cap . They ca n't be tightened , I 've tried . The plastic threads on the vent in the fill cap were stripped or just poorly made , so the vent ca n't be closed tightly enough to keep gas from leaking out , and I mean a lot of gas , when you lift the tank using the handle . I 'll be talking to Amazon about a refund . Recommend you stay away from Moeller products , I will from now on .
 I have 2 of these tanks and they baffled me for two weeks while I tried to figure out why they often -LRB- but not always -RRB- leak . Both leak around the seals of the fuel pick-up screw cap fitting . This fitting is of a recent design , and allows the user to loosen the screw cap fitting to reset the position -LRB- angle -RRB- of the outlet tap . After adjusting , merely tighten the fitting . This is a good thing , as I can route the fuel delivery flexible hose in any direction I want . Now here 's the problem
 I , ve been boating for over 40 years - had numerous outboards and gas tanksI own three small outboards as well as other large marine products . My three small outboardsare all used for inflatable boats . Last year I purchased three new tanks since one of them had black gum in the bottom . I figured I might as well replace all three since they were all getting old - many years of service . I purchased three 3 gal moeller tanks about 6 mo ago . I have not be then boating except for three or four trips . Last week I decided to take out the small boat . I fueled the tank - tightened the top and picked it up . It leaked from the fuel intake . I set it down and hand tightened it again . Still leaked . I looked to see the cap had almost come off except for a small piece of plastic . At closer inspection the mounting threads had split like a ripe mellon.I drained the tank - not a easy or clean job . Then went to West Marine to get another one.They had my type and a newer variety of 3 gal moeller tank - they said it passed a more strict EPA leak test . I purchased it . This one much heaver and seemed to be better quality.Took it home fueled it and put it in my inflatable . It is Febuary about 65 the high . Came back a few hours later and the intake had leaked fuel all over my new boat . Both tanks poor quality and dangerous .
 Purchased this with a new outboard . Seemed like a nice tank . The dealer cautioned me that I should leave the vent open a tad to prevent `` blowing out the seal '' from pressure buildup . But he also cautioned me to not leave the vent open lest cooling of the tank suck in moist air in the evening , thus contaminating my fuel with water . Not sure about you , but I ca n't be adjusting the vent on my fuel tank twice a day . So , I just left it closed , hoping for the best . The next day , I found the tank leaking from the outflow fitting -LRB- as described in other reviews here -RRB- . Not sure if this is a bad design or a bad unit . Dealer has given me a replacement which I have n't tested yet .
 I own 2 of these tanks , they leak around the fill caps , on one of the tanks it leaks around the gauge lens . They leak around the fuel pick up caps . Then there 's the fact that the gauges do n't work on either tank . I 'd trade the useless gauges for caps that do n't leak.Were they ever tested ??? As soon as I find a quality tank these tanks are going to the land fill .
 I sincerely hope that Buck knives reads this and does something . I am writing from the perspective of someone who bought this same model of knife 5 years ago . THEN , it was a beautiful knife . Beautiful and Smooth in all aspects , from the fine rosewood to the polished blade.What I just got was a poor copy - like a wilted flower - only a memory of what used to be.The blade is poorly finished . You can still see the grind lines across the surface . My earlier version was like a mirror . The wood on this newer version just is n't as nice , leaving me wondering if it really is real rosewood . Even the finish of the metal parts of the handle is crude and unpolished . Fine craftsmanship is definitely not what comes to mind when you hold this newer blade.I am sorry I bought it and I will never be buying another Buck knife again .
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 I was looking for an inexpensive rack to haul an inexpensive mountain bike . As I usually bike alone a two bike rack was sufficient . I purchased this item at an outlet store for $ 25.00 . Problem # 1 : Would not slide completely into the hitch . I had my mechanic grind the bottom of the rack so it would slide into the hitch . Problem # 2
 very heavy easily torn -- reinforcement non fucnctional -- doubt i can cover my bike 10 times before it is torn to shreds -- i would not reccomend it at all -- wasted my money
 TERRIBLE . OVERPRICED . EASILY TORN . WASTE OF MONEY.I picked up Sunlite 's `` Heavy Duty Bike Cover '' at a local bike shop to protect my bike from the elements while chained on a city street . For Sunlite to claim that it is `` heavy duty '' is false advertising.It did n't last long . One wrong tug and a pedal ripped through this thin , easily-torn bike cover . Other rips followed , rendering the cover useless . Take your money elsewhere .
 i bought two of these covers for a stationary bike stored & used on my back patio in scottsdale . the first lasted two years before it had to be replaced . i then ordered another . the second appeared to be the exact same cover but started breaking down in the first few weeks . a seam immediately came unglued , 6 '' prox . then the skin spalled off , leaving the porous netting exposed , destroying the protection from water & sun . do n't buy it .
 This bike cover is quite heavy , but isextremely easily ripped . After using itonly one time , I had two large rips in it.Don ' t waste your money .
 I bought this item for one of my receiver group . It lasted one game . The ends have frayed badly the strap has come apart as has the stitching . I would not buy one of these again
 Made in USA , but defective.The spey blade is ground improperly , plus it is hard to open and harder to close . It has no snap closing , in fact it has to be forced against a grinding resistance . I have four other Buck knives which are near perfect , so I am surprised . I even had a 301 I bought 25 or so years ago , and it was fine , but no beauty . Those five knives were made in El Cajon CA.This is an unfortunate quality control issue . If the spey blade were as good as the other two , I would give at least 4 stars .
 Very disappointed in the looks of this knife . Metal was discolored like it had been sitting in stock for years . This gift is being returned .
 After having owned several buck knives over the years and having lost my original stockman i dedided to purchase another . The first knife was horrible . the two small blades would not open . when i did get them to open one of the blades would n't completely close.Imagine putting a knife with a partially open blade in your pocket . I returned that one and amazon sent out an immediate replacement.that one had a pin protruding out the side of the handle so far it caught on my clothing . I sent that one back and amazon advised me that any further replacements would probably also be defective so they issued a refund . I in turn ordered the smaller version of the same knife from amazon and it was delivered and was a perfect knife.Now for the good part . I contacted buck knives and told them of my dissatisfaction with my original purchase . I also advised them i had to settle for a smaller knife then i wanted and was contacted by one of their marketing managers who offered to send me a new stockman direct from the factory . I accepted the offer and was prepared to give him my credit card information when he advised me that there would be `` no charge '' for the item . This was a jesture of goodwill on the part of Buck Knives that was n't expected . The new knife was delivered and it was perfect.This just showed me that there are still some american companies that are deeply concerned with the quality of their products and will not hesitate to go the extra mile to make sure their customers are satisfied.In the future i will not hesitate to purchase other knives from this company .
 These guys make such a bewildering array of products that when you find one that meets your needs , you can never find more of the same kind . They should number their socks or something - &#34; Style Number 314683 &#34; or the like , if they even make the same kind of sock , with the same texture and material and weight , for more than two months in a row . It 's a pain , because if I do n't wear wool socks my feet hurt , and they used to be very reliable .
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 I received the shipment on time . However I ordered a ladies medium and it was too small . It fit my 60lb eight year old son perfectly . I was very disappointed .
 This knife as to almost all factory manufactured knife is not sharp after open box according to all my knife buying experiment . This knife is no exception . People saying this knife is sharp is being ignorance . The Sharpness comparison I used is by testing with a blade with the same metal of this knife in a well-sharpened statue and compare the result of two knives to get the approximately sharpness value . I have another Buck knife which is the famous Buck 110 Folder that uses the same Stainless 420-HC metal . This 284 knife ca n't cut through paper , while my 110 folder with same piece of metal can.If razor sharp is 10 and dull knife without an edge is 0 , then the sharpness value to this knife is 5 , and 110 folder being 8 . There are the pro and conPro1 , Light weight2 , Cheap Price3 , Good blade metal -LRB- should hold edge well and have a sharp edge in theory -RRB- 4 , solid strong handle and has some slip resistance also5 , solid knife6 , lock back7 , good looking designCon1 , not sharp out of box -LRB- you really need to sharpen it before use -RRB- 2 , Parts made in China3 , the pivot point is weak , ie may fail apart easily4 , no belt clip5 , no sheath6 , not solid enough if applied force to the side blade , ie easily breakable .7 , Overall not solid enough to be a reliable knife -LRB- Please consider Buck 110 for reliability -RRB- with this price tag , you really ca n't find a better knife . It is sharp after you sharpen it correctly and will definitely hold the edge . but if you look for a reliable knife that you count your life on , this is definitely not the choice you should take because since it has a plastic handle , the build of this knife is not solid enough . Although with life time guarantee , it will fail.Update : failed after few day of normal use by dropping to the ground about 1.5 meter height . The springs holds the locking mechanism fail apart . I ship the knife out to Buck 's customer knife service in the following Monday , and 2 weeks has been pasted , just did n't get anything back yet , not even a word . So here I am very doubting about the great Buck customer service every body are praising.I owned 3 Buck knife and because of this . No more Buck knife for me.Update2 : After about a month , Buck finally shipped my old broken knife back with a brand new knife , saying unrepairable in a piece of paper . I actually fixed my broken knife with a piece of metal attach to the handle and some black tapes . So I got one new knife and a fixed-working knife for all this trouble.Conclusion : Buck is a trusted knife brand , but not all their knife especially for this particular knife . If you drop this knife to a hard surface 2 meter above ground , there will be 50 % chance ending up damaged the plastic holding the metal spring of this knife .
 I always purchased Buck knives for their quality and safety . The lock back knife I purchased does not lock back and is dangerous . It has made in USA on blade , but I wonder if it is made in China ?
 The image of the knife looks very impressive but this knife is much smaller than it appears . The biggest complaint I had was the handle was made of hard plastic and I never felt like I had a solid grip on the thing . Unless my hands were warm and a bit moist , it always felt like I could drop it or cut myself trying to open the thing . Other than that the blade is quality and sharp .
 I got this knife because of the look , it has nice lines and nice looking blade , but that is about all that it has got going for it . It does not stay sharp , it has play side to side , the handle wont take much abuse . This is a nice office knife good for opening letters , cutting some string , carving a desk . Its a good starter knife but its not a solid built . I have an older buck lite 442 and its way better than this knife . I am kind of dissapointed with Buck on this one .
 I got these for my daughter as her swim yeam uniform . They are a terrible cut . They look really like old school gym shorts .
 I was looking for some gym shorts for my little girl . These said they were for children . The shorts were adult size . I was stuck with them as to ship them back would cost more that I paid for them . I threw them in the garbage .
 The way the products are linked together is misleading . All the sizes on the page make it very hard to tell what are the junior and what are the kids sizes . thought I was ordering one , got the other . Price and quality where great though . I would have spent more sending them back than I spent buying them . So I have 3 pair of worthless shorts now .
 Is this a joke or what ? These are n't an adult X-large they are a childs medium . It wo n't pay to send them back because of the shipping so I wasted $ 7.99 on a cleaning rag .
 IT WAS MY MISTAKE . I DID N'T REALIZE THAT THIS ITEM WAS &#34; JUNIOR &#34; SO OF COURSE THEY DID N'T FIT . I DID N'T HAVE A PACKING ORDER SO I COULD N'T RETURN THEM . I 'LL FIND SOME SMALL PERSON TO GIVE THEM TO .
 I ordered 4 pairs of LARGE , and the shorts are way too small -- might fit a 10 year old !
 I got these for my daughter as her swim yeam uniform . They are a terrible cut . They look really like old school gym shorts .
 I was looking for some gym shorts for my little girl . These said they were for children . The shorts were adult size . I was stuck with them as to ship them back would cost more that I paid for them . I threw them in the garbage .
 Is this a joke or what ? These are n't an adult X-large they are a childs medium . It wo n't pay to send them back because of the shipping so I wasted $ 7.99 on a cleaning rag .
 I ordered 4 pairs of LARGE , and the shorts are way too small -- might fit a 10 year old !
 IT WAS MY MISTAKE . I DID N'T REALIZE THAT THIS ITEM WAS &#34; JUNIOR &#34; SO OF COURSE THEY DID N'T FIT . I DID N'T HAVE A PACKING ORDER SO I COULD N'T RETURN THEM . I 'LL FIND SOME SMALL PERSON TO GIVE THEM TO .
 The blades on this knife would not close without being manually pushed back into the body . None of the typical snap back like you typically find in slip joint knives . The plastic scales had a rivot that stuck out enough to catch your finger . Even though the knife is a US made knife the quality is way below that of the same model produce in the 1980s and 1990s . I have many knives and this rates as probably the poorest quality control I have seen in a knife allowed to leave the factory . I will continue purchasing knives through Amazon , but you can bet it will not be a Buck 300 series . Even the 500 series knives have gone down in quality . Additionally , I have sent Buck Knives two emails for other issues in the last few months and find that they do not respond .
 Is this a joke or what ? These are n't an adult X-large they are a childs medium . It wo n't pay to send them back because of the shipping so I wasted $ 7.99 on a cleaning rag .
 I ordered 4 pairs of LARGE , and the shorts are way too small -- might fit a 10 year old !
 IT WAS MY MISTAKE . I DID N'T REALIZE THAT THIS ITEM WAS &#34; JUNIOR &#34; SO OF COURSE THEY DID N'T FIT . I DID N'T HAVE A PACKING ORDER SO I COULD N'T RETURN THEM . I 'LL FIND SOME SMALL PERSON TO GIVE THEM TO .
 I got these for my daughter as her swim yeam uniform . They are a terrible cut . They look really like old school gym shorts .
 I was looking for some gym shorts for my little girl . These said they were for children . The shorts were adult size . I was stuck with them as to ship them back would cost more that I paid for them . I threw them in the garbage .
 The way the products are linked together is misleading . All the sizes on the page make it very hard to tell what are the junior and what are the kids sizes . thought I was ordering one , got the other . Price and quality where great though . I would have spent more sending them back than I spent buying them . So I have 3 pair of worthless shorts now .
 First of all the picture is absolutely incorrect and misleading . I am so disappointed with Amazon for depicting different item -LRB- although I was certain that the picture posted does not belong to any M9 pistol , but yet trusted Amazon . -RRB- What you 'll get is this : TSD Tactical/WE SDWEM9BRB Airsoft Full Metal M9 Gas Blowback -LRB- at least mine was . -RRB- But what I received was a heavily used -LRB- perhaps abused -RRB- pistol that Amazon labeled on the box `` ready to ship !!!! '' . It is so disappointing that a company that is well known internationally plays such games with their customers!Avoid this one .
 Back in time , Buck had trappers in their line up . They stupidly -- very stupidly -- dropped them along with the large stockkman and the Buck 319 . Now they bring back a trapper BUT they make it in RED COMMUNIST China . Own up to your mistake , Buck , and make the trapper again but have the decency and patriotism to make them in the USA . And you buyers out there , do n't buy a Chinese made Buck .
 Whish they would of put the country where this was made at . Thought I was buying a american made knife . Should 've bought a Case Knife from Bradford , Pa. .
 I was excited when my new Buck Trapper arrived in the mail ; however , the first thing I saw was Made in China . What a disappointment . Everyone knows that the best steel is made in America . I own many Buck knives and have always compared them to S&W ; pistols the way the hinges fit together and open so smooth . This particular model was milled poorly on the back of the hinge and opens like a Case XX . If I had bought a Case XX at least it would have been made with American steel.Thumbs down to Buck for selling out .
 This is a drop point blade not a blade with a gut hook . The picture is wrong . I am returning item due to that issue . Thanks
 The image connected with this knife depicts a folder with a nice wood handle.It 's description , on the other hand , states that the handle is rubberized black thermoplastic .
 Picture and item description do not match ! I 'm not sure what knife you will receive if you order this .
 IT WAS MY MISTAKE . I DID N'T REALIZE THAT THIS ITEM WAS &#34; JUNIOR &#34; SO OF COURSE THEY DID N'T FIT . I DID N'T HAVE A PACKING ORDER SO I COULD N'T RETURN THEM . I 'LL FIND SOME SMALL PERSON TO GIVE THEM TO .
 I ordered 4 pairs of LARGE , and the shorts are way too small -- might fit a 10 year old !
 Is this a joke or what ? These are n't an adult X-large they are a childs medium . It wo n't pay to send them back because of the shipping so I wasted $ 7.99 on a cleaning rag .
 I got these for my daughter as her swim yeam uniform . They are a terrible cut . They look really like old school gym shorts .
 I was looking for some gym shorts for my little girl . These said they were for children . The shorts were adult size . I was stuck with them as to ship them back would cost more that I paid for them . I threw them in the garbage .
 I ordered 3 of these knives as Christmas gifts because the product specs said made in the USA . The knives arrived with a Made in China label . They will be returned immediately . False advertising
 But CHINA stamped on the blade ? Very disappointed . One star due to the false advertising . Once again , I try my best to buy items made in the USA , so it was very disappointing to purchase this item listed as made here , but stamped with CHINA .
 Are there any knives made in the USA?Shame on Amazon for hiding the truth . These are not US made as indicated .
 I brought this knife because it was suppose the the `` Made In the USA '' . Funny how one of the blades has CHINA stamped on it . I 'll never buy another Buck knife .
 If I could rate this zero or less , i would ... I did not know , but this buck knife is made in china ... I will never buy one again ...
 I find it disturbing that nowhere in the product description does it say `` made in China '' . You do n't know until you get it home and open the blade . I 've returned the three that I bought for gifts and will not buy another Buck product . There is a more expensive version of the stockman that shows an American Flag next to it on the website , this one should show a chinese flag . Anything less is false advertisement .
 if yu want a Buck knife , get one made in the USA instead of this piece of junk from RED COMMUNIST China .
 I 've heard some good things about Planet Bike , but they appear to be letting their accountants run the show . The fenders themselves are of good quality , but they skimped on the hardware necessary to attach the fender to the bike . I do n't know the particular model they had in mind when they provided a bare minimum of nuts and bolts , but they probably wo n't fit your bike . You will have to supplement their meager offerings with a trip to the hardware store . Interestingly , of the 8 bolts they included , only 2 had nuts . It would probably have only cost them an extra 25 cents to include some additional ties , and hardware . For what is ostensibly a universal fender , the inadequate attachment hardware is disappointing .
 This double end bag sold by TKO Sports Group USA Ltd. arrived defective . It will not stay inflated therefore can not be used for the purpose it was purchased.After notifying TKO immediately I was told they were closed for the h olidays , then closed for inventory , then there was a problem with the return shipping label . Its been a month and i have not , as yet , reeived a refund . Poor business practices do n't bode well in this economical downslide . I purchased the bag elsewhere and i 'm completely satisfied . I would like my refund please .
 I had a nike imara watch in the past . It was my favorite watch , until it broke - I bought this product to replace it . Unfortunately the seller shipped me the wrong watch - the color around the watch face was the same as the band . To be plain , the watch was ugly . The color was brighter than the photo online led me to believe . Also , the watch looked junky - not like I had paid $ 50 for it . I would never have worn this watch , even though I loved my old nike imara watch dearly . I hated it so much that I sent it back -LRB- and I never send things back -RRB- . Thankfully the seller was accommodating in my return -LRB- although his English was shaky -RRB- , but it took longer than I expected for me to get my money back . Not the best experience I 've had on amazon .
 This chain cleaner is a total loss . It is poorly designed and poorly put together . By the end of our second use , ours had shaken itself to pieces and was unusable.The first design flaw in this model is that its hole for accepting chains is n't as big as bicycle chains ! I had to take it down to the shop and sand the hole with a Dremel tool in order to make it large enough . Did they test this at all?The second design flaw is that the so called `` sturdy handle '' is n't sturdy . In fact it parted company with the rest of the chain cleaner , tearing out a hunk of resivoir wall on the way . Now it no longer holds fluid , and so is useless . -LRB- In truth , the vibration from the first problem caused the second , but I list it seperately because it shows how flimsy this `` product '' is -RRB- Setting money on fire would be a better buy than this product .
 After paying for this product and being charged a shipping and handling fee as large as the product cost itself , I did not receive the product . On making an inquiry , the company gave me a post office number that was not relevant . I then reminded the company that it was responsible for delivery of my purchase and I received a `` regrets '' note from them.I have ordered many items over the years through Amazon.com , and I believe this has been the first time that delivery was simply not made and bogus excuses given . The total amount , including shipping , was just over 15 dollars . Perhaps the company regarded this sum as inconsequential and just not worth their time.A Very Unsatisfied CustomerRobert James MoonAtlanta
 It did not do the work . It is a trash . I may use it as players . I do not trash it because I pay money for it .
 These skates were great when I initially got them for my 3 year old daughter . She skated all around the house , and at the skating rink . Now that I 've had them for a couple of years I 've noticed that they do n't stand up well to a lot of use . The wheels keep falling off and need to be glued back on . These skates are great for a child to learn how to skate , but once they get proficient I recommend upgrading since these do n't stand up well to a lot of wear .
 The company may have revised there description for this item since my complaint . Just be warned that it is for the P239 9MM only and will not fit the .40 S&W .
 I ordered this because the picture shows a slim blade hoof knife . When I received my order I got a thick bladed knife .
 These guys make such a bewildering array of products that when you find one that meets your needs , you can never find more of the same kind . They should number their socks or something - &#34; Style Number 314683 &#34; or the like , if they even make the same kind of sock , with the same texture and material and weight , for more than two months in a row . It 's a pain , because if I do n't wear wool socks my feet hurt , and they used to be very reliable .
 Have had no luck with the rattle bag so I upgraded to a synthetic hand held set of rattling antlers . They sound more like the real thing and actually worked .
 He loved the motorcycle , but the battery wo n't hold a charge , electricity goes through , so as long as it is plugged in , it goes , but take out the charger cord , and it has nothing . I got mine from Sears , and have to pay the postage to return it , hardly worth the hassle .
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 yr old son for Christmas . You are getting what you pay for - it took days to get a full charge of the battery.There is no horn sound - it makes a noise that would drive anyone crazy.It is so slow - that my son pushes his feet along the ground to go faster.The rubber tread keeps coming off ... a BIG disappointment
 The box was a mess when it arrived , including the styrofoam on the inside . The chrome was chipped and it is significantly smaller than you think . If you are lucky , your child can ride it until they are 4-5 , not until they are seven as the box suggests . This is the type of toy you should see in a store so I do not recommend the online purchase . Our son is 3 1/2 and was deeply disappointed with the toy . To boot , there are fuses that were shot when the toy arrived and our son was never able to ride it . What a tremendous disappointment at Christmas .
 Not a good shape at all , wish I would have bought one more like the thigh master . Awkward to use and I am just waiting for it to bust and hit me in the face . Do n't even waste your money !
 This is stiff and leaves my legs numb from using it . It really has no kind of pliability ... its like bending some rigid cheap metal . Please stop producing this useless piece of crap !
 it was a very good idea to actually have a thigh toner ... but unfortunately the item iv received was very defective , it would not bend or barely move.item was rusted in the inside and in the middle part . i was upset hope next time i get a better item :-LRB- im sorry i hate doing this .
 I DO N'T LIKE THIS PRODUCT , WHY ? BECAUSE IT 'S UNCOMFORTABLE TO USE , IT LOOK AND FEEL CHEAP , AND I HAVE YET TO FEEL AS IF I 'VE HAD ANY REAL KIND OF WORK OUT . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY THE REAL THING , OR BETTER YET JUST DO SQUATS OR GO TO THE GYM . I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 It 's definitely not the original Thigh Master . It 's a cheaper version . It 's not as large , thus making it less of a stretch to exercise with . I would n't get another one .
 When I first saw this I thought manThis is a good deal for a rain suit . To my dismay when I opened the box it was only the bib and not the jacket . The material is durable and lasted longer than most gear I have used , but understand you are only getting the bib and not the jacket as pictured .
 The blade had small spots of what appeared to be `` rust '' on them . Enough to make me think I was getting a used product . The function seemed to work well but the rust was visible . I returned for full credit .
 After looking extensively for a single locking blade knife about this size with a wood case , I settled on the Buck Squire . I was disappointed when it arrived , though . The wood just did n't look very nice . It appeared low-quality to my eyes and the color had a strong red tint to it , unlike the picture shown here . Otherwise , the knife was very nice -- good blade , opened smoothly , locked and unlocked as it should . But since I 'm looking for a nice knife to keep for decades and I was n't happy with this one 's appearance , I returned it to Amazon -LRB- with absolutely no hassles . - love how easy it is to shop here -RRB- . Maybe the one I got was an anomaly and another one would have looked better , I do n't know . I 'm shopping around for a different knife now .
 I had bought a few Buck knives and overall were happy with its sturdiness and craftsmanship until this one . Yes it is still sturdy as the others I had bought but the craftsmanship was absolutely lousy - the blade seems to be cut by a broken tool and it looks very coarse , and the screws underneath the nickel silver bolsters were so disturbingly conspicuous -LRB- It does n't show on the picture . -RRB- . So much for the legendary knife maker . I was going to return it but was too lazy to go through the trouble . I just bought a folding knife from Kershaw instead and I am very happy with it .
 I jumped at the opportunity to get this at the low holiday price a few months ago , but was disappointed in the product . The knife is very small -LRB- a little over two inches long -RRB- , which is good if you are in search of a keychain-sized knife . Unfortunately , the size compromises the solid Victorinox feel that I 've come to know over the past fifteen years I 've used their products . Also , I apparently failed to consider the logistics of this product before buying -LRB- apparently my inner-geek was so smitten by the awesome thought of a flash drive/swiss army knife combo -RRB- . Another reviewer got it right when he stated , `` If you do n't have a practical need for a combined flash drive , light , knife , scissors , screw driver , and pen , then do n't spend your money on this . `` Although I have a use for all of these products from time to time , I never face the circumstance when I need them at the SAME time . The logistics of pulling a knife -LRB- or even what looks like a knife -RRB- out of my pocket every time I want to access a file simply is n't conducive to the environment in which I work -LRB- and live , for this matter -RRB- . Even for the reduced price , you can buy a nice Victorinox Swiss Army knife of almost any size and configuration AND a 4 gig flash drive .
 I am very disapointed with this jacket - it was a bit pricey and you 'd think that would coincide with good quality - it does not . The sewn-on letters are unraveling and not just one of them . Poor value .
 this knife is somewhat of a luxury item . the blade comes sharp , but is very brittle . not something you want to drop on a tile floor , and not something you want to pry anything with in any way . it is stylish , but there were imperfections in the handle when i got mine , one side was deeper than the other . i dont use it regularly because im afraid of damaging the blade . definitely not worth the price tag , unless you have money to burn .
 I bought this product for my step aerobics class . I chose this itembecause it was more cheaply priced than some of the other stepsoffered , but wish I had spent the extra money on one of the moreexpensive models . For one thing , this step is too narrow . A widerone is easier to navigate . The extra risers do n't fit properly and keepfalling off -LRB- once on my foot ... ouch ! -RRB- so I do n't even bother with them.Also the plastic risers attached to the step are very slippery , so Ihave to put my yoga mat underneath it so I wo n't go sliding acrossthe room . Overall , I was disappointed in this product and wish I spenta little more and received better quality .
 Like I sad , do n't waste you money , it 's cheap , but no good . It is very small . I bought it for the price and 2 weeks later was forced to buy a normal Step with risers for about 100 $ . In the end it cost me more .
 Holster is OK but a Left Hand holster was sent in a box marked RH . This was discovered too late to return so be sure to verify immediately that you have the correct holster .
 Well , I had high hopes for this product , especially since I spent a ton of money on all three cleaners and protectants -LRB- speed clean , repelin , and another one -RRB- . I followed all the rules and put the boat back in the water after drying for 3 days . In one month , the entire bottom was covered with barnacles several millimeters thick . I will not buy this product again .
 Although the write-up said it inflates just about anything , and specifically mentioned exercise balls , it will not work with items needing a needle nozzle.I spoke to customer service and they were very nice , but the rep said the item is made for large inflatables - tubes , rafts , etc. . I asked about using an adapter for the needle -LRB- many exercise balls come with these -RRB- and he said that would not work . He reiterated that the item is made for large inflatables . He could be wrong in terms of adapters , but I do n't know yet.It may be a good product , but the write-up needs to be adjusted . It simply does n't do what the write-up says . I gave it a 2 because customer service was good .
 I ordered a Ergo ball on wheels and it was advertised as needing an air pump to utilize the ball . I ordered both as a package deal . When I received the ball on the wheels it already had a pump that came with it . So I do n't need this additional one and have n't opened it as of yet .
 The watch looks great , HOWEVER beware of durability issues.First , on the bracelet the little pins that hold the bracelet together regular become loose or fall out and have to be replaced . In the first year I owned the watch I had to have it repaired three times for this problem , finally I asked for a brand new watch and the problem occurred all over again . It is not like I wore the watch doing construction work either , I am an office professional ! Very frustrating.Also , the WHITE dots on the face of the timepiece , which have a substance in them to illuminate the face in darkness deteriorate over time and turn BLACK -LRB- within one year -RRB- ! Again this happened to me with two separate watches.This watch will frustrate and disappoint both cosmetically and functionally . As a timepiece this watch quickly falls out of accurate time unless you constantly wind it tightly by hand . Beware !
 I BOUGHT ONE OF THESE . IT LASTED TWO YEARS . HAD THE BATTERY REPLACED BUT THAT WAS NOT THE PROBLEM . THREW IT INTO THE DRESSER JUNK DRAWER . HINT
 I have a mid-size men 's quartz Seamaster 120 meters I purchased 6 years ago that now sporadically looses a couple of minutes a day or just stops . \ I have had the battery replaced twice in the last two months at a good local watch shop . They say there is nothing they can do . Disappointing quality . I would not buy Omega again .
 The description of this model -LRB- 2561.80 -RRB- says 41.5 mm , but it 's actually only 36.25 mm . This model is the Mid Size .
 Ordered a 50 yard roll and got a 6 yard roll . Called and was told they will send a 50yard roll . Later was told they wo n't send it but we could send back the original for credit .
 I bought these because the cheap plastic ones that came with my bike broke . I thought these would be better because they are metal , but the cages bend easily , and now have broken , not lasting more than a few months .
 I bought these off a local bike shop in a pinch . I rode with them one day and had to take them off and bend them back into shape . They 're probably good if you 're not riding very hard .
 This product is actually quite small . Even though is says mini , I still expected it to be a little bit bigger . Also , it will not stand up with a drink bottle in it . The seams on the bottom make it too unstable to stand alone .
 A few years ago I picked up a couple Insulated bottle carriers in a grocery store for about $ 5 each . I fell in love with them quickly -- they keep your bottled water cool in the summer and prevent freezing in the winter . The two I got in the grocery store also have two methods for carrying -- a string you can wrap around your wrist , and a clip . I wish I had gotten more of these or knew who manufactured them . I wanted a couple more , and tried this product.This bottle carrier -- the one I 'm reviewing on this page -- simply is n't as good . It does keep beverages cool and keep them from freezing , but there is only a clip -LRB- no carrying string -RRB- , and it is very difficult to insert a bottle of water then be able to `` stand up '' the bottle on a table . If you try to stand it up , it falls over easily . I do n't have this problem with the carriers I got in the grocery store because they have a little `` ridge '' sewn around the bottom of the carrier which stabalizes the bottle when you stand it up.In fact , this product actually makes it much more difficult to stand the bottle up because there is a seam that runs exactly down the center of the bottom , creating an uneven platform . I even purchased a couple heavy 2 '' or so washers and inserted them into the bottom , but this did n't help them stand up much.So , compared to the two excellent bottle carriers I found in the grocery store a few years ago , this product just does n't compare
 The belt seems nice enough . I 'm not sure what qualifies it as a belt to be used for carry . It 's not any heavier than any of the other `` normal '' belts I have -LRB- although it is more expensive -RRB- . As one other reviewer mentioned it is also `` oranger '' than it appears to be on the website . Sizing also appears to be smaller than normal . It 's not awful , but not what I needed , so back it goes .
 I like this belt OK . It looks good . But I needed it to help support carry of a 1911 . It is not a bad belt , it is just not thick or firm enough to carry something heavy . Not good for the purpose for which I bought it .
 Bianchi has been around and is well known for thier gun leather , so I mistakenly thought this belt would be appropriate and provide adequate support for use with a concealed carry , outside the waitband holster . Not so.This belt is made in Mexico . Leather thickness varies from .133 '' to .155 '' . After a month of wear , the belt is sagging and showing areas of ripples and weakened areas in the leather . I 'm not overweight -LRB- waist 33 , 6 ' 1 '' tall -RRB- , so I 'm not putting any undue or unusual stresses on the belt.If you are looking for a belt for utility use , to carry a weapon or other tools that may weigh more than a cell phone - - this ai n't it . Bianchi has outsourced their product and quality .
 the item received was not as described.the gloves run small.the velcro closures are too difficult to operate . go ahead , try to put your second glove on.when i decided to return the item for the reasons above , i was charged a restocking fee . might as well have just kept them and re-sold them on ebay or something.do yourself a favor , buy something else from somewhere else .
 Ordered a 50 yard roll and got a 6 yard roll . Called and was told they will send a 50yard roll . Later was told they wo n't send it but we could send back the original for credit .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I found it wanting to unhook from the strings . Then , it broke after a mere hour of playing ! I have read a mix of reviews on these with some players having similar experience as me and then some loving them .
 I bought a medium size and received a large size , I was delighted with this purchase and this disappointed me
 I purchased this belt as a replacement for my old valeo VRL that I lost . This belt was half the thickness of my old belt and the suede lining was coarse . Not soft like my last one . This belt offered no support and felt like I was lifting with a piece of cardboard wrapped around my waist . I only used it once and gave up on the workout . Everything about this belt is cheap . Nothing like my old one . Instead of this , buy the Grizzly padded belt . Just like my old valeo .
 Item is good but not the people who sell them , i contacted them via email and explained how do i go about exchanging item for a different size and got no reply , its been over a month and no reply .
 I can not recommend this item as the top is pretty much poorly designed fancy garbage . It is not at all suitable for this type of bottle , but would work fine on a squeezable bottle . It takes a significant amount of pressure to hold the dispenser in the open position . Once in the open position , the water trickles out at VERY slow rate . To get the water faster you would need to suck on the bottle which looks quite foolish , but is also ineffiecient as there 's no vent to release the vacuum you create . I just remove the entire top to drink . No issues with the bottle itself but I should have gotten the loop top .
 I was very excited about my Sigg bottle . However , though it looks really good , I 'm unhappy because one can not fit in ice cubes , it has terrible insulation if they fit anyways , and the sports top that I purchased releases barely any water . I also have a Thermos brand stainless steel bottle which , though plain and not nearly as trendly as the Sigg , works much much better .
 My daughter had her heart set on this water bottle ... we purchased it with a gift certificate , and were anticipating the order to arrive in the next few days . We just received an email stating that our order has been canceled for no given reason . this company ONLINE FITNESS should be banned from Amazon . They lie about the products they have . I would like to find out how I can put in a FORMAL COMPLAINT about this particular vendor ... breaking their promise and breaking my daughter 's heart . They should be ashamed of themselves .
 I was disappointed to have purchased this water bottle with the understanding that it was BPA-free but recently SIGG has come out with a statement saying it is not . You havee to look at the color of the lining to determine if it is the old or new lining . This one has the old lining .
 Basically it seems to be a solid reel , but the bail design is terrible , with a bulbous shape on the left side of the bail with a big notch that catches the line all to frequently . When this happens , the line wraps around the whole reel , and if you do n't notice it immediately , it creates an annoying mess to deal with . This is inexcusable , even in a lower tier reel , because Okuma usually puts out excellent reels even at this price bracket -LRB- I paid $ 30.00 for my Ignite 20 -RRB- Look at virtually any other decent reel , and the bail is designed to avoid catching the line ... the ignite seems designed to catch the line on purpose .
 Ordered a 50 yard roll and got a 6 yard roll . Called and was told they will send a 50yard roll . Later was told they wo n't send it but we could send back the original for credit .
 This is far and away the worst item I have ever received from Tiger Claw . The blade itself is fine , but the fittings were shoddily constructed and I 've hade to completely disassemble and reprofile the scabbard because it hade been made to such a bad fit that the sword could n't be drawn -LRB- it took two people five minutes to get it out the first time -RRB- . The `` presentation box '' was missing a catch and the emboidery was damaged because someone somewhere along the production line had swathed it in sellotape . It will take me hours of work to bring this sword up to a presentable condition , and that 's not what I paid the -LRB- overly steep -RRB- price tag for . Normally I highly recommend Tiger Claw products , but in this instance I have never been more disappointed .
 The first time we used this cover it tore on the rear axle bolt . It also did n't fit the `` classic '' style bicycle we were placing this on very well , but that was to be expected since it is a one-size-fits-all type of cover .
 After several months of storing a bicycle outdoors , this cover has begun disintegrating . The plastic has become brittle , I suspect due to the sun . I live in a temperate part of Southern California . This cover has become completely useless . I will be looking for a cover which is more durable , perhaps one made of the type of material you might find for a BBQ cover.Avoid this product at all costs if you plan to store your bike outside .
 I realize the price being so low that I would not receive a top of the line bike cover which is fine . I did expect to receive a cover which would fit my brand new average size mountain bike ~ it does not . since it does not fit over both tires , the plastic snaps that cinch it tight do not come together to make a complete unit . I have to use clothes pins in certain areas to seal the cover in enough area to make the cover at least somewhat useable . My tires and rims are left exposed to the elements and thus are getting mud and moisture on them when it rains . Even the picture to the right of this review shows the cover with ample room all over the bike ~ very misleading!Very disappointed !
 It was difficult to figure out how to cover the bicycle with this cover , as it did n't seem to have any demarkations for installation . It started coming apart after the first use . A large -LRB- about 1 foot long -RRB- tear appeared ; I attempted to tape it with duct tape , but it not only came apart again , but ripped in several other places as well . I would recommend that anyone needing a bicycle cover buy a better quality one than this -- you get what you pay for .
 The first time I used the bicycle cover -LRB- one of two which I bought -RRB- , when I went to uncover it , there was a foot-long split in the seam . I taped it up and am using it , but basically , I feel it 's a rather chintzy product . Also , it 's very hard to figure out how to orient the cover to fit on the bike , but I suppose , since it was inexpensive , it would fit in the category of `` you get what you pay for . ''
 The product was advertised as durable plastic ... should have said very thin plastic . When I took it out of the bag and opened it was torn.The company responded and gave me a return number , but now I would have to spend time and money to return . In the end $ 16 wasted .
 after a few rain storms this cover is all ripped up . it is n't that heavy .
 cover is pretty thin and tares easily . also does not secure in anyway , so it can blows off easily .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I found it wanting to unhook from the strings . Then , it broke after a mere hour of playing ! I have read a mix of reviews on these with some players having similar experience as me and then some loving them .
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 Product received was 9ft and 14ft length cord , yes 25ft total , the listing made no mention that the cord would be divided . I expected a continuous piece from which I could divide to suit my needs . This seems to be a running theme in this company 's business practice . Amazon are you listening ?
 I 've been battling pastern dermatitis for more than five years now with my gelding . Products have come and gone that have provided him minor relief , but nothing cleared it up.This was no different.I used it as directed and treated diligently . I did n't expect miracles , and I did n't get any . It did n't worsen his condition or cause him any apparent discomfort , but it did n't provide any relief , either.It 's far cheaper to use an alternative antibiotic product -- even regular antibacterial hand soap has the same active ingredient as Krud Buster -- for the level of efficacy offered .
 I did n't like it too much because my head is too small -LRB- asian -RRB- and the one size fits all does not have asians in consideration . Other than that I did n't think it looks all that great but if you are a die hard Redskin fan it 'll work for you .
 There are no pockets on these stupid shorts ! I need pockets ... everyone does . What a waste . How hard would it be to sew in some pockets under armour ?
 I love the material of this short , its much bigger than normal S size to me but I can live with that , without any pockets drives me nuts . I have to carry my cell phone and keys all the time . When I go to the store , I got to carry my back pack for my keys and phones . I 'm 5.11 , not a short guy , but the short is as long as a skirt , I had no choice to buy a Small size still looking like wearing a skirt . I 'm not those basketball player slim giant .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I found it wanting to unhook from the strings . Then , it broke after a mere hour of playing ! I have read a mix of reviews on these with some players having similar experience as me and then some loving them .
 I ran this lube on my rode bike for couple of months -LRB- june july -RRB- . I followed the instructions and made sure my chain was completely clean before applying Pedro 's Ice Wax . I put it on , let it dry for the recomended 10 minutes.At first I thought it was great , everything ran smoothly , the chain stayed clean , just like it was supposed to . My first ride was only about 12 miles , and it was to work . The instructions say to reapply after every ride . I now realize this should have been a clue . I did not reapply for the trip home from work , being only 12 miles I thought it could just count as the same ride.On my way home I noticed that the chain just sounded dry , now granted this is a `` dry lube '' so I just figured that is how it is supposed to be . But just to be safe I was diligent about applying it after every ride regardless of the length and putting it on thick sometimes even twice . I tried many combinations of heavy and light applications.So here is the bottom line , I used this product per the instructions and the results are as follows.If you are riding less than 20 miles it works fine no problems.20-40 miles your chain starts to make noise like it 's getting stiff and your shifting begins to suffer.50-60 miles your chain begins to squeek and it sounds like your riding your grandmothers bike that has n't been lubed since 1960 . I rode a fair amount , nearly 500 miles during my trial period , I feel I gave this product a fair chance , I really tried to make it work , and I found it does , as long as you lube your chain every 20 miles.In my opinion this product is `` basura '' . -LRB- Spanish for garbage -RRB-
 I was very disappointed in this product . I found it wanting to unhook from the strings . Then , it broke after a mere hour of playing ! I have read a mix of reviews on these with some players having similar experience as me and then some loving them .
 This chair was very disappointing . It was uncomfortable -- the support bars dig into your back , the seat is too high . In addition , the buckles on the armrests that hold the thing together when folded were broken within the first few days of use . Save money -- order the lower beach chair model .
 The book contains much less information than you will find in your owner 's manual . Compared to the owner 's manual , the pictures in this book are larger , and this book lays flat , because it is spiral bound . You might want it for that reason . Otherwise , it is a great disappointment.The publisher 's advertisement -LRB- `` Our Disassembly & Reassembly Guides have -LRB- 16 -RRB- pages and cover a brief history , and complete disassembly , and reassembly of the firearm ... '' -RRB- is misleading . Important material is omitted from this ostensibly `` complete '' disassembly and reassembly guide :1 . The book ends with the disappointing statement that `` Most of the AR15 's reassembly is the reverse of the disassembly . The following are a few tips for reassembly . '' This is followed by five `` tips '' and one photograph that is neither captioned nor referred to in the main text . This photograph does not contribute to the instructions for reassembly . All it does is occupy 1/4 of the single page dedicated to the topic of reassembly . If a book 's subtitle and advertisement suggest the inclusion of reassembly instructions , then the book should include reassembly instructions ; not a statement that reassembly is the reverse of disassembly .2 . The owner of the rifle is usually not disassembling and reassembling a clean and properly lubricated rifle . The owner is usually diassembling a dirty rifle , cleaning and lubricating the parts , and then reassembling . Missing from this book are any details about how the parts should be lubricated during reassembly . Of course , the owner 's manual contains this information . Coincidentally , the owner 's manual also contains pretty much all the rest of the information you can find in this book -LRB- and the owner 's manual is generally free -RRB- .3 . This `` complete '' disassembly and reassembly guide `` does not cover removal of the barrel , gas tube , handguard snap rings , ejection port dust cover , safety , and forward assist . '' A statement to this effect can be found on page 13 of this 17 page guide . Too bad they did n't include this statement in the advertisement for the book.Essentially , you get less information than you could find in your owner 's manual about field stripping and partial detailed stripping of an AR-15 rifle . No information is given about inspection , troubleshooting , cleaning , or lubrication . Unless you count `` reassembly is the reverse of disassembly '' as `` complete '' instructions , there is n't much at all in this guide about reassembling your rifle . If you are interested in removing a component such as the barrel , gas tube , handguard , or even the ejection port dust cover , you will find nothing to help you here .
 Was n't what I expected . Small book obviously a photo copy . Blurry pictures , not much information . Would n't recommend for the price .
 This booklet was so basic I could have written it myself and I was looking for more information about AR dissassembly and repair . I just purchased an AR and had not messed with them since I carried an M-16 from 69-72 . I should have paid more attention to the on-line reviews and page count . The photographs are poor quality and I am sure I could have taken better shots with the old 2.1 Megapixel digital camera sitting in my desk . The the image quality may be more about the print quality which was bad . I have a history of developing catalogs , flyers , sales literature for sporting goods so I am a critic but this little book could have been so much more for the same price . Just because the price is low the quality need not be bad . My advice to the publisher of this &#34; Guide &#34; would be to make this low cost guide something they are proud of , not something to make a quick dollar and generate dissatisfied customers . I would pass on this little &#34; Guide &#34; that fails to guide you anywhere .
 I will have to agree with reviews from `` AZMRK '' and `` Roast Pork '' they BOTH sum up the product well.The booklet is nothing but photocopied pages and cheap binding . Information is very basic and basedon the `` Bushmaster XM15 E2S Rifle '' . The diagrams even say `` Image courtesy of Bushmaster Firearms , Inc. `` I would NOT RECOMMEND buying this product , spend a couple more bucks and buy something with a little more qualityand has more information . Not something that looks like it is copied from an Owners Manual.fyi , it is not your typical Amazon return , you will have to pay for the shipping back to the shipper , with only reimbursement for the cost of the item.So it is not cost effective to do so , so I ended up keeping it , unfortunately . : - -LRB-
 The content of this publication was basic but informative . The quality of the paper and the way it was stuffed in the box was very disappointing . The brochure was actually folded in half when I opened the box . Its evident the publisher is going to a Kinko 's and having this made . Spend an extra ten cents and laminate the front and bag page to help with durability . I would not recommend .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I found it wanting to unhook from the strings . Then , it broke after a mere hour of playing ! I have read a mix of reviews on these with some players having similar experience as me and then some loving them .
 This watch is not as solid as it looks . The bracelet is very fragile , and the whole watch does not seems to be tough enough for diving . Will not buy this brand anymore .
 I was a little disappointed . I was expecting something made with a little better quality metal . Luckilyy son loved it
 The watch quit working after 5 weeks . Not Happy at all . And when the company sayd it wants $ 20.00 to repair or to send back for a new battery that is no good .
 I realize this is a training weapon , so I was not expecting top quality , but still I was slightly disapointed at the quality of this item.The handle guard was loose upon opening the package . This is actually a major problem because the Kung Fu form I have for this weapon involves using the handle guard in such a way that it being loose interferes with the form . I fixed this by tying some rope right up against it on the lower side . It 's fine now , but I should not have had to do that.Also , the blade is much `` floppier '' than expected . It is more akin to a broad sword than what you would expect in a more power based weapon like this.I also noticed the blade is not continuously solid metal all the way down the handle . The handle appears to be made of two layers of metal with an open space between them . I have never seen a sword where this is the case . It 's an obvious `` money saving '' technique.I guess you get what you pay for , and for 50 dollars , you should n't expect much .
 I did n't think the blade would be as flexible as it was , but perhaps that 's my own fault -LRB- my intention was to find an actual nam dao that was not for performance , although i learned that 's harder to do than i originally thought -RRB- . The real problem with this item is that the quality is extremely low . I actually purchased this sword to be ready when I started learning the nam dao techniques from my sifu , but when that time came , I ended up using a Katana instead because the nam do was just not good for training . It MAY be good for performance , so that if anyone wants to train for a show this could be a good sword.The s-shaped guard is loose , it shakes when the sword moves . I treat my training tools and weapons with respect -LRB- if that even makes sense lol -RRB- , but in regards to this item , it is neither a weapon or a training tool , so it stays piled under junk on my floor , the same place it 's been since a week or so after I got it .
 The only reason I bought this is because I ca n't seem to find anything online that 's made with any quality . It appears to be made from stainless steel yet brand new out of the box parts of it are rusting . This could mean it 's simply coated or contaminated steel . The blade is bent -LRB- again brand new out of the box -RRB- . I bought this as a gift and after seeing it I 'm going to start looking for a better version after I throw this one in the garbage . I would never insult someone who practices Wushu by gifting this item . If anyone reading this can point me in the direction to get something of quality -LRB- obviously at a higher price -RRB- I would greatly appreciate it . I 'm not looking for crap below $ 100 which is all I can find on the internet .
 Let me start by at least giving this thing the only credit it deserves . It 's a beautiful weapon , and will more than likely always appear amazing if displayed in any martial art dojo or personal collection , but that 's seriously about all this thing has to offer is its appearance . After my first practice with this weapon , the blade began to loosen and became very wobbly . After a while I became too nervous that the head would fly off during practice so I quit using it . Sure enough there was something wrong with it , so I took it to a professional to have it repaired . He was able to fix it , but only until I practiced again and within minutes it was loose again . I 've taken it apart myself and the construction of this thing is pathetic . It 's your choice whether or not you want to try it out for the rediculous price , but I 'd advise to have a backup plan to use this as a decorative piece . Oh yeah , and I hope you 've been working out because the weight proportions of this weapon are all over the place .
 Work but it leaves the brass dull , I found out just using 50 % vinegar and water mixture and a couple of drops of dish detergent will do a lot better for a lower cost and you will not have to put up with harsh chemicals .
 Warm and waterproof , but the fit is a bit strange . Size of the stocking part is also odd , not all women who need a larger wader due to the size of their behind wears the same size shoe as bigfoot .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I found it wanting to unhook from the strings . Then , it broke after a mere hour of playing ! I have read a mix of reviews on these with some players having similar experience as me and then some loving them .
 Bought this for my husband 's birthday . I was appalled to find out , by reading the warning label , that it contains lead and can cause cancer , birth defects and reproductive problems . It also says to wash your hands after handling . I returned it but had to pay the return fee myself . Not feeling too warm and fuzzy about this purchase !
 Quality product as far as wire shielding or wire center conductor goes . Bending behind the connector will eventually end up as a short . The dielectric can not standup to repeated bends . the fix is reinforcing coax at the back of the connector . Use a few layers of electrical tape as I did or a couple layers of shrink tubing . After the fix was in place I have had no problem under daily use .
 Coax seemed OK but the coil had several kinks making it unuseable except for patch cords . Kinks destroy the characteristic cable impedance .
 Reading many reviews on that helmet and being a pro cyclist I placed that order.The helmet arrived late , I was already gone to Europe for a training camp for the all summer till sept , so a friend had to bring it to me.When I got it I was surprised to see it looked like a refurbished or used helmet with very bad manufacturing quality or an old stock , I am very disappointed but I 'm still in Europe and cant return it.i dont know if the problem is the helmet maker or the vendor
 Helmet came with velcro pads on forehead , but none on crown . Fits my head , but is uncomfortable to ride with plastic on my scalp .
 I paid extra to get the item early and did n't receive it when informed I would . I bought it for my father to wear for the game and did n't receive it till after the game which at that time was pointless . Moreover , to pay extra to get the t-shirt early and when I called I was not met with any type of courteousness . I was basically told `` oh well , Its not our fault '' . This leads me to never shop with amazon because I felt misled and taken !
 I purchased this cover to fit over a 460 cc driver . When I tried to put the cover on my driver , I could n't even get the head of the driver into the base of the cover . I decided to try it on an old 360 cc driver , and it took about 5 minutes to get the cover on , and have it stay upright on that driver.It may be fun to look at , but I returned it the next day .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it . I called Amazon , but even the customer representative was not sure the size . I bought the suit as he suggested , but it is too small .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it and I would not buy another bathing suit from Amazon as it cost me money to send it back .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it . I called Amazon , but even the customer representative was not sure the size . I bought the suit as he suggested , but it is too small .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it and I would not buy another bathing suit from Amazon as it cost me money to send it back .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it . I called Amazon , but even the customer representative was not sure the size . I bought the suit as he suggested , but it is too small .
 Suit was too small , not enough information available on the site for it and I would not buy another bathing suit from Amazon as it cost me money to send it back .
 This vest is made of extremely lightweight cotton which surely would not withstand much use . The one I ordered arrived with several seams open -LRB- fabric was n't cut properly -RRB- as well as thread from stitching not quite finished and hanging all over it . I could n't return it fast enough . Save your money - this vest is complete junk and probably cost all of $ 2.00 to manufacture.UPDATE
 This vest is made a very , very light weight -LRB- meaning thin -RRB- cotton . It is so thin that one of the snaps on the shoulder came right through the material when placed in the washing machine . I was very disappointed with the lack of ruggedness , cheap material and the look once washed .
 first day using it , snap ripped thru on back pocket.BAD DESIGN FLAWS1 . Shoulder applets are way to small to put my camera strap on and snap -LRB- and I have a narrow 1 &#34; inch strap -RRB- 2 . Snaps on back pocket are to few . It needs one more in the middle at least . Also the snap pulled thru the fabric the very first time I used it3 . Back pocket is to small ; to narrow and shortI wore very similar design from Banana Republic for over 10 years and loved it . This copy was n't done well at all .
 I would like to return it . this sentence is to use up the fourteen words required by your email message board .
 Beware. ; &#34; Heavy duty &#34; two way main zipper FAILURE after only 7 days . The main two-way zipper has very loose tolerances . Bottom zipper is almost impossible to align . Top zipper pulled off top stop .
 My cotton vest was heavier that I wanted so my wife gave me a gift of this product . Seams immediately frayed , zippers failed . Pathetic construction .
 Over the years I have probably owned and worn out 4 or 5 Travel Vests of varying manufacture . The one is at the bottom . I bought this after a trip to India wore out my last one . This vest was taken on one long trip to Peru and included a 10 day stint in the Amazon . After that it was only worn occasionally around town and now a short trip to the Delaware Bay . Right now two of the pockets are tearing out at the seams . Several of the small -LRB- seemingly useless ? -RRB- pockets sealed by Velcro can not even be opened as the Velcro has become so tight that it would take ripping the fabric . One of the front pockets has both a top opening and then a diagonal zipper along the front ? I have no idea why.Anyway the bottom line is that this vest is lousy quality and I 'm putting it out for the ` Alley People . ' I 'll buy another Columbia or Travel Smith , both of which have been good products in the past .
 Plenty of pockets and zips are good quality , but compared to my other safari vest the material is thin and it will not last more than a year of daily use . Also , the sizing is questionable , I normally take a large , but I reckon a medium would have been a better fit
 Was really excited when the vest arrived as it had all the pockets and storage spaces I imagined and that I could use in my photographic adventures . However , when I tried it on I could n't even button the front snap . USELESS . It was manufactured in the far east and the stated 2X would only fit either a slight woman or a small boy.Where 's American Made when you need it !
 good product , but purchased for my 6 year old grandson ; and it was too hard/heavy for his lacrosse stick . More appropriate for older players .
 2 complaints
 I had to replace the original wooden stock on my 870 recently and bought this set . The fit of the stock to the receiver was horrible . As a previous reviewer noted , there was a significant gap between the rear of the receiver and the the new stock when installed . I had to file down the new stock to create a reasonable fit . It 's still wide around the edges where the receiver meets the stock , but if I file that down , I 'll go right through the camo finish on the new stock . For something from the Remington brand , I would expect a better fit onto a Remington shotgun.Even though I did n't need it , I installed the new forend , as well . It went on fine , once I got the forend tube nut off and then on again . That was a small challenge .
 I bought this stand because I wanted to store my new bike safely and out of the way . After unboxing the product , I did n't know if I could trust this stand in our garage . Assembly and setup was quick and easy . However , I agree with a previous post that it 's not designed well to hold a second bike on the top position.My Wife has n't picked out a bike yet so it 's just been my bike on the bottom position on the stand . A month later , I came home from work and saw that the bike stand had fallen over ! Luckily , it had slid in a sideways manner and got caught on a shelf so my bike somehow stayed upright . I 'm relieved that the bike frame never touched the ground . I 'm very disappointed in this product , but I did have my suspicions when I received it.I was so skeptical of the product that I actually ordered the SportRack Universal 2 Bike Stacker from Amazon before the accident . However , the new stand was still in the box for a week because I did n't have time to assemble it before the old stand fell over = -LRB- If you value and care about your bike , do n't go with this pogo-stick design . Its small footprint is appealing , but not sturdy enough ... eventually , your bike will fall .
 This bike rack seemed like a great way to hang two bikes , but the top rack -LRB- on the upper bar -RRB- does not secure tight enough to hold a bike secure , it slides down . An expensive mistake .
 Do not order this product . It came defective twice . Both times none of the bottom nor top bracing brackets would screw in to the long pole . The first time it came extremely stripped and would not screw in . The product looked re-packaged and re-sent from a customer return the first time . The second time the bottom piece would not screw in making this item useless . What a hassle this was .
 Do n't buy this hangar for anything other than sheets and towels . The product is very poorly designed , and poorly constructed . First of all , you can not crank the the top and bottom screws tight enough to secure the rack , between the floor and ceiling , without bending the pole . In addition the pole comes in two sections with two differenct diameters - a small diameter chrome plated section that telescopes inside of a larger diameter painted piece , but the attachment cleats on the hangars can only be tightened over the larger diameter section , making the top section unusable . The weight of my bike was enough to rip the hangar off the chrome section , causing it to fall to the floor , even though I cranked the knob as tight as possible .
 All of the glowing reviews of this product would be accurate except for one thing - the hooks will not clamp onto one half of the pole . So effectively , this is a 1 bike hanger unless you have tiny bikes . The pole has two sections , a thick tube for one half , and a significantly thinner tube for the other half . The clamps will not even come close to holding on the thinner half . Both the pictures on this site , and the diagrams in the instructions show that you can clamp onto both halves , but this is NOT so . This issue is mentioned in one of the other reviews as well , and appears to be a design flaw rather than a manufacturing problem with the one I received .
 I was so excited to find this rack on amazon . I had seen ones similar but made from wood that were going for 5 times the price -LRB- they were handmade -RRB- . The package came quickly and was easy to assemble . But the the rack just does n't seem stable , I currently have two bikes on it and the top bike continues to slide down . Both bikes are very light road bikes , so I am not sure what would be the ideal bike for this flimsy rack ?
 did n't seem stable , and out mtn bike frame is angle , so did n't sit well in combo with straight bar bike . they got in eachoters way . returned . no problem
 Bought this chair a few months ago and it was holding up well . Until one day and when I was sitting in the chair it just collapsed , sending me onto the floor . When I looked behind both bolts in the back had broken off . Now I do n't weight all that much , I 'm around 180 . Logo Inc. needs to get stronger bolts or else this chair should only be used by kids with low weights .
 At first it was ok . But after half a year of regular -- not heavy -- road riding , I recently noticed a sag in one portion of the tire . So as the wheel goes around , I feel this periodic bump .
 I purchased this cover to fit over a 460 cc driver . When I tried to put the cover on my driver , I could n't even get the head of the driver into the base of the cover . I decided to try it on an old 360 cc driver , and it took about 5 minutes to get the cover on , and have it stay upright on that driver.It may be fun to look at , but I returned it the next day .
 * apparently been used -LRB- can tell from the watch leather belt -RRB- * the watch dial is not at the right place * good price , attractive watch , but should alert the buyer the condition of the watch .
 THIS FLASK WAS RETURNED BECAUSE I DID NOT KNOW YOU COULD LEAVE SPIRITS IN IT FOR ONLY A SHORT TIME .
 Was not too happy that within weeks it had started to fray on the handle . Would not recommend to buy . Waste of money
 The theory of this product is great , however , using it is a nightmare . I fight with the rachet everytime I attempt to use it since it is almost impossible to release . I should have looked more closely before wasting my money .
 I am a huge fan of Amazon and this review in no way reflects the level of service I have recieved from them . DO NOT BUY THIS HOLSTER IF YOU HAVE AN AMBEDEXTRIOUS SAFTY 1911 !!! I carry `` cocked and locked '' full time as an investigator . This holster is sturdy and typical Bianchi good quality BUT the way the thumb strap wraps around the rear of my Kimber Pro CDP II it causes the SAFETY TO CLICK OFF during normal wear . Enough said ! I gave this item a two star because it says its for 1911 style pistols ... well its not !
 This thing looks to be hacked out of a larger piece of foam by hand -LRB- by a 3rd grader -RRB- . It was supposed to have one end larger than the other , but both sides are pretty much equal . No surface is straight/smooth . The whole thing is lopsided . Very poorly made .
 I based my decision to purchase this DVD on 2 things :1 -RRB- . I read one person 's review of a different heavy bag training video , who suggested John Brown 's DVD instead . -LRB- There were no reviews of this video at the time of purchase . -RRB- 2 -RRB- . I looked at a few YouTube and Vimeo video 's of John Browns training sessions and liked what I saw.I felt John Brown had a broad knowledge base and a good personality , plus , he comes across as a very like-able guy.I did n't feel much of this , while watching this video.To begin with , I had to sit through about 13 minutes of John Brown promoting his various `` Ringside '' bags . For $ 15 , I 'd expect an average training video ; For John Brown to slap his name on something like this , I was expecting something a lot better . The other 22 minutes are spent showing how to hit different bags , not just the heavy bag . 1 former Olympian and 3 different amateur boxers are used to demonstrate this . Of the amateur boxers , one hit 's the bag decently , the other two just hit the bag . At times , you lose out on what John Brown was trying to teach for that particular session . You may get an idea or 2 to add to your training inventory , but the rest is just very basic . Again , I was expecting more as the title of the video implies ... with the operative word being `` Maximizing '' . One boxer , a late 90 's Olympian , really knows how to work the bag and I wish John Brown would have just used him throughout the entire video . Watching this former Olympian , it seems as though you would get a better understanding of form , footwork for the bag and how to hit the bag correctly.Reading about John Brown online and watching those online videos ... I believe John Brown is a blessing and valuable asset to the Boxing community . Unfornately , based on the content of this video , you should give this one a pass .
 I bought several of these watches to use with middle school track runners . I was really excited about the price and appearance of the watches . However , I 've used them twice and have already had two or three of the watches break . It seems that the pin that holds the metal bracket on the top band -LRB- the bracket for fastening the watch around the wrist -RRB- comes out of place exceptionally easily . If my kids catch all the parts , it 's no big deal to put it back together . But more than likely that small pin will fall to the ground to never be seen again , and now I am creating my own fastening system for the broken watches . I 'm really disappointed .
 Pros
 This bag arrived is such horrific condition . It was folded onto itself and was stuck together . My purchase was in December , so it could n't have been from the heat . The outside leather had scratched on it and looked completely warped and worn . Was it left in the rain at some point ? Also , the metal loops on the strap were covered in rust . I was extremely disappointed . This was supposed to be a holiday gift .
 Poor quality sewing on the straps has ruined this bag for me . I was pleased at first , but every handle has torn at the seam and the shoulder strap broke as well . Do not buy this if you plan to use it on a regular basis .
 The description says that these tips are new , and they are shown in a factory package . However , they arrived loose in a small zip lock bag . They did n't look worn , but I ordered them to be included in a Christmas present , so I would have preferred that they arrive as pictured . I was not at all happy .
 After attaching to a Rule panel switch the pump runs full time in the auto mode . It should only run went it senses resistance . Looking at returning pump .
 The pedals were very nice . But the bolt end was too big to fit where my pedals go . It is just a small bit too big . But wo n't fit .
 Pliers are average workmanship and in my opimion overpriced , even at the discounted price available via Amazon . The wire cutting part of the pliers are coarsly machined so the wire has to be in the sweet spot to be cut , otherwise it does n't . The crimping part is fine .
 I bought this just to see what the turbofire series would be like . For a $ 23 DVD you would think it would at least come in a plastic case , instead it came in a cheap cardboard sleeve . The actual workout was n't bad . I am not in great shape by any means . I play tennis a couple times a week and go on a treadmill or bike a couple times a week . I actually did not have difficulty keeping up with the video . The hardest part was learning the moves to keep up . It made me sweat which was good . There is a lot of jumping around so I would n't do this if you have knee problems . There is one woman who does the low impact version on stage , but her version looks too easy . You may as well not do this video if you ca n't do the full version . In any case $ 23 for 15 minutes of exercise and a 5 minute warm down is not good value when you have have something like Supreme 90 with 10 DVDs for $ 20 .
 Let me just start off by saying that you get completely ripped off on this product . This is basicall a free DVD that you get with another DVD Package -LRB- Assume the complete Turbo Fire Set -RRB- , it says right on the DVD Free 19.99 value . So I do n't know how they can be charging 23.99 for the product . If you are just trying to get a feel for the Turbo Fire workout , you better be in somewhat descent shape . Do n't expect to put this in your DVD player and hit the ground running , because you wo n't . You will probably winded after 10 minutes . I plan on sending it back , due to the misrepresnetation of the product by Amazon . Shame on you Amazon .
 It 's basically a continuous series of jumping and more jumping . Not what I expected after doing a turbo fire workout previously from a friend 's dvd series -LRB- loved that one -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 Although it says that it fits a tactical full size 45 , it does not because of the raised front sight to see over a suppressor when attached . I had to cut about a 3in . long gap for the USP Tactical 45 to fit . After that the Tactical 45 will fit it , and the holster does have a very good construction . If I do buy another HK I would just buy a blackhawk holster for a full size USP 45 . All and all after the modification that I made it works just fine .
 I am an intermediate club player in Los Angeles , this birdie last less than 1 game , if play softly it may last up to 1 game . It ca n't handle smash very well , all feathers tend to fall off after a few smashes , mine slowed down after a few hits , does n't fly as well . Few may tumble a bit , NOT ALL !!!! .
 After going through 2 cans of this shuttlecock , I liked the flight performance when new , but the durability is unacceptable . The feathers easily breaks after a few hard hits . You will need about 2-3 of them for just one game . Now , I only use them for warm-up practice . For game plays , I need to use something else . Sorry , but I would not buy this brand again !
 These birds are not very durable . OK for beginners but if you give them a hard whack , a feather or two fall off or get bent and that affects the flight path , making them pretty much unusable .
 I was very disappointed with the quality of this shuttlecock . It breaks after 1 or 2 shots and we consumed entire box for just one game . The quality is very very poor . One advice , just save your money and stay away from this brand .
 I am very disappointed with this tee . It broke the first day we used it and the rubber kept getting worse . I should have purchased the yellow one .
 After receiving this bucket for my dogs , never could get it to work . Tried numerous electrical outlets , but to no avail . To this date , have not received refund from company .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 This whistle is very high pitched , but not very loud . Purchased it at the same time I purchased a STORM whistle . The STORM is MUCH louder . If I had heard this whistle beforehand , I would not have purchased it .
 !!!!!! WARNING !!!!!!!! DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH LG OUTDOORS !!!!!! !!!!!! WARNING !!!!!!!! DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH `` LG OUTDOORS '' !!!!!!!!!!!! WARNING !!!!!!!! DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH `` LG OUTDOORS '' !!!!!!!!!!!! WARNING !!!!!!!! DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH `` LG OUTDOORS '' !!!!!!!!!!!! WARNING !!!!!!!! DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH `` LG OUTDOORS '' !!!!!!
 I 'll go against the tide of these reviews a little.This whistle is omnidirectional . It puts sound equally in all directions . That means , the one who 'll hear it loudest is YOU . It seems like it blows sound right back at you . The by-design ` beating ' or phasing action of the two barely-different notes -LRB- to replace the pea -RRB- does n't help the pain . I have this crazy idea that a whistle should project sound AWAY from you!Here are the whistle 's weak points . - It may be larger than is convenient for keychain -LRB- safety -RRB- carry . Smaller/flatter whistles are available . - Like I said , it 's nondirectional , so no one gets more of its whistle than you . - ... Therefore , it not safe to the user , and is n't safety the main point ? I ca n't believe most reviewers are n't mentioning hearing protection ; I believe it 's necessary for use in anything other than an emergency -- and that to me is a bad design . Long-term use -LRB- like a referee , especially indoors -RRB- would IMO be stupid . Then again , it is sold as a safety whistle . When I wanted to hear test it , I learned quickly to clasp my hands over my ears . If you have to hold it with one hand -LRB- if it 's on a heavy keychain -RRB- , you 'll need to use your shoulder to close off one ear . That 's my biggest issue with it . `` Safety '' , my eye . So , refs have the glorious options of wearing earplugs and looking like a dork but setting a good example , plugging their ears every time they use it , or slowly but permanently damaging their upper registers of hearing over time . `` Eh ? '' Unlike guns , this one impacts both ears equally . So you wo n't be left with a `` good ear '' . - The omnidirectionality will actually reduce its relative volume to the person you 're blowing `` at '' . Also makes it difficult for others to tell who you 're whistling at . - The whistle takes a disappointingly large amount of air to blow loudly -LRB- or to even get it to make a whistling noise -RRB- . There is hardly any resistance to your lungs . I was expecting to be able to really puff down on the thing , and work up some pressure . Nope . IOW , it is not `` efficient '' . Yes , it 's loud , but it takes a lot of air to get it there . I 'm sure many people make short bursts effectively , but I think it 'd be easier to tongue a staccato if there were more resistance.Here are the strong points . - It is actually well-made . Yes , it 's plastic , but there 's good and bad plastic . This is good stuff . I know , because I carried it on my keychain for years . The plastic bead the keychain loops through never broke . It 's worn , and looks like it could break anytime -LRB- retired now -RRB- , but the thing is still going . I had numerous other keychain items break at the joint , including coin cell flashlights . That 's more of an honor than one might expect , knowing my keychain before I `` culled '' it . - The phasing / `` beating '' sound , which replaces the `` pea '' of traditional whistles , is a unique effect , if not irritating to the ears -LRB- especially to your own -RRB- . - It 's almost disappointingly lightweight/lacking in heft . This is a good thing , as its levity betrays its good build quality . - It 's cheaper than some other high-end whistles . - I think mine was made in USA , but I got mine years ago ; could be `` Free Traded '' now.I 'm looking for a smaller -LRB- flatter -RRB- , more directional , easier-to-blow whistle . Any suggestions , especially from those who 've tried this ? I saw an orange house brand `` Tri Whistle '' on REI 's website , flatter , has 3 air outputs/phase beats vs 2 , and made in USA ; but has a cork pea , is fluorescent orange , and still hurts radiates sound at you . My use would be emergency -LRB- keychain everday carry or wilderness -RRB- , not sports . If Fox makes a directional version of this , someone let me know ? Or ... Fox , make a directional version of this ?
 sorry , but this whistle just does n't cut it for me ... it does n't have that same satisfying whistle sound I grew up with ... will it do the job , of course ... it 's comfortable in the mouth ... but , I just do n't like the way it sounds ...
 I have to say I was shocked at how bad this whistle is . I mean , how could it be worse than the $ 1.50 one at the toy store ? It says it is `` pealess '' , which I think means it has no ball in it and so does n't have the familiar trilling sound of a referee 's whistle . That is fine -- I just wanted a loud whistle for emergency use . As the other reviewer said , this is high pitched but not loud , and you have to blow really hard to even get a decent sound out of it . Highly unrecommended .
 I 'd noticed other reviews of exercise tubing in which some folks got the stated length but not as a single piece . This company is also apparently doing the same . I was hoping to get the 25 feet as a single piece , not as the 11 and 16 feet chunks I got -LRB- and I do n't consider getting a bit ` extra ' any bonus -RRB- . If you order 100 ft ... what do you get ten 10foot pieces . Not completely truthful in my opinion .
 This product is mislabled , The exta heavy should come as a black band not blue . I made an order for heavy bands -LRB- blue -RRB- and also for extra heavy bands -LRB- black -RRB- . But what I got were 2 boxes of blue bands both the same strength .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 This is 1 item I returned . I was not happy with the quality of this product at all . It was very light weight and thin and did not lay nice on floor . Would not recommend for anyone to purchase this . I had purchased it for my son 's bedroom but was not happy with it at all .
 I purchased these exact gloves ... 3 -LRB- 1 hour classes -RRB- uses later the seem blewout ! I took them back to the sporting goods store I bought them for an exchange , went back to the section , removed another pair from the box , tugged in the area I had issues with and SURE ENOUGH ... . APART CAME THE SEAM!I do reccomend the style ... just not the brand !!!!
 I purchased the Valeo GLBW Women 's Leather Bag Gloves with Wristswrap . These gloves are made of a very inferior grade of leather . I have only worn and used these glove twice and the leather is already peeling off . I can see the padding on one glove . I thought leather was suppose to be more durable . I would return them , but I have tried returning an item to Amazon.com before and I usually end up with nothing after all of the deductions . I am going the seriously rethink what I buy from Amazon.com in the future . If I am going to be stuck with a product , I would like it to last beyond 2 uses .
 I got these for my wife months ago along with an 80lb . Everlast bag . She has used these a few times and each time her hands end up sore and bruised on the outer part of her hand . The gloves fit well so it is n't that they are the wrong size . The gloves are just not right for her . Going to try a better brand .
 I ordered these gloves but never received them . There was no way to contact the seller when my tracking number revealed the gloves had left for delivery but were never scanned again . I could only talk with Amazon themselves and was told that I had to wait 14 days after the estimated delivery date , before Amazon could refund my money or have another pair of gloves sent out . If the seller could have been contacted directly maybe this would have been handled better .
 I paid a totaly of $ 13.50 for these -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . Without shipping they were about $ 7 . that would be $ 3.50 a gun . Cheap right ? They work just fine , and come with BBs . Perfect for someone just starting out . If you already own a gun get something alittle more exensive .
 yes the seller i just bought the guns from shipped me the wrong item . There is no way these guns could have been mistaken from the ones odered . Besides the wrong guns coming , everything else was perfect the guns are in great condition and the order arrived very very quick .
 The product description and product photo are for the 3.5 mm red wrench . The product name says it is the black wrench.The black wrench that I received does not fit any of the Trek or Specialized bikes my family has . This wrench is too small .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 First , the picture provided by Amazon is not what will arrive at your door . Once you get past the fact that the pump arrives from Amazon in a bike box -LRB- yes a bike box -RRB- you will see that the latest version does not have wooden handles , the guage is located at the top of the barrel , and the pump essentially no longer has a classical design . And second , the connector is very difficlut to use . Either Pedro 's overthought the design or I just did not understand how to use it , but without instructions , I had difficulty getting it to work properly and simply went back to my older more simpler floor pump . Again , this could be a issue with me and not the product .
 Horseshoes are fine but wooden box was warped and unusable . This is a big problem as the horseshoes are heavy and need a sturdy container .
 I received the rod case with the bottom broken during shipment . Got a new replacement from Plano with just a phone call very easy and free . Rod case was too large once rods were inside much larger than I could handle in a small car .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Pedro 's Prestige Floor Pump that I just received has the same part number
 this product pumps air into tires very well , however , when using it with presta valves , it is impossible to pull it off of the valve once you fill your tire ! I have sacrificed three tubes as I was n't able to take the nozzle off of the valve without ripping the stem off of my tube ! I do n't recommend this product . However , if you are planning to use with schrader valves , there is no problem removing the nozzle from the valve once you inflate the tire .
 I ordered these sheets from another website . The quality is soooo poor . First of all , the sheets say `` Go Team Go '' instead of the team name so the only thing specific to the team is the pillowcase . They are very thin jersey fabric -- like an undershirt . You can see straight through them . The so-called `` fitted '' sheet does not fit the mattress . They come off the bed when my son sleeps on them . They come out of the dryer a wrinkled mess . I recommend you buy a better quality plain white sheet and just get some team shams . I wish I had ...
 I paid more than average for these sheets because they were advertised as `` Made in USA . '' When I received the sheets , they were made in Pakistan . I did not order these to help out Pakistan but to help out American workers ! Very disappointing !
 I purchased 3 of the white ones and they smell like machine oil . Washed them once and they still smell like oil . Not worth the shipping to get an RMA and return them .
 Well , I did receive the sweatbands and they look like the ones in the pic . As far as the brand is concerned , it is not a GoGo product . The packaging had a logo that said H&ouml;ter Sweatbands . Had a website on it that was
 Got this very quickly , i was a bit disappointed , it was wider than i thought it would be ... wish they could make these things thinner . . other than that the quality was great .
 i know these sweatbands are not very expensive but they sure are n't very absorbant either . I still had sweat running down my face from my head when wearing these bands ... I guess you get what you pay for .
 I ride a bike indoors during the winter months . I wear a sweat band in an attempt to cut down on the sweat dripping onto my bike and the floor . I purchased three of these and have found them lacking in absorbency . I have other bands purchased from a different manufacturer and can ride a good 20 miles before the band is saturated . These bands barley make it 5 miles before the sweat is dripping from my forehead . They are comfortable and fit well , but their ability to hold moisture is severely lacking .
 These headbands are not very absorbent , contrary to what other reviews led me to believe . I have to go through about 3 just for a one hour tennis match . I have other headbands from Unique Sports that are much more absorbent -LRB- 1 per match -RRB- . Those are more expensive , but now I think well worth it , given the comparison with the GOGO ones .
 Nice and wide but the diameter is too small for an adult head . Might be good for a child except that the width might be too wide for a child .
 Hunh , the very first review I read on these said that she had a 7 & 1/2 hat size & was n't too tight or too loose.My hat size runs from 7 & 1/2 to 7 & 3/4 depend on the style & brand of hat . Within a few seconds of wearing them I could feel the blood throbbing trying to circulate , and headache started immediately after . After about 4 days of hanging it on awooden chair and resting my arm in it strecthing it out for a hour or so a day , it finally does n't seem quite so tight . Now six more to go . If you have a large head , be warned !
 I hate these terry cloth headbands and I bought four of them . While I 'm doing my skincare routine on my face , I use these to keep my bangs and my hair dry and moisturizer free . I wear these headbands for ten minutes , and that 's pushing it . They are WAY too tight and downright painful . And yes , I stretched them out before even using them and they still hurt ! And what is up with the shedding ? Bits of blue , or purple or green terry cloth everywhere ! These things shed like crazy ! On the bathroom sink , in the sink , on the floor , on the bathmat , on my clothes , in my hair . Its ridiculous ! I have another terry cloth headband and I 've had that thing for years and its never shed , not from day one . And before I ever used it , I also stretched it out , many times , and it never shed . These headbands are garbage and I 'm sorry I bought them . Skip 'em .
 This headband and the Hoter seem to be identical - same manufacturer ? I ordered both to compare . Both had a strange , strong , offensive chemical odor right out of the package . Tried washing several times but the chemical odor remained . I do not need some strange chemical leaching into my forehead as I sweat . Needless to say they went into the garbage . I ordered the Wilson and it was fine .
 It ripped a little bit on the inside in no time at all . I 'd look else where for a headband .
 Put it on to find it 's way too tight . My head is not especially big , but I ca n't tolerate tight sqeeze or I get a headache pretty fast . Seem very well made , but unfortunately I ca n't use them : -LRB-
 This is a well made product and it fits my daughter fine , but not me . Granted , my head is fairly large , but I ca n't wear this without getting a headache . If you have a big head , look elsewhere . Small head ? Go for it .
 The headbands are of good quality but I was incredibly disappointed with the shipping.I placed the order 5 weeks before I needed the product , and the shipping was supposed to take 5-10 business days . I complained and brought up the fact that I needed them for one weekend tournament only and I was assured they will arrive in time . Finally , they were delivered the Monday after our tournament - so disappointing and such a waste of money and time . I was refunded the S&H ; portion , but I 'm still very bitter . Keep in mind , I live in Canada and they shipping had to go through customs , but there was never any warning of late delivery .
 I was going to order six of these at $ 1.29 each and the total with shipping came to just under $ 29.00 !!! Are you kidding me ? It should have been more like $ 11 total . Rather defeated the purpose . No sale . Deleted from cart . I do n't need to deal with crooked companies and bait and switch tactics .
 I have a small head and this is very tight . I 've been trying to stretch it out , but no luck yet . Will keep trying , but avoid unless you have an extremely small head or are shopping for a youth .
 I bought three of them . The bands are of high quality . Very thick . And they do n't lose elasticity . In other words , unlike other bands , these will not become too big . The problem is , these bands are TOO SMALL . I 'm only 5 ft tall . I do n't have a gigantic head . But these bands are awfully tight for me . Due to their short length , the bottom of them rests about half way on the back of my head , and pulls my hair very high . So I look awful from the side . If the bands were longer , they would not pull my hair that high , yet they would still pull away my hair to allow my neck to cool off . That would be perfect.I have tried everything to stretch the bands , e.g. , put them in the drier , wrap them around a drawer , So far I have only been able to stretch an inch.Maybe they are supposed to be wore around the head like a ring . But that does not allow ventilation on the neck . How much I wish they could be two inches longer . I would buy a dozen of them then .
 I purchased this to wear but its too tight . So maybe I am untrained in making a right purchase . The product itself arrived on time as promised . Quality is good . But either its too tight or my head is to big . Since this was my first time buying one I believe its my lack of knowledge .
 Unfortunately , this item was too tight for my big head . The frame width of my current glasses is 133cm just to give you an idea .
 These are high quality headbands , which appear to be well made from good material . Here is the issue ; as everyone else wrote , they are toooooo small . I wore it today under my bike helmet and by the time I got home I had a headache . Other people wrote the same thing , but I ignored it and now I have 5 headbands I will probably never use . To be fair the are very inexpensive , but I would have paid another ten cents to make them a little bigger . I fear if I wash them they will get even smaller , but at least then I could use them as wristbands.If your hat size is over a 6 I would not recommend this item .
 I got a couple of them just because they were priced well . I have an average to large head and they are too tight . . pretty much to the point of pain . So I did what everybody else with similar complaints did and attempted to stretch them a bit . . still too snug . To top things off they have this strong odor of gun oil , which might not be a complaint for some of us ; -RRB- I 've washed them , stretched them , and done everything but beat them with a hammer and just ca n't use them as headbands . HOWEVER , I made the best out of the situation and use them around my neck as a makeshift turtleneck while mountain biking in the winter . I suppose these are amazing for people with medium to average heads , but for us big headed people . . keep looking !
 They say sixty-five cents to mail it.For Alaska and Hawaii they add twenty-five dollars more to the bill.Since postage is the same , this is a straight rip off.Beware .
 These are high quality headbands , which appear to be well made from good material . Here is the issue ; as everyone else wrote , they are toooooo small . I wore it today under my bike helmet and by the time I got home I had a headache . Other people wrote the same thing , but I ignored it and now I have 5 headbands I will probably never use . To be fair the are very inexpensive , but I would have paid another ten cents to make them a little bigger . I fear if I wash them they will get even smaller , but at least then I could use them as wristbands.If your hat size is over a 6 I would not recommend this item .
 I bought the stove for my friend flying trip to AustraliaAnd after he flew , he opened it and saw that it had the bottleIt came without the bottle and it angered meI wrote an email to the Company and not for commentIn summaryWhat helps me stove without bottle
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Perhaps it is mentioned somewhere in the product description , but I was expecting a water-proof chart and not a giclee reproduction , which is very not water-proof . The chart is also printed on a thicker water-color style paper , which does n't allow for lamination or folding for use a vessel without a navigation station .
 it is a flashing pen . But it is very important , that you do n't open your pen , and other thing is that you must to be sure that you can get refills on your city . To me it was very difficult to find them . The pen that I buyed I 've trashed out a lot time ago .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 This was a sad joke . First of all you do not get a set of two , you get one . Second , they are not night lights . They are a cheap little trinket that are clearly labeled musical novelty snowman . They play a piercing and tinny version of Jingle Bells and have a changing color light in them . They would be a hit at any dollar store . I sent them all back . Do n't buy !!
 The frame is the only thing aluminum . The handlebars , pedals , and even the fenders have begun to rust in only 3 months .
 While I was amazed to find that I was sent the right COLOR and SIZE , I was not too happy to find that the inside of the waist band WAS NOT covered in cloth and that the elastic pinched and rubbed . Not too good of a sensation .
 The product did not work and I received a full refund.thank You.Walter Weeks
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Ball cage and stand were sturdy , however , you had to put the balls in the cage one at a time . . . a little time consuming . It would have been a better design if they had thought it through and had a little cage door on it . ALSO - the biggest frustration was if you did n't catch the balls as they rolled out of the cage they were all over the place . We spent more time setting up and chasing balls than playing the game ! Even when raising the end so there was not so much of slope , the balls would bounce off the sides , out the front etc. . . It went back to the store in a hurry !
 Bought this as a birthday present . The set we got was missing a peg at the base of the cage holder . We exchange it for another set . The second set did not have the ball cage securely fastened to the base . Not a big deal and could be fixed with a screwdriver.Then we found out that you had to insert the ball into the cage one at a time . That 's 75 balls inserted one by one . What in the world were they thinking?Construction is terrible . Design is terrible . Buyer beware .
 When the merchandise arrived , there was a box which contained the bingo game box . The `` Bingo Set '' box contained a `` Bingo Wheel Assembly '' instruction sheet indicating that assembly was required , however , oddly , the `` bingo wheel cage '' was already assembled and loose in the box ! -LRB- no packing material or packaging whatsoever -RRB- . The bingo number balls were scattered in the bottom of the box , loose . The cage was cracked in several places and a piece of the handle was broken . I did not return it because we needed it the day it was received and did not have enough time to replace it .
 It took a very long time to receive item , when I did get grip I used hair dryer to help install it to a glock 23 and it ripped ! I would not recommend
 It 's an FSU hat . Being a Gator fan it pained me to purchase this hat . Alas , it was a gift for someone we love , so it had to be done . I can report the hat was very well constructed and was very appreciated -LRB- gag ! -RRB- . LOL ! Hope this helps !
 I purchased head & wrist bands in the hope that they would compare to the Nike bands . There is no comparison . These bands fit tight , and I find myself pulling on them as I run . Also , they are not super absorbent . I think these would be best for show , to color up an outfit maybe . They are not for the serious athelete who is looking to soak up sweat .
 I bought this set of wristbands because I was looking for one that was longer than the typical band . After searching through all the items on Amazon , this one had the best price of all the `` long '' wrist bands being offered . When they arrived , of course , it was just a standard wrist band -LRB- about 3 inches -RRB- instead of what 's shown on the picture . The thickness was fine , and it would be an OK wrist band if I were looking for just a standard item . Coming back to Amazon , I now see that all the images have been photoshopped to make the wrist band look longer than it actually is . If you look closely , you can see the line where each item is made to look about 50 % longer than reality - not even a very good photo manipulation once you look at it . Lesson learned - do n't believe your eyes when shopping online -LRB- the description never claims to be a long wristband -RRB- !
 I ordered this item , thinking it was a pair . When I received it and realized my error , I ordered another of the exact same item . When I got it , I found that it was half an inch wider -LRB- so not the same fit around the wrist -RRB- than the first , a different shade of color , and the pile seemed thinner and flattened.Now I 'm ordering a pair from a different company . Hopefully the higher price indicates better quality .
 I ordered from these folks directly , ordering the `` extra thick '' 100 % cotton bands instead of the blend , and was sent the blend ones instead , even though the packing sheet that came with the items clearly indicated the item number for the `` extra thick '' bands . All attempts to contact their Customer Service have been unsuccessful , so I 'm stuck with the blend bands -LRB- which are decent , especially for the price as compared with the stuff sold in your typical department or sporting goods store -RRB- . You 're welcome to take your chances , but I 'm planning to look elsewhere in the future .
 the wristband has very poor quality . i hate it , but just do n't bother to return . I wo n't recommend it to anyone .
 Strings starteed coming out on my first run . My face was dark with all the stuff that came out . My friend said I looked like a fireman that was just in fire ...
 the bands are the smaller size , basic sweatbands , more useful for props than anything . they are cheap $ for a reason , but they should accomplish whatever you need them to do , except absorb sweat or fit over a watch . not viable for wrestling officials or competition , but they are viable for everything else .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 The Tri-Flow Superior Lubricant may be `` superior '' but the product arrived broken so I had no way of testing it
 I bought it for my bike sometimes it has strange noise in chain and other parts , but when u use it . it does n't stop sound of noise : \
 While I was amazed to find that I was sent the right COLOR and SIZE , I was not too happy to find that the inside of the waist band WAS NOT covered in cloth and that the elastic pinched and rubbed . Not too good of a sensation .
 While I was amazed to find that I was sent the right COLOR and SIZE , I was not too happy to find that the inside of the waist band WAS NOT covered in cloth and that the elastic pinched and rubbed . Not too good of a sensation .
 You can buy brand new 20 feet climbing sticks from sportsman guide for only 35.00 and thats their regular price all the time . All theses others listed here is not worth the money . Shop sportsman Guide !
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Be careful when ordering this item . Although the title implies it is only bulbs , the description describes the entire unit . It is very misleading . Why describe the entire unit and show the entire unit when what is being sold is merely a bulb ?
 Money gone , no ball . Therefore I can not give it a good review . Hope your experience is better . The product itself may be worthy of more than one star . I do n't know personaly .
 I ordered this blue shirt -LRB- small -RRB- for my 3 yr old , and it failed within a few wearings . The company did immediately replace it at their cost but that one too has failed . I also ordered the black shirt -LRB- medium -RRB- too for my 6 yr old and that has just started to fail now after 3 months . We do not swim every day so I was pretty disappointed .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 We bought 2 sets one set for my wife and other for me . They are a bit pricey considering what they are made from . Also the grip on 1 of the sets slides back and forth creating a jarring of the wrist as you move from back to forward motion and then back . The other set does not have this problem . I wonder if with time the second set will develop this same problem . I used a different brand at the Y before we moved and they seemed better quality .
 This stinks ! I ordered a pair and got 1 dumbBell . What use is that ?
 Contrary to the product description and what other reviewers have said , these are cheap pieces of polyurethane foam stuck on opposite ends of PVC pipe . They are cheap , cheap , cheap . I returned mine and got something 10x better at our local pool store for the same price .
 Not what I expected too light does not really do anything Have tried other light hand bars and you get a good workout but not with these onesPat Deluca
 The gloves are warm , but are kind of uncomfortable . I bought them so I can keep my hands warm while driving . They do they job well.If you look for better quality and can afford it , then buy the Eddie Bauer leather gloves . They are far superior .
 I just wanted a cheap little red dot to go with either my Ruger Mark III or my Sig 522 . I was real excited when I got this from Amazon . The red dot was crisp and bright . You can even see it in the daylight . But that 's the only positive . Apparently , recoil from a .22 LR is too much recoil for this sight to handle . It simply will not hold zero . I spent 2 hours at the range trying to dial down the zero on this thing at 25 yards . First it was 4 inches to the left . Click click click click . Fire off 3 rounds . Now it 's 2 inches . Clickety click click clik . Now I 'm right on zero . I 'm happy . I proceed to fire off about a dozen rounds . I 'm 2 inches left again . Weird . Out comes the screwdriver . Click click click . Fire off some rounds . Back to zero . I fire off another 3 rounds . Now it 's shooting an inch right . Now , I do have experience zeroing optical sights . This is n't my first rodeo . I zero 'd my Eotech with just 6 rounds in the same session and it held zero perfectly . So frustrated . If it held zero it 'd be awesome . Unfortunately , I had this sitting in my garage for a few months because I was lazy and did n't mount it . Now I have to send it back to Tasco instead of Amazon .
 This product states it is for guns up to 357 Magnum . I have this mounted to a Ruger GP100 and the dot drifts from shot to shot , primarily down and right -LRB- causing POI to go up and left -RRB- . This happens even with mild 38 loads . As a test I used a bore laser sight and set it , then bumped the scope with my hand like it might during firing . The scope is solid on the mount , but sure enough the dot moves from zero . Maybe I got a bad one , but fortunately its only $ 30 wasted . Its too bad , it seems like a decent scope if it worked . Maybe on an airgun or 22 it would be fine .
 The parallax correction on this sight is pretty awful . If you do n't center the dot perfectly , the POA changes quite drastically . This sort of defeats the purpose of a red dot sight .
 At $ 30.00 you get what you pay for . It 's a crap shoot as to what quality you get . Mine works O.K. just wo n't hold zero on my 22LR , also one mounting screw or nut stripped out first time -LRB- with very little effort -RRB- mounting the scope . I 'm going to try to contact Tasco customer service and see if I can get a couple more sets .
 Not to say others might be better , but my sight was defective from the box it seemed . I was unable to sight the dot due the elevation not changing when turned . It was on the other hand very simple to install and felt solid overall . For the portion that did work , I will give it 2 stars .
 Another &#34; great idea &#34; that just did n't pan out.I bought two , one came defective.but the warranty requires a cost of shipping that costs more than the product.The one that does work is a nifty enough idea , but in all reality I took it off and put my cheap scope back on .
 It came with a broke piece which holds the battery in place and seems to be of cheap construction , which probably explains the cheap price ! Buy a better one if you expect it to last .
 I bought this because I have an older one on my 357 Mag and it 's been rock solid . Nothing as cheesy like this new one.I received my new one it wrapped in cardboard without any packing . I went to mount it on my AK and the hardware was tweaked . The mounting system for it is pretty flimsy and stripped out easily . I could n't get it tight enough on the rail without the retainer nuts giving out . You get what you pay for and with this , it will be crap . I tried the UTG Red/green dot , but it could n't take the recoil of the rifle and give it up after only 50 rounds . The dot was intermittent after that ... back to searching for something better . Stay away from this Tasco , it 's not like the old ones at all .
 Nice Red Dot however when I searched for a Red Dot for my AR-15 this one came up . It failed to state the Red dot sits below the forward fixed sight and can not be used without a riser . Another $ 10.00 , wasted time and ammo .
 The first three fish I enthusiastically spotted and photographed underwater either were n't on the card or could n't be recognized and it proceeded in similar fashion from there -- and whereas it is perhaps fine for those who already suspect they know what they have seen , it certainly is not a serious reference due to missing species and stages of development and not so accurate pictures . We found we could get a great little waterproof book in a Belize bookstore for a portion of the money as this one card -- and it had ALL the fish and more . Maybe a TWO card edition would be able to present the subject more thoroughly . The card form would definitely be practical .
 The gloves are warm , but are kind of uncomfortable . I bought them so I can keep my hands warm while driving . They do they job well.If you look for better quality and can afford it , then buy the Eddie Bauer leather gloves . They are far superior .
 The item was a glorified clear trash bag incapable of being sealed . The ink printing on the bag came off staining my hands and rifle . I would stay away from this product altogether . I would recommend buying from Amazon directly one of their many excellent gun socks .
 was shiped in a timely manner but it only holds +1 .40 cal , dont know about 9mm but if current size were relevant then id guess it would only hold +2 9mm , also dinged another star for overall design . to remove it you have to &#34; snap &#34; it off by pushing in the button with a punch , sliding the plate back and applying either left or right ward pressure until it snaps off . when a g 22 15rd mag with this base plate installed is compared to a glock .40 cal 22round factory mag , the 22 round mag is only about 1/2 inch longer . save your money and order a glock 22 round factory mag if you can get them , other wise 16rds is better than 15 .
 I loved the look of these gloves -- but they did n't hold up at all . Wore them maybe 5 times for lifting , and they came apart on the back of the glove where the colored part meets the black . Too bad , because they are really cute !
 I bought these gloves , after reading the reviews , thinking it would be a great deal . I was SO wrong , I have worn them all of three times , they are already coming apart at the seams at the wrist and on the fingers . I was so disappointed because they are so cute and fit well . I would suggest if you are a serious lifter , look for a better quality glove .
 These gloves were a bargain , and now I know why . The cheap material hurts my hands rather than cushions them while I 'm lifting weights . I 'll probably trade up for a higher quality pair .
 I have worn these gloves 2x a week for about a month and they are already ripping . Would not buy again .
 What can I expect for so little money . Cheaply made . Good fit and like color but I would not buy another pair .
 I ordered these sheets from another website . The quality is soooo poor . First of all , the sheets say `` Go Team Go '' instead of the team name so the only thing specific to the team is the pillowcase . They are very thin jersey fabric -- like an undershirt . You can see straight through them . The so-called `` fitted '' sheet does not fit the mattress . They come off the bed when my son sleeps on them . They come out of the dryer a wrinkled mess . I recommend you buy a better quality plain white sheet and just get some team shams . I wish I had ...
 I paid more than average for these sheets because they were advertised as `` Made in USA . '' When I received the sheets , they were made in Pakistan . I did not order these to help out Pakistan but to help out American workers ! Very disappointing !
 These helmets are way too small for the sizing . Had to send back without using so ca n't comment on quality .
 Cool looking helmet , quality look and feel ; however , the base where the screws that hold the visor is weak . Two screw became loosened within days of use . I tried to tighten , but the nut inside of the helmet kept turning and there is no way of holding it down .
 Nice shirts , nice quality , order 1 size larger , they run small .
 I may not have read the description accurately , but I did not know these glasses were plastic until they arrived . Very disappointing and over priced .
 I bought two of these for my young boys . They just tip over too easily and make for a very frustrating day on the snowy hill in our backyard . Even if you pull the child carefully , up or downhill , the toy tips over sideways - a real waste of money and a lot of snow in the face .
 Does n't clean as well as a standard brass brush and it is not a 5 pack as the description says .
 The item is clearly listed as a 5pk and big edge sports only ships 1 brush . Amazon made it good by refunding all my money and told me to keep the one that was delivered .
 Not a good product at all . it shuffles ... but its very uneven and likes to grab lots of cards from each side when it works . We are playing a card game that has alot of cards so its hard to shuffle by hand . i tried mixing a new deck with the old and noticed it was very uneven , giving a few from the old deck , then 10 from the new deck , then 7 from the old deck , and then 1 from the new ... and so on . bad quality all around . i found that moving the cards around in the top tray can help , but not enough . i 'm going to look for different shuffler now .
 We used this 3-4 times a month for just over a year and were happy with it . Unfortunately , it died and replacing the batteries did n't get it going . We 're disappointed it did n't last any longer .
 Bought 2 for my 80 year old parents . When working , they were okay . Nothing special , but did the job . Within a few months both of them broke . I used the parts of one to fix the other . That one lasted another few months then broke . Between the 2 they lasted a total of 15 months . Very poor quality . I will look for a different brand .
 Second one we ordered , gave the last one away . This arrived as promised , packaging was in good order . However when we took it out of the box it was broken . The clear card slide had a big crack in it and one of the guides was busted off . We went ahead and put batteries in it and tried to shuffle several decks of cards . They would not shuffle . It was as if something was missing . Contacted Amazon and set up a return . Will get another one soon and hopefully it works better than this one .
 I ordered 3 shufflers , two for gifts and one for replacement of one I own . Two of them are so slow , they 're useless -LRB- no matter how fresh the batteries -RRB- . Now I find out return window ended Jan. 31 -- they were Christmas presents . Give me a break !
 When I got the shuffler , I put batteries in and went to play cards with some friends . We loaded the cards , and only one side of the shuffler worked . So I returned it . I will have to go thru the hassle of getting another one . Hopefully , the next one works .
 This is the second one I have purchased . They seem to work for a few weeks and then either one side does n't work or they do n't work at all . I have several friends who have purchased one also -LRB- we play a card game using 6 decks -RRB- and they have the same problem .
 very disappointed in the quality of this `` automatic '' card shuffler . Did not work on the right side from the get go and does not handle 6 decks well at all.WOuld return it if it was n't such a hastle . Poor quality workmanship in the `` automatic '' shuffler .
 This product is advertised as a six deck card shuffler . We find if we use 5 decks , the little wheels have a hard time and stop working . We have returned two . If we only put part of the decks in the shuffler , it works fine .
 I have had this shuffler for just over 30 days and have gone through 4 sets of `` C '' batteries which are anything but cheap . Would not recommend !!!!!
 Length :
 I ordered 3 of these for friends . One did not shuffle at all . As of today , one has not been tested and one worked .
 I ordered this for my elderly parents . Unfortunately , they never got to use it . It arrived with a spring unattached . Too bad it was defective . It went back right away .
 Shuffler did not work the first time I tried to use it . Took it out of the box . Tried 2 different sets of batteries . Would not do anything . Unfortunately past the window to return it so will either have to eat the cost or pay to send it back and try again . Unfortunately zero stars was not an option ...
 have sent it back . It shuffles card . they got stuck and flipped over about every 10 card . They fell out before done . It did n't work right at all . The box the shuffler was it was all broken so I believe it was a used one probably someone else sent back . I will never use this site again to get anything as it cost me money to send it back . I still have not heard anything from your co as to what they will do . I could n't afford to send it overnight . I ca n't believe you would send a broken used shuffler . Things have always been ok before but this one was a mess from the opening of the carton which did n't have one mark or dent on it . Thats why I was shocked when I saw the box it came in with tape all over it to hold it together . NO EXCUSE for such service . \ \ Patricia Schemmer
 I have bought numerous card shufflers from you and the last one I got in January worked about 6 weeks and now just like the others it will no longer pull the cards thru , it is like the liitle wheels on top fall down just low enough they ca n't grab the cards . We all have problems with our hands and can no longer shuffle the old fashioned way . I would love to return this to you and order another one that is better made and will last a lot longer even if we have to pay a little more for it . I would like to remain a customer because you have been so fair with us . But we need to find a way to get one that will work . Thank your so much for your help.Josephine Hill
 The first of these we purchased has never been strong and is forever turning the cards upside down , The plastic spring to the battery door lost it 's spring and we had to begin holding it closed with tape . Second one is weak and wo n't shuffle half the time . Third one did n't shuffle at all on one side . Maybe it has the best profit margin for you , but it is unworthy of having as a product for your customers .
 Purchased as a gift . Did not work at all . Tried two different sets of brand new batteries to be sure they were not the problem . Will return for a replacement.Amazon made returning this product very easy . Hopefully , the new one will work , but I realize that Amazon is not the manufacturer , and can not be responsible for the quality of workmanship . However , Amazon is to be applauded for its good customer service . Thanks
 Based upon other reviews that said it worked OK for multiple decks , I made the purchase of the `` Casino 6-Deck Automatic Card Shuffler '' . It arrived timely with a couple of other items I purchased so I gave it one star.We use 5 decks for playing Hand and Foot so I tried it with 5 decks that we had used twice . It vibrates and makes noise but does not an acceptable job shuffling cards . One side fed through while the other side did not feed properly . OK , maybe I am doing something wrong or maybe it needs newer cards so I tried 5 new decks and played around with it for awhile . Same result.I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 The two things that disappointed me most are :1 -RRB- it requires expensive C batteries . I had guessed I 'd be able to plug it into a power outlet2 -RRB- it does n't offer much advantage over shuffling with your handsTo expand on point # 2 , the process to use this is that you cut your deck -LRB- s -RRB- into two halves and place one half on each side as shown in the picture . Then you hold down a button & when all goes well all it does is merge the two halves back into one deck while you 're holding the button , primarily going every other card alternating sides . This is very much akin to a single riffle one might do when shuffling by hand . But rather than bridge the cards back together with your hands , you now need to pull out the combined deck from the machine and fix the cards that are upside down . For a reasonably randomized deck you 'll need to rinse and repeat at least a few more times . All things considered I actually think I might be able to shuffle the same number of cards with less effort using only my hands , and almost as fast . With group participation -LRB- i.e. everyone shuffling one of the `` six '' theoretically possible decks -RRB- there 's no question we could best the machine.This was an exploratory process for me . I , with dreamlike naivety , kinda hoped for some sort of magic device where I could just put into it a deck or two of ordered cards , hit the start button , walk to the fridge for some food or a drink , and have it produce a thoroughly randomized deck of cards when I got back . This device comes nowhere near that dream.Those two complaints aside , most of the other 2 and 1 star reviews hold true for me as well . While the price might justify this , the quality is indeed extremely cheap . A friend of mine & I joked that it reminded us of construction sets similar to the more elaborate Legos we used to build . Aside from the poor quality of the device itself , the -LRB- inner -RRB- product box it came in was very banged up as well .
 Never worked . The gears that push the cards through stuck on one side , so you had to hold the top clear plastic piece to make the cards shoot to the bottom tray . It makes a huge racket . Do not waste your money .
 broke after a few uses and the cards either get stuck or fly out everywhere just easier to shuffle by hand than deal with this product .
 one side doesnt not move the cards . very disapointed with this . dont know if its only this one item or if LL ARE LIKE THIS
 I used it once and then it stopped working . As I am out of town and do not have any info with me I was unable to send it back . Also , there were no directions so we had to take a lot of time trying to got it to work.Rae
 Our club uses 6 deck shufflers and I thought I would save a couple of bucks by getting them from Amazon instead of the local flea market . How can you make a product cheaper than cheap ? Well they did . This batch had thinner plastic and flaky gears resulting in very poor operation . I have 4 of these type shufflers in the workshop -LRB- all broken -RRB- trying to piece together one that works . These type of shufflers barely work , and only for a limited time . Do n't waste your money . Cheap-Cheap-Cheap junk . I would be willing to pay more for a decent one but as much as I have searched I have not found one . The next step up is a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- unit that only shuffles one deck !
 The 6-deck automatic card shuffler does not work as I expected . One side of it jams up , so you end up only shuffling one pile , which means you 're not shuffling . We were shuffling four decks of cards and ended up doing it by hand .
 I have had one of these before about 2 years ago and we worn it out , This one does not shuffler the cards evenly and then some get upset down . We have n't given up yet but are close . I was looking for a different mfg. but do not see one .
 This Shuffler is poorly made , we have only used it a couple of times and it seems that it is going to break right away , wish we had not bought this item .
 I received this as a gift , and I 've been needing one desperately as I have a number of card games with over 200 cards each . The first time I used it , the right side stuck , so I 'd have to feed them through . Then the ribbed plastic thing would n't work to depress the switch -LRB- it kept slipping -RRB- . I 've had to use my fingers to push the lever down to shuffle and , guess what , it snapped in half . And I 've had it exactly 2 weeks . I 'm sending it back , and the worst part is that I had to tell the friend who bought it for me . I 'm getting a different one .
 This thing is a piece of garbage . Cards get stuck consistently and it does a lousy shuffle . i will be returning it .
 the auto shuffler failed after two shuffles . one side ok the other sounded like the gears broke . great idea and i wish that it worked
 Am pleased with the performance of the shuffler but unfortunately the battery compartment cover keeps falling off . It does n't affect the operation but is a irritation .
 After receiving the card suffler , I tried to suffle cards with very little success . One side worked while the other side did not work.I was not able to suffle cards . This makes the product useless.I am dissatisfied with the card suffler .
 Sometimes this shuffler works okay and sometimes it hardly works at all . A little frustrating , half the time we end up still hand shuffling . Very finicky !
 I was very disappointed when this card shuffler came and one side did not even work and the tab to one of the battery compartments broke when opening ... Now understand I did not expect it to be much for the money i spent on it $ 14 ... BUT , I did expect to get to use it to shuffle a card deck at the very least 1 time ... But NOPE!Buyer Beware !
 Junk . This is a flimsy piece of junk made of thin brittle plastic parts . Not worth spending your time and money ordering . Huge disappointment !
 Other reviewers commented that their shufflers arrived broken , but I decided to chance it . Mine also arrived broken and I opted not to get another one . Amazon did make the return super easy .
 We have used one of these products for many years and it is getting worn out . I ordered a new one and upon opening itand installing the batteries I went to try it out . The first thing I found was the middle holding try that goes up and down didnot slide , you had to push it . That could have been fixed with a little sandpaper but I tried the old one and it worked ok.I installed the cards and went to push the start/stop button and it was real hard to push . When it started , it did not grabany cards to the center area . The motor was going but no shuffling . VERY BAD !!
 The shuffler flips cards over several times during one shuffle so that we have several cards rightside up when we draw . This is disconcerting when playing . It also jams often and we have to stop and unjam it before we can finish shuffling . The only good things I can say about this shuffler is that it does handle four decks with ease and its easier to deal with these problems than to shuffle four decks by hand .
 To start with , it was difficult to install the batteries because the springs on the negative end of the battery compartments tend to push to the side & not make good enough contact to make the shuffler operate . The switch to operate the shuffler only works if it is manipulated several times . When it does operate , the gears on the right side do n't turn so the order of the cards from the left side are merely reversed . Amazon 's return procedure seems flawless but the shuffler is worthless .
 This product is nothing but junk . I tried to use it and it did not even last thru one card game before it stopped working . It would cost more to return it than it is worth . I will just have to buy one at a local store instead of from Amazon . Bad product you should be ashamed to sell it .
 I was warned by several friends that these shufflers do n't work . It was cheap enough so I thought I would try . Never could get it to work . Tried several different batteries . Had to return it .
 You ca n't put more than 20 cards on the left side or it wo n't turn the cards in.For spending $ 20.00 to get this and give it as a gift , I am very disappointed in it .
 I was very disappointed with the shuffler , it did not shuffel cards at all on one side .
 Not as good as it looks . The cards get stuck , the shuffle is n't even and the clear plastic accumulation plate is flimsy .
 These shufflers are great for alot of cards but this is the third one we have purchased and they continue to break in different areas for different reasons .
 2 of the 3 ordered did not work . These were gifts and had purchased before and they worked fine . Straight out of the box the 2 did n't work is why rating a one star .
 This card shuffler actually showed up with all 4 assembly screws rusty . Sure does not look like a new one . We have had a number of these over the years and I had never seen one with the screws rusted !
 It was bad when I got it broke and pieces were missing it was bad batteries would n't fit it really stunk .
 I purchased this shuffler because it had gotten good reviews . It came with no instrutions and was clearly very cheaply made . It does n't work to shuffle new cards . The cards get jammed and wo n't feed through the shuffler . Plus , it 's very loud . If shipping was n't so much , I 'd return it . Instead we threw it out .
 It does n't shuffle well . The cards get stuck and sometimes go all over the place . I use it for shuffling white cards against humanity cards and i must say I 'm very disappointed .
 When I received the card shuffler , the left side did not work . Rather than sending it back . I took it apart and the wires were loose . After a quick repair it works great .
 I got a brand new shuffler several weeks ago used it at a party and whata flop it did not shuffle the cards -- had to sit and turn the gears by hand to even get some to shuffleBad item
 I was very disappointed in the shuffler . It did n't work right in the beginning . I thought we could use it with the minor problem , but it is just getting worse and does not shuffle the cards correctly . I have had other shufflers of the same make and they worked just fine although they do n't tend to last a long time if used a lot .
 This does not work - it will only take a few cards at a time . It was purchased to be able to shuffle at least 6 decks , but it wo n't do 5 at a time . It has to be `` hand fed '' a few cards at a time on one side - the little roller does n't catch the card and send it into the bin otherwise . Also , the clear plastic `` catcher '' has to be held at an angle so the cards do n't jam . What a waste of money .
 This 6-Deck Automatic Card Shuffler is a waste of money . Do n't flush your $ 10 down the toilet . From my recent experience I found this item to be trash , and here are the reason for saying that.Left side does not work properly . In other words , it does not work . Plastic gets jammed like a paper gets jammed in a printer.You may unjam it , but once you put the deck on it , it jams again.I hope this review helped so nobody else waste 's over $ 10 , or a hassle to return it
 BUYER BEWARE ... . MAY BE ADVERTISED AS A NEW MACHINE , BUT TURN OUT USED AND BROKEN !!! The packaging looked unopened . The box was in good condition . Inside the box , the machine was in plastic wrapping , with styrofoam inserts . Then things went south from there . Upon taking off the plastic , a screw fell out of the machine . I could not see a screw missing anywhere on the outside , so the screw must belong inside the machine . Installed 4 new ` C ' batteries and nothing . Took out the batteries to check that I had them inserted right and noticed that 2 screws in each of the battery compartments were loose . Tried reinstalling the batteries , but still nothing ; not even a whimper . Also , noticed that there were scratched inside the battery compartments and on the under side of the machine.I have bought several 6-card shufflers through Amazon , but this seller is a not very reputable if they are selling used , defective , broken machines and listing it as new . I have purchased other 6-card shufflers by Trademark Global and have not had these issues.SO ... . stay away from the seller
 This thing seemed good at first . Did n't last long though . Does not do a very good job at all .
 Myself and several friends play the card game - Hand & Foot , which takes 5 decks of cards . This makes the 6-deck shuffler more likely to order for us older folks verse the 4-deck shuffler . I have ordered several 6-deck shufflers in the past 3 years for myself and friends . Have returned 3 on my first order due to * cards would n't shuffle without flipping upside down , * catching on the side so the remainder of the cards jam , * the spinners under the cards would n't twirl , meaning cards just sit there on one side or both , * cards are continuously jamming inside , * the bar that is pressed for shuffling must be pressed so hard that we have to have a man work the shuffler which he also complains about.Since the shuffler is made of very thin plastic and is glued together , we are unable to try any minor repairs ourselves . Sometimes there are screws on the top edges but since the remainder of that side has been glued the screws are of no use . Out of 6 of the 6-card shufflers ordered only one was has continued to work properly for about 2 years now -LRB- we only use it about once a week -RRB- The 4-deck Shuffler seems to be a better bargain for the money .
 I have purchased several of the 6-deck shufflers . I work in a senior community and we play cards quite often . There is one game that requires 5 decks of cards to play so the shuffler is perfect , while it functions properly . When we ordered our last two shufflers , we were shocked that they would n't even move the cards through the shuffling mechanism . We have had that happen before but it was two months old when it started . These were right out of the box . They were returned and now I do n't know where I can get a better quality of shuffler .
 Casino 6 Deck Automatic Card Shuffler worked fine for about six shuffels and than the one side did not work . Not too happy with it .
 Did not work upon arrival . I shipped it back for a refund . And guess what , the next one did not work either .
 This is my thirdpurchase of this card shuffler and for some reason this one does not work properly . Of course , I did not discover this until I had discarded return materials .
 When it comes to automatic card shufflers -- or anything , for that matter -- you often get what you pay for . This modestly priced item is a perfect example . Its performance at shuffling cards leaves a bit to be desired
 I bought the shuffler hoping it would help shuffle 4-5 decks at a time . It mostly shuffled perfectly , but about 6 out of 10 times , the cards would jam in the receiving tray . The spring that makes it go down as the cards come out did n't seem very stable . Also , unless I placed my hand in front of the clear plastic guard , the cards would n't eject smoothly . If I had it to do over again , I would not have purchased . Even though it worked most of the time , it was cumbersome to use .
 This is the second one we have bought , the first one just quit . This one with five decks gets tangled up several times on each shuffle . Do you have a remedy ? Thanks , Richard ,
 One the second try a spring broke and allowed the card holder to drop to the bottom.We now try to use it without the card holder , but a great many cards always end up reversed either face up or on the side of the card pile.If I could I would send it back.it nothing but a pile of CHEAP plastic .
 Unit arrived quickly , packaging was ok.Did not work correctly from the first use.Left side of the shuffler would hardly work and kept stopping.After using it 5 times the bar you press to get the cards to shuffle was hit or miss and the entire unit would not work.Sent back for a refund .
 I have now purchased about 5 of these shufflers , each one of them has a flaw . They would be a great tool if they worked properly . In my years of purchasing them , I have been able to keep 2 but when they go bad , I have a hard , very hard time finding one that works . I will not give up but I am sure the buyers are tired of me constantly returning the product and I hope they are not turning around and just resending them back out . Fix the problem or make them in the USA for a change .
 Worked fairly well first two times of use but noticed that the right side of the shuffler did n't work as well . Have used it about 5 different occasions now and it 's not worth using . The right side hardly shoots any cards in . Left side works great but not worth using if they do n't both shoot cards in . Do n't waste your money - use your hands instead !
 This was received in good condition but once it was set out for use did not work at all . One side of the card shuffler worked fine but the wheelon the other side did n't connect making the shuffler useless . I was verydisappointed in my purchase . I plan to exchange it and hope for the best .
 When is works this product is pretty decent . However the cheap plastic parts tend to lock and need to be pushed to start working again . The rest of the product is loose and low quality as well . I do not have high hopes that this product will last very long at all .
 I do n't understand how this thing could have gotten the positive reviews it did . It quite simply does not shuffle cards ; what it does do is take cards from two different piles , and intersperse them together . This is very , very far from random - for example , cards that start on top of the two piles are guaranteed to be on top of the resulting `` shuffled '' pile , and vice versa for those on the bottom . This quite simply is not a card shuffler , despite the name . Do not buy this if you actually want your cards shuffled , because it does not do that - all it does is very slightly rearrange the cards .
 This was my second order for the Casino 6-deck automatic shuffler . The first one worked great until , I 'm guessing , some contact stopped making proper contact . So , I ordered another one since I had liked the first one . We used the second one five times - first 2 times it worked fine but it sounded like it was straining . The next two times it worked sluggishly as if the batteries were weak . I again purchased new batteries , thinking maybe I had gotten some bad batteries when I first installed them in the new machine . Guess what ? New batteries did not help . It still sounded as if `` it were on it 's last leg '' , very slow , not moving the cards through the shuffler . I tried every thing I could think but to no avail . Evidently , I had purchased a lemon !
 We love the shuffler but after the first use , a spring came loose and it took us a couple of hours to figure out how to fix it . It could be made a little sturdier .
 It was broken and missing parts when we first got it.I had to take apart to fix it . the wires in it were not connected also .
 This product disappointed me because it has a hard time shuffling sometimes and also shoots cards off the top . Try a different one if you can .
 This machine is a `` lemon '' . It has not worked properly from the onset . I 'm totally disappointed in this item . I have purchased a few of them before with no problems , not this one .
 One of the shufflers works but the other does not-it bunches up the cards and then it wo n't shuffle.The second seems to work fine and they really are great for games requiring 6 decks of cards
 We play a card game called Texas Canasta where we use 5 decks of cards . I thought this would be an easy way to shuffle the cards . Most of the time it will only take from one side and then of course the cards are not properly shuffled .
 I wanted to solicit your support , this because this package in the traking number appears delivered , but I have not receivedWaiting for your comments . Thank you very much
 I expected it to be a piece of junk , but I also expected at least pretend to work . One of the motors had a bad solder so I had to open the case up and resolder the connection . After that it worked about as well as I expected a cheap shuffler to work
 We were able to use it for about three games before it broke . The base is spring loaded and will not hold up .
 Bought this for Munchkin the card game . I put my cards through it twice and it wore all the edges off my brand new expansion deck . I left it at the friends I was playing with not worth my time returning . I do not recommend this as a munchkin card shuffled as other reviewers suggest
 No casino would use this junk . This card shuffler does n't come close to evenly shuffle the cards . I put 3 decks on each side and it sucked down over half of one side before it even started pulling the other side in to be shuffled . If it pulled them at a more even rate then it would be a good shuffler . To top it off it 's really loud .
 I bought this thing for 2 reasons
 I have purchased numerous 6 deck credit card sufflers . I had purchased the three on August 14th as gifts . None of them worked they were all broken . I am having to buy three more now to replace the defective ones . I would not recommend this deck suffler to anyone . You will be very disappointed when they arrive . I just hate they were gifts and it is to late to do anything about the three defective ones . Think before you buy this item and save your money for a working card suffler . Vicki Hart
 I purchased this card shuffler as a Christmas gift for an older person and had it shipped directly to her . Several months later , I found that it never worked and had been thrown away as she did not want to hurt my feelings . I have no idea if it is a quality issue overall for the product or an isolated incident .
 This card shuffler does not work at all . Yes , we put batteries in it -LRB- new ones -RRB- and it does absolutely nothing . I will be sending it back for a refund .
 I purchased three of these machines as a gift for a friend who was going to have a large card party . Unfortunately , in every case , only one side of the device worked.The Bad
 This is the 2nd one I 've purchased and neither one has lasted past the 1st set of batteries . One of the springs on the tray on the 1st machine I purchased let go and caused the cards to flip upside down and `` box '' . After a couple of months use , both sides would continue to spin when the actuator was depressed , but would not feed the cards . On the 2nd machine I purchased one of the locator tabs for the tray broke-off almost immediately and now one side of the card shuffler feeds real slow , while the other side feeds normally . `` They say you get what you pay for '' , and this holds true for this product . I would n't mind spending more money for something of better quality .
 Casino 6-Deck Automatic Card ShufflerReceived 6 shufflers - all were defective , Kept two but I probably should n't have . I bought one for a friend and I kept one . The one I kept will only accept the plastic card holder at an odd angle .
 Bought it for a friend , it worked for a little bit and then just stopped . Sending it back , and getting a manual one !
 The emblem at the bottom that projects like a mirror is missing about 25 % of the picture . Not sure how this was not caught by quality control ?
 I am so upset with this spray . I had to shut the water off and reattach the peice that connects the hose to the bottle about 10 different times . A couple times the top peice that covers the water sprayer popped off . The last time that the connector peice popped off the cover peice popped off as well and it came flying back into me and the top of the sprayer cut my hand . I have never been so disappointed and upset by a product in my hole life .
 Yes , I read all the instructions . I pushed in the little button to make the chemical flow . It worked great as I held it by the hose and by the bottle making sweeping gentle motions . The problem is that the bottle pressure fitting comes off . Once it comes off , it is over . Putting it back on , it remains loose and will either work for a 30 sec period of time , spray you in the face , or just pop off . Garbage product , Avoid .
 I purchased the Bayer Insect Killer for a bush that had beatles on it . I read the instructions . I set the pin in the right direction , attached my garden hose and upon turning on the faucet the water pressure -LRB- which is n't very high -RRB- blew the hose off of the sprayer with the exception of a blue ring that is the female attachment . For some dumb reason they designed this product with two pieces that work as what I can only figure as a compression coupling but not really . The second you try to tighten the hose end into this female fitting the female end from the sprayer pops right off . I agree with the others who have said the product then just gets all over you . I had it all over my clothes , skin and it even got in my eye which turned red and I immediately needed to shower . This is the dumbest set up that I have ever seen for a product . I bought it because there is a mail in rebate that cuts the price of the product in half compared to the others that were at the store . I guess that is why they are giving us a rebate on it . They know it has a poor design and is causing people all kinds of issues . As for the product , I do n't know if it works yet . Do n't buy this product in this sprayer . You will be sorry you did when you have inesct killer all over you .
 Ca n't believe I bought it and a refill bottle . Same story ... . hose popped off till I gave up . NEVER AGAIN !!!! Ca n't find a complaint email address and I 'm sure not gon na call a phone # to Lord knows where or send a letter . As others ... . label SOAKED along with ME.NEVER ... NEVER !!!!!!! Do n't BUY IT , You 'll regret it .
 I purchased four bottles of this stuff . I 'm angry , to say the least . The nozzle just does n't work . It sprays water but not insect killer . Then it comes off . I finally transferred the product to an Ortho Max container . Time will tell if the bug killer itself kills any bugs . I would not waist my time with this product again .
 I found the hose attachment and sprayer design to be very poorly made and subject to easy breakage.Bayer does make good and effective chemicals but this product is just about worthless .
 I do n't know yet how well this product works but using the Ready-to-Spray bottle will get more insect killer on you than the lawn . The female hose adapter leaks at both ends . Changing out the washer or adding a second one does not help . As a matter of fact , tightening the hose connection will just make it eventually pop off . I poured the contents into an Ortho lawn sprayer to get the job done . This cheap bottle only pollutes the environment ; they should quit making them.tds
 As another reviewer noted , the spraying mechanism is absolutely worthless . It took me well over an hour to spray most of my tiny yard . -LRB- I say most because I just gave up . -RRB- The hose attachment popped off no less than 12 times . It can not be reconnected while water is flowing , so be prepared to walk back to the faucet over and over and over again . The sharp plastic drew blood from my wet , poison covered hands at least twice while I struggled to pop it back on . The adjustment mechanism and spray shield both broke midway through use . After becoming frustrated , I once forgot to fully close the flow valve while walking back to the faucet - queue a face-full of insecticide . Since the warning labels were soaking wet , I could n't even read how dangerous the chemicals were . I decided to take a `` cold shower '' in the yard to dilute what was on my skin . After all , there was n't much dry clothing left on my anyways .
 THIS IS NOT A CHIN UP BAR ! It 's a bracket only , and the picture does not show the bracket . Moreover , the chin up bar shown in the picture is not the type that requires a bracket . So it 's deceiving what this shows . The company is trying to fix this problem ... I 'm sure it 's not intentional .
 My son got this driver for Christmas , and used it three times before it broke on the driving range . One swing , and the head broke , flying half way across the range.It 's more disappointing , because he liked the thing . He liked the range it had .
 I have used this TWICE in a driving range . During a swing the head snapped off and flew 20 yards into the field everyone at the driving range started using my driver 's head as a target on the field . A decent driver but it wo n't last . DO NOT BUY THIS DRIVER .
 Once I got this club I liked the looks of it . First time I used it I was not that impressed . Really lacked distance . I have since bought a Cleveland Hi Bore XLS and the ball justs pops off the face . Added at least 20 yds with it off the tee .
 I do get some good hits with this thing , but I have far more bad ones . Maybe it 's just me swinging poorly but with my old Dunlop driver I hit about 75 % in the fairway , with this club I 'm at around 15 % . Maybe Tiger Woods can hit it , but I ca n't .
 Used this driver at the range last night for the first time . It felt nice and I was hitting pretty good until , `` pop '' the head snapped right off after hitting about 30 balls . Guess I 'll have to spend a little more for a quality club . This is definitely not it .
 I 've ordered this in the past and it was great , until it got lost . I ordered it again as a gift to someone . The `` SF '' logo on this one came crooked , off center , and tilted . A little disappointed considering I paid extra to have my order rushed . The clamp connecting it to the key chain is also half open , which explains why the first one got lost -LRB- probably fell off -RRB- . Too late for me to return it , considering it is a gift . Exchanging it is not worth the time/shipping fees . I 'll live with it .
 All I wanted it to do was open a bottle . It really does n't work that well . A $ 1 would work better .
 I never received my keychain . I was very disappointed in the fact that I paid for an item and did not receive it , I will not use this service again as this was my first time buying something on amazon.com . It is not an expensive item , but you have lost a customer for good . The only rason it received a 1 star is that it would not let me leave the `` star '' part blank to continue .
 I bought deluxe Best Friends grazing muzzles from a local store . After a month the hole at the end of the basket began to tear , and now it looks like a comma , not a period , and grows ever bigger.I did hear back from the company 's president who offered to swap out my almost brand new muzzle for a new one , free of charge . As for the ever-widening opening in the basket of the muzzle , which allows the horse to eat more and more grass , it was explained to me by several people that it may just be the way my horse tears away at the grass . I am still disappointed that the muzzle hole did n't stay intact for more than 6 weeks , but perhaps it is one of those things where depending on the horse , muzzles do n't last more than a few months .
 The muzzle did not work ; however there was no packing slip nor return information so I can not return the muzzle . I am just out $ 45
 I bought deluxe Best Friends grazing muzzles from a local store . After a month the hole at the end of the basket began to tear , and now it looks like a comma , not a period , and grows ever bigger.I did hear back from the company 's president who offered to swap out my almost brand new muzzle for a new one , free of charge . As for the ever-widening opening in the basket of the muzzle , which allows the horse to eat more and more grass , it was explained to me by several people that it may just be the way my horse tears away at the grass . I am still disappointed that the muzzle hole did n't stay intact for more than 6 weeks , but perhaps it is one of those things where depending on the horse , muzzles do n't last more than a few months .
 The muzzle did not work ; however there was no packing slip nor return information so I can not return the muzzle . I am just out $ 45
 First of all , i bought this driver for $ 24.99 and it sucked sinced the day i bought it . well , the first one I purchased got a dent in the back of the club . So , I exchanged it and got another one . It held up for three months and the performance was good but I 'm a rookie golfer anyway ! I took it out for a short 9-holes and the damn club head broke off completely on the first hole !! That was terrible , but you get what you pay for and i would not reccomend this club to anyone !!
 this driver actually seemed to make things worse when I used it , I went back to my old driver and am doing better -LRB- back to where I was before this driver -RRB-
 I bought deluxe Best Friends grazing muzzles from a local store . After a month the hole at the end of the basket began to tear , and now it looks like a comma , not a period , and grows ever bigger.I did hear back from the company 's president who offered to swap out my almost brand new muzzle for a new one , free of charge . As for the ever-widening opening in the basket of the muzzle , which allows the horse to eat more and more grass , it was explained to me by several people that it may just be the way my horse tears away at the grass . I am still disappointed that the muzzle hole did n't stay intact for more than 6 weeks , but perhaps it is one of those things where depending on the horse , muzzles do n't last more than a few months .
 The muzzle did not work ; however there was no packing slip nor return information so I can not return the muzzle . I am just out $ 45
 I bought deluxe Best Friends grazing muzzles from a local store . After a month the hole at the end of the basket began to tear , and now it looks like a comma , not a period , and grows ever bigger.I did hear back from the company 's president who offered to swap out my almost brand new muzzle for a new one , free of charge . As for the ever-widening opening in the basket of the muzzle , which allows the horse to eat more and more grass , it was explained to me by several people that it may just be the way my horse tears away at the grass . I am still disappointed that the muzzle hole did n't stay intact for more than 6 weeks , but perhaps it is one of those things where depending on the horse , muzzles do n't last more than a few months .
 The muzzle did not work ; however there was no packing slip nor return information so I can not return the muzzle . I am just out $ 45
 In the Campmor catalog , the meals range in price from $ 4.00 - $ 8.00 . BEWARE of the meals listed here that have an amount like $ 45.00 with a slash through it and then the price is now $ 5.00 . It may also say you get 6 meals which sounds about right . BUT , we ordered from several of these vendors from Amazon and only received 1 meal . The cost of the POSTAGE/AIR FREIGHT was VERY expensive . MORE THAN THE COST OF THE MEAL !!!! Very deceptive !!!! I then had to return the packages at MY OWN COST FOR POSTAGE ! I read a review before ordering that said they did not receive the correct amount of meals and did not take heed . The time and effort is is taking me to to send these back is a real pain and I will most likely NOT use Amazon again for this and maybe for other things due to this BAD experience .
 Can you imagine going to a retail store and seeing the person ahead of you on line asking for one pouch and being charged $ 7 . They you ask to purchase the six pouch version , are handed one pouch and are charged $ 30 . I have always been happy with the merchandise I have ordered combining price , quality and ease of delivery . I have ordered thousands of dollars in merchandize from many different product categories in the last several years.My pleasant experience ended with this order . I ordered six pouches of beef stroganoff and only one was delivered and I was charged for six.What a shame . I processed a request for a refund , UPS never showed to pick up the package .
 size L was very very small and does not correspond to reality , size L was very very small and does not correspond to reality
 Recieved these sights , installed them in my P-01 , and now the point of impact is three inches low at 50 ft ! The factory irons were dead on at this distance !! Not sure what the problem is , but do n't get these for your P-01 !!!
 hack sacks should be spherical . not pancakes shaped . lousy for actually trying to play hacky sack . make nice decorations . I would recommend buying real hacky sacks .
 Nice as a novelty gift ! This item has plastic beads in a plastic baggy surrounded by a wool like yarn that opened at its end exposing the plastic insides with in 5 min of use . As to show they are aware of the Hacky Sack unraveling , They preemptively have the beads in a plastic baggy since they know it comes undone . I did n't expect much for the price but I did n't expect this!Hemp or Leather Hacky Sacks is the way to go !! IMO .
 I bought these hacky sacks because of the star rating . My friends and I are learning to play hacky sack at the office . In just two days use -LRB- very minimal as well -RRB- all three bags had begun to unravel and one bag had the insides coming out . Terrible quality .
 What the picture shows and what I received are totaly different . I ordered these specifically because of the way they looked . I got 3 totally different ones , red , orange , yellow colored . Because what I ordered is not what I received , I give this 1 star .
 This product was returned because it would not fit the rebounder we had in the house .
 Although the title does state stabilizer bar , the photo and the descriptions include the whole trampoline . It was only when the seller brought this to my attention that I realized that I was only purchasing the bar . The ad is not clear and should be rewritten .
 Our 48-quart marine , with the same drain fitting leaked around the fitting from the first use .
 Our neighborhood bike bandit did n't seem to have any problem cutting through this lock and now our bike is gone . It looked impressive when we got it but it was cut with a single , smooth cut . It would keep the neighborhood kids from making off with your bike but not an actual thief .
 Okay for small town use , but not for a big city where bike theft is the # 1 crime . I got my crappy Magna bike stolen in the ` nicest ' neighborhood that was locked up on my friend 's front porch .
 The rear sight fits the desert eagle Mark XIX just fine , the front sight does not . When you call up the company they say
 Jimmy either does n't know what pistol model he actually has or does n't know how a holster should fit a firearm . Or perhaps he actually purchased the 8 '' version and not the 6 '' version . I purchased the 6 '' version after searching high and low for a low-cost alternative to a custom holster for my Taurus Raging Judge Magnum . I found this Bianchi model and Jimmy 's review stating that it fits `` like a glove . '' If you mean it fits like OJ 's alleged gloves did in his trial , then yes - it does . The chambers on the Raging judge are MUCH larger than those of ordinary revolvers that do n't shoot 3 '' .410 shot shells . This holster is made for a standard large frame revolver . I 'm going to keep it only because my Raging Judge Magnum does `` kind of '' fit into it -- at least well enough to offer some protection in my gun bag.Also , it should be made clear to all that it 's more of a chest rig than a cross-craw shoulder holster . It 's very uncomfortable on the neck when situated under the arm.Finally , if you 're looking for a holster for you Taurus Raging Judge Magnum , this holster is not for you . However , if you still want to give it a shot , do n't bother with the Bianchi 4100H Holster Flap ; it does n't even come close to covering the grip correctly.Still searching for the RIGHT holster for this beast ...
 The rear sight would not slide into place on my G3 Glock 22 . Since I scratched the side trying to install it , I figured it would not be accepted as a return . I had to sand the bottom until it would fit . With a little red loc tite it has set well . The sites miraculously aligned perfectly and I have now fired 265 rounds through it with no problems . The sites are awesome , but they were advertised for gen 3 Glock 22 's , which is wrong .
 I bought these for my glock 23 gen 4 . These sights are only made for the glock 36 , or single stack glocks . They are the trijicon GL 12 . I need the GL11 , I 'm sure you can make them fit your glock , but if i 'm spending 80-90 dollars , i 'm better off going to glock and buying their night sights that are actually built for my gun .
 It was unclear that this was women 's . All of the other women 's sizes say women 's while none of the men 's sizes say anything . This said nothing , so I assumed it was men 's large , but it was women 's large . Not helpful .
 The gun sights came with no instructions and were left to call or guess what and how to install the sights . Quality looks OK but again do n't really know if the sights will fit need a press and Gunsmiths are very limited in the state of HI .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 what is the size of chart ? I have not purchased this material and there is very little information about it .
 I could not believe how tarnished and scratched this was when it came in . And there was no paperwork included to return this trash . I just ordered from a different company that also personalized it for free . I made sure to write down the name of this company so I will not make the mistake of ordering from here again.Rose C.
 I purchased two x-small sizes for my twin 10 year old kids . Both packs fit well and were quite light even if they did have limited space . But on our first backpacking trip one daughter started complaining about chafing on her back at mile 4 . Even after lightening her load , I had to take her pack at mile 5 . It was on mile 3 of our second trip that the other daughter started having the same problem . I had a good friend tell me , ` Always get external frame packs for kids . ' That 's good advice . We 've now replaced these Gregory packs with external frame packs from Outdoor Products and the chafing has come to an end .
 I was looking for a backpack that would fit a tall person and have enough space for 1-2 day trip . I wanted enough adjustments to be able to use the backpack for shorter trips.This backpack looked great for my purpose.When I got it I found it fit me well . It turned out to be reasonable size and had many adjustments to customize it to load.Unfortunately the material is very plasticy & it constantly rustles when you walk . I tried using it a few time but I noticed that I was always conscious of the noise . People & animals could hear me coming.I eventually replaced it with an Osprey Atmos 50 .
 Maybe it 's my shoes , but these socks do n't seem to have enough around the ankle to stay up through any level of activity . I ca n't tell if the extra bit around the back of the sock is helping or hurting , but at least it gives me something to grab on to while pulling up the socks . Otherwise , I like the material and thickness .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 after owning casio , suunto version 1 and version 2 's I thought would try a high gear . I bought the best High Gear watch Cabello 's had and within 90 days the unit had a panel drop off . Cabello 's would not exchange the unit after stating at purchase that it was warranted for one year.Not sure what High gear will do but in my opinion this watch is not worth the price that is charged and it does not look as if they will back their warranty .
 Do n't waste your money with this watch - in less than 2 months the altimeter , thermometer and barometer all stopped working - It is a nice looking watch and that 's about it !
 I bet this watch would have been amazing ... . but it never showed up . Check the seller 's profile before confirming sale .
 I can not review the ball itself , because I could not inflate it . The hose that came with the pump had a hole in it . This was not a hidden little leak . It was a clearly visible molding defect . It would be so simple to test the hoses before they ship them . Instead , the manufacturer wasted my time , lost my business , and possibly yours too . Why should you have to do their quality control for them ?
 Horrible outgassing , cheap pump that falls out multiple times during inflation . I have had my ball outside for over 10 days and it is still as bad as the day I unfolded it .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 well net came and it looked good so a couple of days went shrimping so on using the netit was tering not wourth the money very poor
 I bought this dive computer as part of my new diving kit when I got into diving nearly 2 years ago . I liked the look of it , and the functions , while way ahead of my then diving ability allowed room for growth as my diving progressed . All was well with the world.After about 40 + dives , the new PDC went wrong , and failed , just after a dive . Repeated depth alarms , decompression penalty warnings etc. . Nice to know they worked , but I was in a car on the way home at the time . I called Oceanic , and they promptly supplied me with unit 2.13 or so dives later this went belly up as well . Faulty battery , alarms and faulty downloading to the home PC . Oceanic did well , and supplied me with unit 3 . This lasted a handful of dives before going wrong as all the others had before , and was returned , like the others.Unit 4 was my last try to use this lovely toy . 1st dive with it , and it logged me at twice the level above sea level . Buggered up al the safety stops , decompression stuf and dive logs . Useless.Now ... good things :1 -RRB- Looks great , feels nice , has lots of functions.Bad things :1 -RRB- very expensive2 -RRB- It just does n't work . Period . After 4 duff ones I feel I am qualified to say this . It sucks .3 -RRB- It is therefore dangerous . If you are using this to guide your underwater time and it does some goofy stuff at 40metres , then you are in the poo-poo !!! Oceanic customer service is great and they fixed my woes with a refund type offer which was very good , but the computer itself : IT BITES !!
 . My husband and I have a toddler and dog now , so we needed to retire my 18-year-old cheap , but wonderful -LRB- no leaks in rain ! -RRB- , 2 person dome tent from the now-defunct Caldor . We went to Target to look for a family size tent for car camping . The store is one of my favorites , and I 've had good experiences buying reasonably priced things there , so my husband and I thought we could get an inexpensive tent for a trip we 're planning . . We chose an Eddie Bauer six-person dome type with a 12 ' x 10 ' footprint , shock-corded fiberglas poles , etc. . As soon as we got it home , we decided to set it up as a dry run . We followed all the instructions to the letter , and I 've assembled dozens of pieces of furniture and toys for our family and also helped friends , so we know how to follow directions properly . However , immediately one of the plastic ferrules -LRB- joints -RRB- split and a portion of the pole started to sag . . Other minor quibbles
 Assuming that most families that would consider this tent have children , this would be a poor choice of tent to purchase . Any child under the height of 4 feet , will not be able to open the tent door . While the circular door is not a great design to begin with , the use of a single zipper slide was shear idiocy . To enter the tent you must open the door by sliding the zipper all the way from a 10 o'clock to a 9 o'clock position . This assumes you are tall enough to reach up and lean in with your arm to open the zipper at the top of its travel - - difficult for me and I 'm 5 ' 8 '' , and impossible for children . This is because the round door leans in at such a severe angle . On the inside , you 'll have to stand in someone 's sleeping area to reach to top of the zipper travel and get out , and again be tall enough to do so . This resulted in a panic for my 7 year old when she was in the tent and could not get out by herself . This alone should warrant a product recall for child safety reasons.This is NOT a family tent and does not accomodate children .
 We do n't own this exact model , but close enough for those who are considering this tent.My girlfriend bought this tent for our occasional camping trips , mostly because it would fit a queen air mattress through the doorway and also because Eddie Bauer was purportedly a reliable brand.The tent itself is n't bad to set up -- about as easy as one would expect a rib-and-membrane structure -LRB- I like their clip-on approach versus the usual fabric slots for the ribs -RRB- and the tent seemed quite sturdy . The window and door overhangs took a little time to figure out.BUT , while the tent pegs were nice and thick -LRB- not the thin , junky ones that usually bend the first time you push them into the ground -RRB- the heads were made of plastic . Yeah , those lasted about 4 MINUTES . The plastic heads also shattered when trying to use a mallet to hammer them into the ground . I believe that no R&D ; was done on the tent peg usability . Another unfortunate side-effect of thicker tent pegs is that they are harder to push into hard ground , so be warned if you intend to pitch this in high-wind areas.We also managed to break one of the ribs while assembling the tent for the first time -- we fixed it by tightly wrapping a spare strap around the fracture.Unsurprisingly , the tent came packed in a nice , tough bag , but actually trying to pack the tent , fly sheet , and ground sheet all back into the bag along with the ribs and tent pegs proved almost impossible . They must have used a machine to do this at the factory . So now we pack the ground sheet separately.This is by no means the worst tent we 've owned , but it 's close . If Eddie Bauer wants to be equated with quality they need more attention to usability . Camping equipment is about convenience .
 This is a poorly designed tent . The door screen and the door cover are zippered to each other instead of both being zippered to the tent . To make matters worse , the cover/screen combination is attached to the tent with a single zipper only , not a double zipper . To make matters DRASTICALLY worse , the zipper broke the second time I had the tent out . This left me no way to secure the front of the tent for the night . My daughter and I had no choice but to sleep in the tent with the door wide open with all the mosquitos . If someone introduced me to the person who designed this tent , I would punch them in the mouth . Maybe Eddie Bauer should stick to selling outdated clothing to yuppies .
 I should have written this review 6 years ago when I bought this tent and first used it . We camp once a year and I thought we 'd put up with this flaw . After 6 years I 've had enough of this rubbish . Do not buy this tent!The door screen and the door cover are are horribly designed . They are zip to each other and the start of the zip is at 8 o'clock which means you 'd have to unzip pretty much the whole opening before you can get in or out . The weight of 2 zips weighs the whole opening down which keeps the tent wide open letting in the bugs ! Try doing this in the middle of the night !! It is incredibly frustrating .
 i ordered these and was surprised by the shipping speed and the fact that the ones i got look NOTHING like the ones in the pictures . mine had a little blood on them , and no fur or attaching ribbon . they look more like sharpshooters trigger mitts . they have one finger set out from the rest . they are good for motorcycle rides as long as it 's over 30 degrees , -LRB- i live in colorado -RRB- . if it 's under i need to wear my underarmor gloves too and then it 's not bad , i start to get really cold after an hour or so of riding . my biggest complaint and the reason that i did n't give them 5 stars is that they do n't at all resemble the ones pictured , they had blood spots , and were n't as warm as i 'd hoped .
 The armbands on these watches are not on hinged pins , but attached directly to the housing of the watch . That makes them prone to breakage , and when they break they are almost impossible to replace . I 've found quite a few stores that sell Skagen watches but none that sell Skagen armbands . I 've been told that I would have to send the watch in , which would take 4-6 weeks and cost more than half the original sale price of the watch . Great design , but I 'm not going to buy another Skagen watch !
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 The color and feel is good when new , my wife was pretty happy with these gloves . Unfortunately , after 2 rounds , the leathery-like outer layer had worn away , leaving a material like inner layer exposed .
 2 complaints
 bought one that leaked and bought another that leaked they are sun shades that are very expensive do n't waste your money and nobody will take care of you the dealer or paha ha ha que
 I ordered this Oriole 's jersey , and they shipped me a Brewer 's jersey . I contacted Amazon , and they said they would ship me the correct item . Yesterday I got a SECOND Brewer 's jersey in the mail . Now they are offering a refund , and will not correct the order .
 it did not work . Defective . I installed it and it did not work . It did not work . It did not work .
 This shirt ran very small ! If I had not gotten it for a clearance price I would have returned it . The material is nice but buy a size larger than you need .
 Typical Uncle Mikes product . Its cheap and it shows , but it does its job and when it falls apart you can just buy another one .
 I have been unable to use this successfully . It came with no instructions or help . It should be a good product but the fish keep escaping from it .
 this gun is a piece of @ & ! % , when i got it for my birthday -LRB- which was 3 weeks after ordering it -RRB- it broke the first time i used it , the feeding tube snapped like a cheap twig , and the gun is now useless , so that is almost $ 80 wasted . the company hasnt even responded to me to get a replacement , and i doubt that they will send me one
 it was good till it droped then it broke i fixed it then it jammed this is point less
 I ordered this Oriole 's jersey , and they shipped me a Brewer 's jersey . I contacted Amazon , and they said they would ship me the correct item . Yesterday I got a SECOND Brewer 's jersey in the mail . Now they are offering a refund , and will not correct the order .
 Well Bought it to spy on neighbours ! jk actually I got it for camping to see birds and deers . The reason I wanted small is it was for hiking . It is really small and very light . but very very less powerful . I mean i dont bother taking out . my cellphone has a 5 x zoom on it and it is like 3 times better than this one.Its a great toy.Not for a person who actually wants to use it to see far away objects.A shot of what you can see without this and with this at 100 yards away would show that its useless . like I tested it out in a parking lot and well it did help to read plates of cars standing 2 lines further than what i cud read . BUT again this is not impressive . this is like a match when you need a maglight.very very weak .
 I must need to cut back on the coffee because I ca n't really see anything with this due to everything bouncing around . I do appreciate it 's small size and relative affordability , but I 'm questioning whether or not I 'll ever get any good use out of it .
 The day I received this item I tested by looking at the skyline outside my window and everything looked fine enough ... unitl I accidentally dropped it on the carpet . The short fall made the whole insides of the scope come apart and next time I looked through it there was just a blur .
 I bought this monocular to get a better view of the performers at operas and orchestral performances . I liked the size - very convenient and unobtrusive , it fit easily into an evening bag - and if the quality was n't quite Zeiss , well , life is a series of trade-offs
 I could not get it to focus very well , and the image quality is not what I expected . I gave it to my 8 year old to play with as I could not use it .
 This scope has a very small view . Not worth the price . I wo n't even give it as a present . Junk !
 I had one of these and wanted to purchase a second to keep with my backpacking stuff . When looking for a second one on line I found there were many other models available . I decided to order a dozen different models to try them and make a decision . This model had by far the worst optical quality of all the models I tried , it was a definite step below the all the others available . If you 're looking for something inexpensive and compact like this model try theCarson Close-Up Monoculars , it is similar in price and size and offers a much better image . Another good choice in this price range is theBRUNTON 8x22 mm Monocular - 81-00682 . It is waterproof and has a very good image also . However , it is a bit larger and it 's close up focus is only about 15 ft. If cost is no object , the hands down winner of my survey was theNikon 7x15 High Grade Monocular .
 I ordered this holster for my Glock 27 and it was a terrible fit . The handgun did not seat properly and it hung out of the holster . I guess that is what I should have expected once I noticed it was made in Mexico ! I found a Galco -LRB- made in USA -RRB- and it fit perfect !
 The Stansport dog back pack was tested on a short hike prior to an extensive multi-mile trek which included two medium sized dogs . In both cases the stiching-to-pack harness failed and was necessary for a seamstress to reattach .
 Received the Stansport Saddle Bag for Dogs and placed one regular bottle of water in each pocket . Light jog around the neighborhood and when we got back to the house , it was ripped open . Nothing more to say really , it lasted less than 24 hours .
 This item was not worth 25 cents ! I put it on my dog and went on a hike . The piece of junk fell apart within 30 minutes of use . It developed holes and my keys and other small items that I had put inside of it fell out onto the ground .
 We put the saddle bags on our dog for the first time , and within an hour , one of the bags had ripped through . We returned the item and received a prompt reimbursement . I would say the seller is fair , but maybe stay away from this item .
 The basic design is good but the quality is very poor . The straps came loose from the right bag during the first use .
 The actual bag tore the second time I used it . Once I sewed it back , it works fine . I was just frustrated to have to repair it myself for it to be useful .
 I bought this as a pack for my Lab to participate in a charity dog walk . The morning of the walk we put 6 16oz bottles of water -LRB- 3 per side -RRB- and a small towel in it to carry for us and hopefully -LRB- as Ceasar puts it -RRB- give him some more work . I put it on him several weeks ago when we got it to get him used to it . He wore it comfortably for about an hour so I 'm confident we it had adjusted well . I tell him to wait by the door and go open the truck , call him to load up , he jumps in and the front strap disintigrates . Literally nothing left the webbing holding the buckle to the right side is gone . I look at the way this is sewn and its prety easy to see what happened . The webbing is looped to itself with one row of stitching , not sewn thru or around . It is also nylon or some marterial not condusive to use as webbing . I looked at the $ 50-60 saddle bags and thought I would n't get my monies worth . I hate being wrong like most people but I hate calling a company asking for a refund or something else worse . Chalk this one up to not following instincts . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT It really is made poorly .
 The picture sure does look nice huh ? Well it ca n't show you how the cheap materials cause abrasions on your beloved puppy that make him bleed.This product is garbage . Do not buy this unless you plan on using it on a taxedermied dog.PS look up `` taxidermied cat turned into quadrocopter '' for laughs .
 For a product that costs this much , I would expect better quality . The main problem is the cheap plastic part that connects the horizontal and vertical poles . I was pretty skeptical that it would be adequate to withstand some wind and rain . One of the connectors cracked when I put it together . The final blow came after about 10 minutes of heavy rain . As another poster mentioned , water collects on the roof instead of draining away . This is the result of the second problem of poor design . I pushed some of the water out and attempted to move one of the legs out by a few inches . There was a loud crack as a couple of the connectors completely broke , and the whole thing came down in a heap . I could try to use the roof as a rain cover , but unfortunately it 's not waterproof.I inherited this one , so I had no choice . This product was made in Bangladesh . Unfortunately , too many consumers prefer cost over quality , and the convenience of buying something new rather than having something that lasts . This practice leads to waste and ultimately costs more in the long run . However , if any manufacturer is listening , I would gladly pay premium for quality , and I 'm sure there are many out there who would feel the same .
 Loved the size of the gazebo for the price ... I saw that it had a warranty . So I purchased it . The first rain we had , which lasted about ten minutes , caused the roof to collapse in . There is a design flaw that lets rain get caught on the roof and in 10 minutes you have about 20 gallons of water on the roof that can now double as a giant bird bath.I am in the process of trying to get a refund , but other customers have posted that they are being denied the warranty.I wish I could paste the picture of the giant bird bath that I took .
 We liked the size and shape of this . We liked the price . I 'd never used one of these before.We had 3 people setting it up , and it took about 1/2 hour . Easy to setup with 3 people ! Two people would have taken longer . One person ... I venture to guess it would have seemed impossible.Our package said limited lifetime warranty . This is what is not covered : `` Damage to the product that results from normal wear and tear , abuse , misuse , neglect , natural disaster , or any unauthorized disassembly , repair or modification . '' Well , it rained ONE TIME and the thing collapsed , causing two of the poles to bend in half with what appears to be the ease of aluminum cans . This was after it had been setup for approx . 3 weeks.I called customer service , and they say weather damage is not covered . Even though it was only setup for 3 weeks , they implied that the damage was due to ` wear and tear . ' : rolleyes : You know , if I had money I 'd have to contact a lawyer regarding their failure to back their lifetime warranty , since a 10 minute rain storm does not constitute ` natural disaster . ' I am sure there are more than two customers who have had unsatisfactory results from this product!Of course , if I had money , I would have bought a more expensive and obviously more reliable screen house !!! Customer service is also very rude.Hmmm ... . Amazon has a link to the CPSC , maybe I will report this item as unsafe . Because anyone taking shelter in it during a 10 minute rainstorm may find it collapsing on their head .
 Heres what was wrong with it ... 1 -RRB- The roof seams are not taped like it says on the label . It comes with a tube of seam sealant it you want to make your roof not leak . FALSE ADVERTISING ! 2 -RRB- Missing parts . The pole bag was not there and one of the bungees that holds the corner to the frame was not there .3 -RRB- Poles come apart way to easily . The shock cords inside need to be much tighter as it pulls apart almost as fast as you set it up .4 -RRB- Difficult to set up . I 'm good at this , and it still is too hard . The poles pull apart while putting the canopy on , the corners need to be tied to the frame manually with knots . If it 's windy you will need 6 people in order to keep it together before it is staked down .5 -RRB- It only comes with 3 guy lines , but it has 6 corners . In a windy area you have to secure all 6 corners with guy lines or something is going to break .6 -RRB- Bugs can get in . The screens do n't completely reach the ground so there is a gap all the way around it . It needs to be about 4 '' longer so some extra fabric lays on the ground .7 -RRB- Quality of stitching is poor . We had two stitched parts come apart in it 's first day of use .8 -RRB- There is nothing that really holds the fabric that covers the side poles down . If you roll the screens up and use it as a shelter only , that decorative fabric will blow around in the wind.Here 's the good ... 1 -RRB- Held up to very strong winds when all 6 corners have guy lines .2 -RRB- Good size for a typical large picnic bench .3 -RRB- Looks nice4 -RRB- Fabric is nylon tent material , better than the plastic tarp like material used on the cheapest shelters .5 -RRB- Pockets along the top to roll the screens up into when you do n't need them.Bottom line ... I 'd buy it for $ 75 but not $ 200 . It is just not worth it 's price as it has too many flaws . We returned ours after our one 4 night trip with it . I 'm going to buy the Eureka Northern Breeze -LRB- $ 350 -RRB- and hope it 's a keeper.We were in a hurry to buy this as we had a last minute plan for a camping trip to Assateague Island . If I had the time to wait for shipping I would have bought the Eureka Northern Breeze . We do a fair amount of camping and quality is important to us , so the best shelter would have been worth the extra money . This Eddie Bauer shelter was in stock at Target , and is what I thought would be the best that I could do without waiting for shipping . Wrong . It is very disappointing . Our last shelter was a $ 50 one from K-Mart that we found ditched -LRB- free -RRB- at Assateague a few years ago . This shelter is a little better than the $ 50 one . It has a couple features that are nicer , but it will fail in about the same amount of time.If you have n't been to Assateague Island , it is surely one of the better testing sites for a shelter . People regularly flee , leaving stuff behind when the weather gets rough . Broken shelters and tents are usually seen around the dumpsters . It is a barrier island beach , with nothing around to slow the wind or shade the sun . This shelter did fine there when staked down properly with 3 extra -LRB- not included -RRB- guy lines . Our $ 50 shelter also did fine . The 6 sides on this one vs. the typical 4 sides makes for much more work in properly securing it . I 've been watching everyone elses shelters at Assateague for a few years and I think that the Eureka branded ones really do look like the sturdiest . The weakest ones that I 've seen are the E-Z up style ones -LRB- although not neccessarily that brand -RRB- also anything that has fiberglass poles .
 I was attracted to the size , shape , and color , for that I give it a star , but I was soon disappointed . First , it came damaged with a damaged pole and a small tear . I bought it from a Target store ; it must have been used and returned -LRB- I understand why -RRB- . Putting a splint on a damaged pole we were able to assemble it in about an hour , but it blew over with the slightest wind , although we were only using 2 of the tie downs . I highly doubt it would stand up to a thunderstorm ; as it was down before a thunderstorm blew through . The poles are very weak . Now I see reviews on the Target website saying it came down in the rain . I can see where rain would cause it to collapse . I 'm returning it.The extra hexagonal piece that someone mentioned in a previous review is a template that you place on the ground , to help in proper pole spacing ; it 's very important for `` stablility '' . This piece comes off , once the screen house is assembled , if left in place it would be a tripping hazard .
 Took 2 of us about 1/2 hr to setup and less than a 10 min rain to take down !!! We had very little problems setting this unit up . This was not our first time using it . As other reviewers mentioned the poles came apart during assembly but we overcame that . We assembled according to instructions including staking it down which fortunately kept it in 1 big hump of dump when it came down . When night fell we were forced to go into the camper as the rain came . As was mentioned there was no way for the rain to run off . Rain collected in the center and within 5 min the whole thing collapsed knocking over the gas stove and the propane grill we had next to the picnic table . Thank God we were not underneath when it came down , so no one was hurt . Surprised to find no bent poles ... but two of the connectors were cracked beyond repair . Not sure how to proceed but for the price paid you would think the connectors would have been made out of something stronger ... Shame on you Eddie Bauer for putting your name on this product . Now I 'll be among the masses that wince when I hear your name !
 It lasted ONE DAY , it rain and the whole thing came down ... you get what you pay for ... it was not sturdy at all ... everything you do n't want a gazebo to be
 Canopy collapsed , broke and ripped after a rain shower . Very disappointed with the product . Very attractive looking but not durable .
 I could n't spend the $ 600 + it costs to get a proper roof rack , so I got this . I should mention I 'm also leasing a new car and that was partly the reason I was super uncomfortable seeing my kayak atop my Black Beauty with nothing between the roof save some foam blocks and , well , nothing else . The straps and ropes were high quality , I just thought this was all too untrustworthy for a car you care too much about and an expensive kayak you also love . I 'm tall , yet I still do n't know how people are putting this up on their roofs without any help . Knowing where to put the blocks on the kayak was also a problem . Once I figured that out , I could n't get the kayak onto the roof without additional help . The blocks also did n't stay where they were supposed to -LRB- yes , I tightened the straps -RRB- and my roof began caving in every time the kayak was put down . -LRB- 39 lb kayak , FYI . I 'd be afraid to see what a tandem does . -RRB- My kayak also touched the bare roof of the car a few times while I was trying to put the blocks back into place and I freaked . I knew then this was going back . Maybe I 'm doing something wrong , maybe I have n't practiced enough , but this just was n't for me.So I 'm not misunderstood . . the quality of the ropes and blocks seemed to be nice , but the idea of the product is what stinks and for that it gets a two .
 I ordered this Oriole 's jersey , and they shipped me a Brewer 's jersey . I contacted Amazon , and they said they would ship me the correct item . Yesterday I got a SECOND Brewer 's jersey in the mail . Now they are offering a refund , and will not correct the order .
 Initially , I only made it through about 10 minutes of the DVD before I turned it off . -LRB- However , I went back and sat through it all in order to give a proper review . -RRB- The approximately 5-minute yoga warm-up did n't feel like much of a warm up with not even one full sun salutation . The instructor does n't cue well and her directions are ambiguous . `` Roll up '' could mean move from child 's pose to chaturanga , or it could mean `` roll up '' vertebrae by vertebrae . This made it impossible to follow along without keeping my eyes glued to the screen which , in itself , was problematic since the instruction is a voice over and does n't always jibe with the visual . And the fact that it 's a voice over makes the vague cues even more frustrating.After a truncated lunge `` sequence '' on one side only , the warm-up cut off abruptly to the dance segment . The dance portion is around 15 minutes and it consists of the same -LRB- IIRC -RRB- four 8-counts done over and over . And that 's literally over and over , as the same video clips are repeated again and again interspersed with silent movie style black screens with the text like `` Great job ! '' or `` Are you feeling hot ? '' or some such `` encouraging '' headline . In my opinion , the dance steps were just plain goofy and no real instruction is given here or in the yoga segments . This is troubling for the yoga segments because there is no mention of form or alignment and some of the extras use downright scary form . Ending with a 5-1/2 minute `` yoga '' cool down , the entire workout clocks in at around 25 minutes.Honestly , this workout is so bad that I would n't even give it away . And I 'm not one who has a problem with `` homemade '' production values . I love Erich Shiffman 's Backyard series . But `` Hot & Stick-e '' comes across as amateurish , not low budget or `` indie . ''
 I only bought the dvd because the workout looked interesting and I was already planning to buy the socks and gloves . The socks and gloves I do like . The gloves bunch a little bit but have a bigger sticky pad than other yoga gloves I have tried . And the socks are very comfortable - I really like the weave of the fabric . Am I off topic ? Oh yeah , this review was supposed to be about the dvd . Just like my review , this dvd seems to have been created as an after thought . It 's terribly produced and very home made . The cuing is awful , and the instructor does not repeat the warm up moves on both sides of the body . The other negative review sums that up pretty well . I got nothing from this workout - the moves are laughingly bad . I did n't have the patience to make it past the 12 minute mark , but played part of it again to give my husband a good laugh . If you 're looking for good socks and gloves - by all means give the Stick-e brand a try . The workout ? um , no .
 I purchased my Texsport Black Ice `` Scouter '' cook set hoping for the best after reading numerous positive Amazon reviews.Either people are too incompetent to accurately judge the quality of items these days , or else they are lying to make themselves feel better for making the mistake of purchasing such a shoddy item . One or the other , and maybe it 's both in some cases.I paid $ 20 including shipping for my Black Ice Scouter cook set . That is all it is worth at best.Everything about the pots , pans , lids and handles are cheap and poorly made.Cheap cheap cheap . Made in China cheap.I am so glad I am only out a twenty spot on these emabarasingly poorly made pots and pans.If you are looking for a good , non-stick , anodized set of cookware for camping , hiking , and/or backpacking - purchase something else . Buy another brand . Texsport is pathetic .
 This would be a gread cookware , if ... . There is a very small warning message on the bottom of the box , saying THIS PRODUCT CONTAINS CHEMICALS , INCLUDING LEAD , KNOWN TO THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA TO CAUSE CANCER AND BIRTH DEFECTS OR OTHER REPRODUCTIVE HARM.How can they even sell it if it contains lead !!!!! I mean , it is a cookware !!!!! I was going to use for cooking for the family , but now I am too worried .
 Rec 'd subj cook set in Amazon package which included other purchase . Amazon box was in perfect condition . Wish we could report same on cook set . Made of light weight aluminum w/non-stick gray coating , the cook set arrived dented/bent . We decided to retain set since option to contact seller ` Amazon ' was not available . Given it 's camping cookware , we should presume future accidental dents , dropping of pots ... usual wear & tear from usage anyway . Just disappointed only option re condition was to return & hope replacement set would be in perfect condition-great unknown ...
 I had to laugh when I opened the box to this cooking set . It should n't even be advertised as a camping item . Well maby childrens camping items . My niece and great nephew was present when I opened it and my niece said , `` Is n't that a cute little cook set . '' so If you want a cute little , and I repeat little cooking set to go on your blazing camp fire then this is the cooking set for you . Do not get me wrong , it may be Ok for one person to boil water for tea or to reheat canned soup , or even if you are backpacking and do n't want to take up alot of space in a backpack then this set will work for you . But if you want to prepare meals for alot of people while camping , and I mean more than 2 people then this set is not for you . The quality of the pots , pan , and lids themselves seem to be lacking . The metal is very thin and the handles do not look like they will withstand any wear and tear . I would return this item but I am tired of returning merchandise rather it be purchased online or in a department store .
 The fit is comfortable but it fogs even though I applied anti-fog gel on it at many times . I eneded up using my old snorkel set on my vacation since this one had limited visibility . I would not buy it again , it is not worth the price .
 The mask and snorkel I received was by BodyGlove , not PROMATE , as advertised . I did not actually use the mask , as it arrived after I left for my vacation -LRB- through absolutely NO fault of amazon or the dealer -RRB- , so I do n't know how well it performs . Unfortunately , the mask was a little too small for me , so I will be returning it . Otherwise , I love the bright pink color !
 First of all , if you check the other reviews , you 'll find a number of different types of masks and snorkels have been sold , and are being sold , by Amazon under this same name . Some reviews mention the included fins , which are no longer part of this set . It is advertised as being made by PROMATE , but ours had a Body Glove label.Hence , the reviews here may have no relation to what you will receive if you order this set . My wife and I ordered the exact same set as part of the same order . The only difference being the color . Her mask was significantly different in construction than mine . Her mask seemed to work ok for her . Mine had a strap that would not stay tight . Every 15 minutes or so , it had to be readjusted . Which I found nearly impossible to do when in the water , even when wearing a life jacket , which my snorkeling trip operators required . I really had to get out of the water , and work on the strap for several minutes to get it tight again . Repeat fifteen minutes later ... My snorkel guide spent 15 minutes trying to fix it for me , but had no luck with it either . If , like me , you find yourself on a 45 minute group snorkel trip , with no way to get out of the water until it 's over , you are going to be miserable with a mask that keeps filling up with water.Oh , and the purge valve , as another commenter noted , is a joke . Yes , you can see it there , but you will never be able to get it to work . When water begins to fill the mask , you have to hold it tight against your face , and blow the water out the soft bottom seal . The purge valve does nothing ... Our snorkels , other than color , turned out to be identical . Which means neither of them was `` dry '' . Yes , probably if you dived underwater it would close up . But if a wave washes over you , or you turn your head sideways to look at a fish , and water washes into the top , you are going to get a mouthful of water.I had purchased this set because I needed a new mask . I made the mistake of using this snorkel that came as part of the set . Luckily , I also brought along my 10 year old Ocean Master 3D Dry snorkel . Changing to this , I got not a drop of water , even when snorkeling thru some pretty rough waves that kept washing over me . Amazon has it for sale thru LeisurePro for nearly the cost of this mask and snorkle set.Famous Brand by Ocean Master Taiwan 3D Dry Snorkel is Back!If like us , you are going to spend thousand of dollars on a trip where you plan to snorkel , do yourself a favor . Pay a few dollars more for a quality snorkel that wo n't let you down when you are in the middle of the ocean . And get a scuba quality mask that will stay in place , and then actually purge if necessary . I buy scores of things a year from Amazon , saving me a lot of money , but this purchase was a mistake that lowered the quality of our trip.We are returning both of our snorkel sets , and buying my wife an Ocean Master snorkel . Then we are going to start shopping for some quality masks .
 I ordered this Oriole 's jersey , and they shipped me a Brewer 's jersey . I contacted Amazon , and they said they would ship me the correct item . Yesterday I got a SECOND Brewer 's jersey in the mail . Now they are offering a refund , and will not correct the order .
 My only problem with this pack ordered from this site is the original water bottles are -LRB- 2 -RRB- 1000 ml GE Lexan type.They are replaced with -LRB- 2 -RRB- smaller 500 ml bottles which do not fit the bottle pouches or bungee holders.You will need to rig a better holder for the smaller bottles untill you purchase the 1000ml ones.The High Sierra Mesa is made to hold -LRB- 2 -RRB- 1000ml Bottles.Amazon sells the original bottles for just over $ 5.00 each.The smaller bottles are made to fit High Sierra 's Talus Lumbar pack .
 My mistake for assuming something like this would be designed in a rational way . This has two large water bottles but they are too big for the belt and are designed to lean away from the body from the top of the bottle , which the photo does not show . This creates more pull on the belt and the body and more bouncing movement . This is not a serious item . It 's more of a gimmick .
 I ordered this Oriole 's jersey , and they shipped me a Brewer 's jersey . I contacted Amazon , and they said they would ship me the correct item . Yesterday I got a SECOND Brewer 's jersey in the mail . Now they are offering a refund , and will not correct the order .
 Despite the minimal product description , there is maximum misinformation.Product does NOT work on all Total Gym Models , and DOES require accessories . Be sure to buy hundres of dollars of thier stuff to use this .
 Ordered 3 packs of 3 different Adidas . 2 packages -LRB- 1 white and 1 brown -RRB- were great but the men 's low cut black were way too small for my feet . All were marked to be the same size !
 I know , why bother reviewing socks ?! Because your feet deserve it . Lame.Pros
 It is as described but damn , what a tiny pack , I would say good for 3 or 4 cleanings only .
 Probably enough patches for one or two cleanings . Never have I seen this small a quantity of patches . I 'm sure the quality is al right , I guess the ad looked larger that it really was . That one is on me , but it wo n't happen again .
 These are the worst sheets I have ever purchased . First , they are not `` Georgia Tech '' sheets . They say `` Go Team '' , which is n't clear from the description or pictures.Second , they fit very poorly -- the full size might fit a twin size bed , but they are too small for my son 's full size bed . Finally , the description said the set came with 1 pillow case . I thought that was odd since it was a full size set , but that 's what it said . As a result , I ordered -LRB- and paid for -RRB- a second pillow case . As it turns out , the set did come with a second pillow case so I now have to send the extra one I ordered back and have wasted however much money I spent in shipping . I only give it one star because it would n't accept it without any stars .
 For a pair of socks that cost 21-22 dollars they are poorly made !!!! I wore them one time and there 's a hole in them already !!!!!
 very , very poor quality , dull color , horrible purchase ; so many financial restrictions on returning them , I simply put them in a clothing bin
 it did not work . Defective . I installed it and it did not work . It did not work . It did not work .
 I ordered This almost 20 Days Ago And still Havent recieved it.So Im Completely Done With this seller.If you Expect it a Certin Time Dont Bother .
 I owned a similar Columbia jacket years ago -LRB- not sure exact style -RRB- but I know that even then I would n't have spend an arm and a leg on it , so I figured it was reasonable to compare the two . This jacket feels incredibly cheap ! It 's ok , keeps me warm . A nice light fleece , but I was expecting something a little heavier and more durable . Hanging this over the back of my chair , I was worried that the posts on the chair were going to pop a hole through ! They are n't pointy and are a good size , at least an inch , and this was n't by exerting any sort of force on the jacket.The seller shipped me the wrong color anyway , and I 'm supposed to be getting a full refund . Otherwise , I 'd likely return it and fork some money out for something worthwhile .
 I was trying unsuccessfully to replace a really nice white Columbia fleece jacket that I bought some years ago which resisted stains amazingly , looks really nice on me , and goes with everything . This is not it . This -LRB- Benton Springs Style Number 209 WL 6114 -RRB- is a cheap imitation of my old fleece Columbia jacket -LRB- style number 207 WL6114 -RRB- . I bought three Benton Springs jackets on 1-27-2010 at Sports Authority and I 'm returning at least the two white ones , where the difference in quality is really noticable . I 'm going to keep a navy blue one where the inferior cut , styling , workmanship , and quality control is not as noticable . In white , mine look cheap and slightly flawed , workmanship wise . I have another white fleece jacket from Walmart with the same problem that came as a liner with a -LRB- cheap -RRB- white raincoat.Another difference is that the new ones are fuzzier , softer and thicker and the white is pinker . That would be fine if it hung and fit nicely like it 's predessor.It 's so hard to replace women 's clothes when they wear out , even in classic styles . Often I have to go to another brand to get the same thing since it 's `` out of style '' in the brand I start with . Are they assuming it never wears out ? The zipper eventually broke on my original Columbia fleece jacket , not before I got a lot of wear out of it , and a white jacket can not stay stain free forever even though this fabric was very stain resistant .
 I ordered this item through Amazon from The Fashion Rack on December 8 , 2010 and never recieved it . I have ordered many things from Amazon and have always received them , but did not recieve my order from The Fashion Rack or a response from The Fashion Rack . I watched the USPS tracking as it came to my state then went to a totally different state . I emailed The Fashion Rack through Amazon and never got a response to my email . I have emailed a second time still waiting to hear something .
 I ordered this columbia fleece in a size small . I received it today and it was a medium . The tag on the inside of the jacket says medium , and the sticker on the bag it was packaged it said medium , but the price tag said it was a small . The jacket is way too big for me , and I would like to return it . I am hesitant though , because I 'm worried that if I return it and order from this seller again I will receive another jacket in the wrong size . Has anyone else had this problem ?
 Although I ordered the size I usually wear , the sleeves were much too long and it was n't large enough around the bust even though it was advertised as being loose fitting . Apparently this item was designed for tall , slender women with long arms . The advertising is misleading .
 I am seriously disappointed in Emergency Essentials with this transaction . They advertised 3 products at over 75 % off
 So do you really get six pouches of this for the listed $ 4.79 , or do you only get a single pouch ? Normally the price would be around $ 5 per pouch which makes this listing appear to be a mistake.Giving low review because of confusion . Will adjust to five stars if this turns out to be true for this price .
 It clearly states there is one available . I ordered it , got confirmation and then later got a message it was cancelled , with no explanation . Do n't advertise something you do not have .
 this hat is not as pictured . since SU changed their logo to the block 'S ' I have hated it and was excited to think this hat would have the old logo , it does n't . all around it 's probably still a good hat , quality wise .
 Do not use on your own hair as some people suggested in their reviews . It makes human hair fall out alot !!!!
 I ordered these sheets from another website . The quality is soooo poor . First of all , the sheets say `` Go Team Go '' instead of the team name so the only thing specific to the team is the pillowcase . They are very thin jersey fabric -- like an undershirt . You can see straight through them . The so-called `` fitted '' sheet does not fit the mattress . They come off the bed when my son sleeps on them . They come out of the dryer a wrinkled mess . I recommend you buy a better quality plain white sheet and just get some team shams . I wish I had ...
 I paid more than average for these sheets because they were advertised as `` Made in USA . '' When I received the sheets , they were made in Pakistan . I did not order these to help out Pakistan but to help out American workers ! Very disappointing !
 On the product description it says 6 in each case . I was under the assumption I was buying 6 for 10.77 , which would have been an amazing deal , but it turned out I paid that price for a single pouch which is kind of high . I could have bought the same item for about 20 % less at my local outdoor outfitter .
 Not horrible and would be just fine if there was nothing else but this bag o ' chili-mac is not for those with a sensitive stomach . I can take a lot of spice but this meal , which is not spicy , sat in my belly like a brick , not to mention leaving aftertaste that lasted long after I brushed my teeth with baking soda . Twice .
 Not horrible and would be just fine if there was nothing else but this bag o ' chili-mac is not for those with a sensitive stomach . I can take a lot of spice but this meal , which is not spicy , sat in my belly like a brick , not to mention leaving aftertaste that lasted long after I brushed my teeth with baking soda . Twice.If you 're looking for something to stock up on for WTSHTF , avoid this .
 It is a fairly nice , fairly cheap holster , but for a 1911-style weapon , the securing strap comes over too far down , lining up with the high point on the back strap rather than where it should across the firing pin / hammer . In the illustration they show a Ruger and this holster might be good for other weapons , but in spite of the manufacturer claim that it fits a 1911 , it does not.I will try to upload photos I shot to illustrate the incompatibility.I 'm very disappointed at having to return yet another item purchased on Amazon .
 not impressed with this product . cork in the shuttlecocks does not let them fly good . too light weight .
 Red paint on both the patch holder and the rod chips and rubs off after only a handful of uses . Fortunately the paint is red and easily removed from the barrel & shell chambers . I used this to clean both an automatic pistol and a revolver . The Saf-T-Clad appears to be nothing more than paint .
 The 98 custom is amazing , but for the price you could almost get a flatline barrel instead . A 21 '' barrel is useless , anything over 14 '' will increase friction and not accuracy , while increasing the the chances you will be seen due to the impractical size . If you want range and and accuracy go with the flatline . The remote is bound to get caught on things , I have seen it happen . If you want the true altimate sniper package , get a tippmann 98 custom with a flateline barrel , it is smaller and more effective .
 I tried installing 3 times with latest PC , fast Pentium , disabled all anti-virus programs , lots of space , etc. . Every 3rd screen approximately goes bad ... e.g. half or more of picture is `` grayed '' out with no image visible ... some times small parts of screen are blanked out including the club head and grip areas . In short it is not reliable and I returned to the vendor
 I have had a lot of fun with the TW PGA Golf series over the years -LRB- since the 2002 version -RRB- , but it seems like EA Games is taking steps backwards in the past couple of years . The 2007 version is the worst of the bunch . The game itself runs smoothly and is pretty , but that does n't really matter when the AI is stupid - like taking chip shots in the middle of the fairway 140 yards from the green , repeatedly doing the same failed shot over and over until forced to concede , and standing in the way of other player 's shots.When you set up your player , you have to choose a `` home course '' which you 're pretty much forced to stay on until you get a low enough handicap - but there is no way to change it once selected , other than deleting your character and starting all over . This is not a big deal on easier courses , but EA has always had this thing where they put in one or two `` fantasy '' courses in the mix which are freaking impossible - and you wo n't know until you select the course if that 's the one you picked . Case in point , the Central Park course -LRB- sounds innocuous , right ? -RRB- . This course is ridiculously hard , especially when you start with a new amateur player who ca n't even hit a driver more than 175 yards . On several of the holes you just have to keep hitting OOB until you concede , then go on from there . The problem is , doing that you will NEVER make it past your first season.Sometimes I 've been assessed an OOB penalty when my ball was clearly in bounds . Other times I 've been forced to take drops when my ball is sitting in the fairway . Where 's the fun in that?And talk about frustrating bugs - I just finished an entire yearlong season , and was playing in the final championship 2-rounder before I was advancved to the Pro level , and the game came up and said `` Congratulations ! You just broke the season record for lowest average score ! < OK > '' Unfortunately , the < OK > button did n't work , forcing me to Ctrl-Alt-Del and kill the game from Windows , the result of which was that it `` conceded '' my second round in the championship . That means that I now have to go play an entire NEW season just to advance ! ARRRGH!If you want mindless golf play , this game might be for you - at a price of maybe $ 10.00 . But for the price EA Games is charging it 's a crime . I think I 'm about to go back to Links -LRB- which I switched from in 2002 -RRB- .
 I bought this game not once but twice and neither runs in my computer . I thought maybe the first disk was defective so I bought a second and it failed to work also . I run Windows XP and all other games boot up but one will not run . For me it was a complete waste of money.Richard
 I 'm a big fan of the games on my Xbox . I 'm unwilling to upgrade to an Xbox 360 , just for one game . So I decided to get the PC version . The bugs varied from bad to worse . Any morning game gave a black screen . It would get stuck on viewing the course , and view it when any key was pressed . At times I had to try and swing the club with the camera panning the course , and hope for the best . By the middle of the course , it would lock completely.I see they have dropped the price to 14.99 from 19.99 . I would not even pay that much for any EA PC game at this point . I have hopes that it will get patched . I 'll keep it around and see , but anyone would put out a game this badly done has big problems.Graphic are worse than the Xbox version . Game play is worse than the Xbox version . Nothing good I can say about this game.It looks like it might be a good game , if not better than earlier Xbox versions , if it would work . The bugs make it totally unplayable .
 We have never played the game since it freezes the computer everytime we try to run it . Customer support has provided `` fixes '' , but none of them work . Good luck if you choose to purchase this .
 Most of the time , you expect the physics of a golf game to be a little more forgiving than real life . It is the complete opposite in this game . I think pro golfers would do more poorly playing Tiger Woods 07 than doing the real thing.What kind of caddy would recommend a club that hits directly into the middle of a water hazard ? If you have to hit over a water hazard from the rough , you might as well hit backwards to the fairway . Why ? The rough acts like velcro to your ball , and makes it like swinging through water with your club . I 've golfed a time or two in real life , and with a good followthrough , I can hit a shot from the rough almost as far as from the fairway . In general , the ball does n't roll as far as it would in real golf , even on the fairway . And the rough just kills it . I 'm proud to say I downloaded this game with the intention of buying it if I liked it , because now I 've saved myself the money . It 's worthless . Go play real golf ; you 'll have more fun even if you suck at it .
 I ordered the Tiger Woods 07 for PC-CD-ROM . That is what 's listed on the web site and what was listed on my invoice . However , what was shipped was a PC-DVD version , which of course wo n't play unless you have a CD-DVD in your computer . In talking with Amazon , they do n't know what the problem is . There is no listing for the CD-DVD format , actually not even on EA Sports web site . So , no one can even tell me if the thing is available for CD-ROM . Very frustrating .
 It 's pretty evident why this game crashed in price so quickly - it 's no improvement over the 2004 version despite EA having 3 full years to give the series more gas.It looks the same , plays the same , takes away the Hawaii courses and actually seems to play a bit slower even though I have a fairly robust PC - Core2 6300 + 7600GT Overclocked + 1.5 GB RAM.At $ 20 or less it 's pretty much a disposable game , and for first time buyers you might as well take the plunge . For upgraders , you should wait , and continue to enjoy the 2004 version .
 For once in my life I actually understand now when people write ` If I could give it zero stars I would . ' This version of TW is not fit to be a coaster on a table . I think the people of Electronic Arts owe everyone that bought this trash an apology , as well as a refund . It 's Ironic that they do not even print an e-mail address in the manual for this game to contact the customer support department . The only true way to get a hold of them is to create an account on their website . Here are my complaints about the game :1 st It does n't work , when I mean it does n't work , it wont boot in three of my computers , all being well above the minimum in system requirements .2 nd in the single system it does work in , you must disable everything in the startup using msconfig and reboot the system with nothing running on the system , meaning zero firewall , zero AV , nada zip zilch .3 rd you must be running current drivers on EVERYTHING , or actually I found it that through updating my single systems DirectX to version 10 , Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS card and as well as my Radon x1650 it finally work , when I included the 2nd step above , mind you this was only one single time . It never worked after that.I went so far as to rebuild the one computer fresh that is did work on . I figured well , it 's been about a year I 'll freshen up the computer with a new install of XP on a formatted hard disk with all the patches . It never worked again after that.I know this will more then likely fall of deft ears and EA junk creators will never see this which is a travesty , because I know that if I sold a product such as this or did not care to support it I 'd be out of business.It is in my book the biggest piece of trash someone could every buy.PLease dont waste your MONEY or time on this product .
 I own every version of the TW series from 2003 to 2007 . Here is an honest look at the 07 PC version of EA Sports latest golf sim . On the plus side ; new lighting techniques as well as improved textures with grass and water have improved the overall appearance of the game significantly . It helps to have a higher end video card in order to fully appreciate the new look . As far as the CD version versus the DVD version of this game . I have never seen a CD version and would not know where to purchase one . When this game was released in October of 2005 , it was so full of bugs that it was almost laughable . Only funny if you did not invest $ 35 plus and received the game as a gift . The most obvious flaw is the fact that the game chooses to ignore the most fundamental rules of golf . It will call balls out of bounds that clearly are in play , and will give you free drops with no penalty for balls that are clearly out of play . The Antialiasing settings on your graphics card are not functional within the game therefore creating jagged outlines arround bunkers and other terrain . In the past , all previous versions of TW were Beta Tested and not released before most problems that arose were fixed prior to the game 's release . For some reason , there was no Beta Testing done on the 07 version and therefore none of the problems within the 07 version were ever taken care of . Not Beta Testing , I think was EA 's way of implementing cost control . There supposedly is a patch for the game in the works from EA in an attempt to at least repair some of the most obvious bugs . If you are a fan of the TW series , you are familiar with the Course Architect that is available for download from EA usually 30 to 60 days after the games initial release . With the Architect you are able to design your own courses . There are hundreds of custom courses available on the net that other people have created and most of them are better than the Stock Courses that come with the game . EA in their wisdom have chosen not to release a Course Architect for the 07 version up to this point , and talk has it that it may never be released . The 07 game manual clearly advertises an Architect for this game , allowing you to create your own designs . This has become a major issue because although most designers have adapted the 06 CA to work in the 07 version , there are visual flaws such as visible Pano seams and the overall sub standard look of the water textures used in the 06 to 07 conversion courses . The problem lies in the new lighting and pano techniques used in 07 that the 06 Architect is simply not capable of dealing with , resulting in small visual glitches throughout most if not all of the conversion courses . To sum it up ; If you can buy the game for under $ 20 , buy it . It is worth the money just for the overall improved visuals of the courses . Infact , the Stock Courses are better looking than in any previous versions . Unfortunately , the Audio Commentary is last years -LRB- identical -RRB- , the Gallery if used are the same cloned stick like people as in the 06 version . In my opinion , the Platform version of this game markedly better . You get more courses , as well as better looking Galleries and overall animation . The quality of the PC version suggests to me that EA is not really concerned anymore with producing a great TW game for the computer player . Their concentrated efforts seem to be more directed towards the Console versions of this game . The reason ; more provitable would be my guess . I know this review is rather lengthly but hopefully helpful to some of you , in order to make the educated decision on whether to purchase this version or wait till next year , if there is a next year 's version . There are numerous other reviews all over the net in regards to this game , so if you are really interested in this version , check out all other reviews starting with the EA Sports Web Site under the Forum header .
 no good walk through or instuctions of how to preform swing . HAVE TO FIGHT THROUGH IT
 When the DVD plays Tiger only , everything is great . I ca n't custom golf , play any courses with other players as the system will blank out after Tiger tees off . I 've tried to start the games over but the DVD wo n't let me . Very disappointing . I have not loaded the other DVD 's I received as of yet . Thank you for your interest .
 I do not want to watch AI players line of the damn shots and address the ball . Nor do I want to sort through a million golfing outfits , compiled primarily of different colored polo shirts . EA spent far too much time designing dress-up aspects of the game instead of focusing more upon the playability.First , you start out as a `` Hack '' playing against friends and colleagues ... as you complete matches , you gain attribute points which essentially make your player a better golfer . All is fine except for one aspect , as you progress so do your friends and colleagues , which makes the whole attribute point system almost worthless.There are annoying camera angles , such as peering through the bushes ... except all you see is grass , or trees.There are bugs ... sometimes I would hit the ball in a particular area , and the game would say it was an unplayable ball , even though it was n't . Basically , I would not recommend this game ... it 's annoying and frustrating .
 I got TW PGA06 for a penny and enjoyed it . I jumped on version 07 hoping to get all the bell and whistles of the marketing hype of easports , especially the practice stuff . Well , there is none of that on the PC version . You have to get on e of the console version . And be careful , not all of them got all features . EAsport is very bad at documenting which feature is in which version . 07 as an improvement of 06 , I would have hoped to get these features . But not , there nothing new
 Would not load correctly on my computer.No audio.Very poor graphics.Crashed several times.The number of drivers/add-ons to supposedly fix the problems was overwhelming so I returned the product.If you have TW06 you do n't even need this version .
 I had a previous version of TW Golf -LRB- 02 or 03 ?? -RRB- and had the best time with it on a modest laptop . So , I bought '07 and expected the same ... boy was I wrong . I have an above average speed laptop with a decent graphics card and the game runs like molasses in winter . The hole view does n't even show up half the time and the game graphics in general are a joke . In addition , the players responses to shots are inaccurate . You make a putt and the players response is of disappointment . A tap in type putt requires the swing of a 50 ' putt ?? When the putt is missed -LRB- or made -RRB- the player does this wierd back bend ... thing . I 'm not even sure the human body could do what they do ... at least not without serious injury . Honestly ... the entire game is poorly designed and almost unplayable . I am really suprised and disappointed . Seriously ... are these games beta tested or just shipped out ??? This will be the last EA game I purchase . Thanks for ruining computer gaming EA !
 I was looking for a game that I could play on Windows 7 . You can guess how much I like it .
 False advertising ! This ice chest does not have the dimensions advertised for the 54 qt . ice chest -LRB- 25.3 L x 17W x 15H -RRB- . It measures only 20L x 13W x 13H . It 's also red and not orange .
 The cooler is not how it is pictured . I needed a orange cooler and it is red . So I am not happy and it would cost more than it 's worth to send back !
 i havent used them as of yet , but they were so big they could barely even fit in the package . they seem like good gloves though , besides the fact that they look like Mickey Mouse gloves .
 From the title of the item you may understand that there are 2 brushes . However is only one for 12 gauge . In general from this seller -LRB- outdoor bunker -RRB- the items arrive late.Other than that it is the normal brush that you will expect . Nothing special , kind of short .
 I was very disappointed when I received my purchase . The knife had a huge chip out of the handle . This was suppose to be a gift ... there is no way I can use this for a gift !
 I 'm exciting to receive it , but when i check it with detail , i 'm disappointed.One of the tools is broken , after i take it up , i ca n't take it back !!!
 Unfortunately , the birthday gift did n't work out because I have gotten a used one . Maybe , you will be luckier than me .
 Why do these still exist ? Swiss Army knives are the worst at cutting , the worst at trimming , the worst at opening wine bottles , well ... you get it . Yes , you say , but at least I have all the worst tools in one place . Correct , but maybe you should just get organized and have what you need in a conveniently accessible place . Swiss Army knives suck . Just check out the main cutting blade , and see if you can keep a sharp edge on it longer than one day . And now ... you can get a SAK with a MP3 player of Flash drive on it ... Wow . Why do n't we just sell the computer ?
 Unfortunately , the birthday gift did n't work out because I have gotten a used one . Maybe , you will be luckier than me .
 Why do these still exist ? Swiss Army knives are the worst at cutting , the worst at trimming , the worst at opening wine bottles , well ... you get it . Yes , you say , but at least I have all the worst tools in one place . Correct , but maybe you should just get organized and have what you need in a conveniently accessible place . Swiss Army knives suck . Just check out the main cutting blade , and see if you can keep a sharp edge on it longer than one day . And now ... you can get a SAK with a MP3 player of Flash drive on it ... Wow . Why do n't we just sell the computer ?
 Very very disappointing . It will not fit any of our 3 vehicles . It is way to small . Do . Of buy this product .
 Bought for my 2001 Ford F-150 and the cover snapped in half during installation . Easy to install after it broke . Good luck .
 I got this for the Ruger LC9 . It held the gun , but with minimal retention . It is OK as a basic holster to wear to the range , but I would not trust it with any secure retention .
 I did not buy one of these from amazon , but tried one in my local gun shop . IT WOULD NOT FIT MY SCCY CPX 2 . However i tried a couple of other ones and the TA-M fobus holster for the Taurus Millennium 32 , 380 , 9mm fit perfectly .
 This holster is not for the sccy cpx 9mm it will only go in part way it dose not lock in . I emailed fobus and was told thatit would not work so this is false advertising if you ask me it will work with the kel tec and lc9 but not sccy cpx
 I bought this for my KelTec P3-AT . However , the KelTec would notfit into the holster . The holster itself is a piece of hard plasticthat is supposed to be molded just right for this KelTec ... but it is n't . The pistol would not seat in the holster and more than half of it was hangingout of the holster . Buy a leather holster and forget about these cheap plastic ones .
 Does n't hold my gun securely . I have a Gov ' t Issue 1911 and it will slid around a little . THe whole thing feels a bit cheap but it does do the job of keeping it locked up and inaccessible . Still , I do n't like it enough to actually use it .
 THE PICTURE SHOWS A 1911 IN THE CASE . IT WIL FIT A 1911 BUT IT IS A BOOGER TO GET THE MAGAZINE IN AND CLOSE THE CASE . I WOULD HAVE RETURNED THE PRODUCTS -LRB- I BOUGHT TWO -RRB- BUT IT IS TOO MUCH OF A HASSLE . I 'LL USE THEM FOR SOMETHING .
 This product is poorly made but I guess like the old saying goes , `` You get what you pay for '' . If you have a toy pistol than this product will be ideal . The flexible hinge does n't look very durable and probably will fail after time . This is the reason I rated it two stars .
 Case was mislead because the picture does not show the clips . The case so far has no technical problems , it is however just not what I expected . It 's small , but cheaply made , the clip mechanism is a snap-like action with no folds , so it reminds me of how ammo cases are folded . The package also took long to arrive . The case is overpriced for the quality , but nonetheless it has n't broke down yetEDIT
 I have n't seen deception like this for some time . The title description of the item uses the word cover ; however the rest of the Description is specifically for a Ritchie Navigator Series compass . No where in the Description is it said that the item for sale is for a cover only , for the compass ? I almost fell for the advertisement . I wanted to compare prices so I went to Defender Marine . Defender 's price for the same Navigator Compass Item # 802919 , described on Amazon from Boaters World , is $ 229.99 . Again one must remember `` Buyer Beware '' , or you may get `` skinned '' . I expect it was just a `` typo '' .
 This is a pocket knife that does n't fit in a pocket , with implements that get in each others way and a blade that 's illegal carry in most civilized societies . Why did they even bother giving it an ergonomic profile , I wonder , when the bulging tools makes it impossible to wrap your fingers around the handles?Fact is , in this price/weight category the folding knife form factor has been rendered obsolete by the pliers-based design , and the Workchamp stands as a relic of a bygone era . Those looking for a beefy tool should consider the Victorinox Spirit instead
 These are a synthetic fiber . In my opinion , they do not do half as well as a good cotton patch . They do no handle lubricants or gunk as well as a cotton patch .
 I mounted this compass in my boat and in less than one season it has lost all of it 's fluid and is dry as English humor . The compass disk now just bounces around in the unit and I do n't know where the heck I 'm headed . I 'll go get a cheapie next time and if it fails , then I wo n't have lost so much money .
 I 'm reading the reviews here and need to inform both shoppers and Amazon that the rod and reels offered here are a cheap Chinese-made knockoff of the original pen fishing rods and reels . The genuine rods are made with titanium fittings and aluminum and do n't break under regular or even tough use . Their reels are first class all the way.The genuine manufacturer is Penfishingrods dot com and they DO NOT sell through third parties - only direct .
 Gave this to my son as a present , he was hoping that it would be a good sabiki rod . Unfortunately the reel broke before he ever had a chance to use it . We would not recommend .
 I do n't like how it had metallic fasteners exposed enough to rub against the gun if you draw it a certain way . Also there was no adjustment that I seen to its fit and it was too difficult to draw the gun from the holster . Returned it and plan to look for a drop leg holster . This style just sits too high .
 I needed some smaller patches for my 22 and these are just too small to be effective for cleaning the barrel because they slide right through . I would not purchase again .
 These are not my cup of tea , but it might be your 's . It just does n't seem to do the job or the way I like to do it with cotton or flannel patches . To me it seems too thin to do a good job .
 when i recived this it was late getting here then it was broken and they put us threw hoops to return it it was so difficult to return we ended up just keeping it and are out alot of money .
 The synthetic fibers here do n't seem to hold much cleaner/oil , and I do n't care for the feel of the patches at all . I 'll use these for a while , but wo n't buy more .
 These patches are too thin and do n't absorb very much . They are not made of woven cloth but rather some sort of pressed fiber material which is more like paper than cloth .
 tchs are made of a mesh material that disolves whenb used . If you use it with a brush it sill stick to and ruin the brush . DO NOT STE YOUR MONEY . This is not a cotton patch
 I found , much to my disappointment , that these patches are not the traditional flannel patches . They appear to be polyester or some similar fibre . In use , I found them to be flimsy , requiring that two patches be used together to get a tight enough fit to the bore . They are also not very absorbent or durable .
 Not made of cotton . Very thin and roof . Def looking into another cleaning patch for handgun . I wish I would have read more reviews . Lesson learned
 This Porti-potty is very small and cheap . I would suggest spending a few dollars more for a larger one . Also it is better to buy one with a snorkle for ease of dumping .
 Bad quality cristal , too soft , i fall down into the floor and broke the cristal and the metal band . It 's imposible to me belive tha the original price could be 400 . - $ , NEVER .
 I ordered these sheets from another website . The quality is soooo poor . First of all , the sheets say `` Go Team Go '' instead of the team name so the only thing specific to the team is the pillowcase . They are very thin jersey fabric -- like an undershirt . You can see straight through them . The so-called `` fitted '' sheet does not fit the mattress . They come off the bed when my son sleeps on them . They come out of the dryer a wrinkled mess . I recommend you buy a better quality plain white sheet and just get some team shams . I wish I had ...
 I paid more than average for these sheets because they were advertised as `` Made in USA . '' When I received the sheets , they were made in Pakistan . I did not order these to help out Pakistan but to help out American workers ! Very disappointing !
 The plastic base weakens in the sunlight and braks off . I have two of these lights and each broke within a couple of years .
 One almost gets the feeling this product is no different than a widely used lubricant called WD40 which is a fraction of the price .
 Not exactly what I expected . The fold is a bit akward , though it stores nicely . Fork portion of the spork is dispraportionate to the spoon section making it very hard to use as a fork .
 This item was expensive and I put off buying it for a long time for that reason . When I finally did buy it I found that the connection between the bowl and the handle bent easily and would not stand up it 's use as a fork . Better to buy either two items or to get some thing else . No significant savings on weight versus utility .
 I now unfortunately own this POS and the far superior Optimus folding spork . The Brunton one is crap . It came loose so that when you pushed the bar down to tighten nothing happened . I bought it because of the backpackers choice endorsement . The quality control must have changed or the Optimus one was not out when reviewed . Besides the issue of the spork not working -LRB- a big issue -RRB- it is slightly smaller than the Optimus one and the handle does not fold around the back of the spoon so it does not sit as tightly together.Do yourself a favor buy the Optiums one . I will be .
 This thing is junk . The spork part is bendable . Titanium should be stronger than steel . I suspect that this is in fact aluminum with a titanium coating . It 's not strong enough to be worth $ 10 . It 's only as strong as a plastic spork , and $ 10 worth of plastic sporks will last a very long time .
 I knew that people loved Kelly Coffey Meyer so I picked this video from the good reviews elsewhere . If it was the only workout I had done in my life I might be happy , but there were several problems with the workout.The menu is basically a la carte . You can choose each segment that they offer and after each is complete like warmup , biceps , triceps , etc , you end up back at the menu . It was awkward to continuously drop weights to hit a button on the remote to get to the next step . So I chose one of the two premixes she offered . They were okay except for the flow . She would end one segment telling you to pick up medium weights and then it would go into the next section and she would say `` So you have light weights now , let 's get started . '' At the end of the premix , you are stuck having to get yourself manually to the cooldown/stretch which is really yoga , so even the premixed workouts missed a piece in there.There are NO ABS on this tape that I could find unless you consider some pieces of the yoga/stretch segment like plank to be abs.I 've done other videos and found they are so well done when they mix up these sections that it 's hard to come to something like this that seems like it was n't well thought-out or edited - which is so hard to imagine when you see the closing credits and all the people who are involved in these videos . Especially for the fact it cost more than the other videos out there .
 I had been looking for some strength training videos that focused more on heavy weights for a little while and I saw some video clips of this one and thought that it would meet my needs . I had not worked out with weights for years , the heaviest ones that I own are 8 lbs , but I figured that they would be a good starting point and I planned to buy more as I progressed . It was shocking to me that even after doing both of the main premixes -LRB- cant remember what they are called , but its the first two -RRB- several times , and even after doing some of the other premixes , I was NEVER sore or felt like I really accomplished anything . Before I purchased this DVD , while I was watching the videos of it , I was thinking that even if I did n't use any weights , I should be able to feel some type of soreness or evidence of a great workout . But even after several runs using my 8 lb -LRB- heavy for me -RRB- weights , I felt nothing , even days later . Now , maybe I could have bought heavier weights , but I think heavier weights would have hurt my joints -LRB- with some of the moves -RRB- as I do n't think I 'm that strong yet ; and also , like I 've already stated , I thought I should have been able to feel it without having to use weights . Also , her cardio moves leave a lot to be desired . I barely broke a sweat . I am returning this product and am going for Chalean Extreme .
 The description says the item is a box with six four ounce aerosol cans per box . It also says the item was originally $ 39.50 but marked down to $ 6.18 . Supposedly I was going to save $ 33 per box . I ordered two items thinking I was getting two boxes of six four ounce cans . I only received two four ounce cans . Please clean up this listing , Amazon ! I am very disappointed in that I needed more than two cans for care packages going to Afghanistan .
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!! the tool seems durable but as soon as i took it out of the box i noticed it was used . dirt in crevices and some kind of brown stuff in the teeth of the pliers . is this legal ? for someone to tell you that this is new and sell you something that is clearly used ? the tool is fine but the seller is a con artist . dont buy from the seller . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!! this maybe the last time i buy off amazon . no quality control !!
 When I purchased this as a gift for my father-in-law , I was a little embarrassed to give it to him . There was nothing wrong with it and it worked just as it said it would , but in person it looks kind of ... cheap . Would n't buy it again and I wish I had gone with another item . -LRB- That was about 6 mo 's ago and it 's still working fine , just did n't care for it to begin with . -RRB-
 It 's pretty fast , smooth rotation . The only problem is the handle cuts into the rope . Used it for 5 + hours and the handle is slowly cutting into the cord .
 It 's a great size to use . Not too short or not too long . Just right for any average size boxer . The only problem is that the handles are terrible . They hurt your hands . Got ta protect your hands so I would not recommend this . One of the stickers on fine print says that it may cause cancer . Just fyi .
 Decent jump rope , but probably will not last long , the rope is already creasing where it hits the handle , and i 've only used probably a total of one hour or so . Tangles easily , good length for my height , i am just under 5 ' 6 '' and it 's plenty of rope.Will be purchasing a leather jump rope that will last longer .
 Bought two bottles . Both caps broke after 2 uses . Customer service is nonexistent . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY .
 I bought two , they do not light . I called the company , as the instructions said , but received zero help . I am now stuck with two liters , next time I will get a Soto .
 I thought this would be a cheaper or `` amazon prime '' worthy purchase ... It 's not . I could n't get it to work at all , tried several lighters and it 's also PAINFULLY annoying to disengage the childproof lock each and every time you want to strike it . It 's too hard to do each time . I just want to push the dang button down and see blue flame , neither of those were possible with the one I bought . I returned for a full refund . Thank goodness !
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . I had just received it in the mail this morning and filled the fuel cartridge up . I then tried to light the torch and nothing happened . Then I tried to figure out what was wrong with it and it turns out the ignition spark was not working and then the cartidge did not fit correctly . This was even the cartridge given with the product . DO NOT BUY ...
 I bought two of these , one to give as a gift . I use it on the beach -LRB- where it is too windy for normal lighters -RRB- to whip or melt the ends of nylon sailing lines . One worked perfectly using the refillable cartridge -LRB- supplied -RRB- and also a cheap Chinese made BIC type butane lighter . The other one did n't seem to work with either unless I shimmed the cartridge to raise it up in the torch housing . Must be some loose manufacturing tolerances here .
 What can you do with torch that does n't come with a refillable lighter . THis one did . Totally useless without it . Beware of what you buy . When the price is low it must be for a reason .
 I was so underwhelmed with this product . The price was outrageous for what it was . Basically a shell to house regular cheap lighters . Waterproof ? I do n't think so . Jet flame ? Not ! Save your $ 20 and go to your local tobacco shop to buy any lighter there and it would be better .
 this item broke within a week from when i received it . the tube inside that connects the lighter to the piece fell out and ca n't be put back in . would be nice if i can get a new one . i am disappointed .
 I have one of these for my .357 magnum revolver and that 's fine . It does a reasonable job and is way faster that brushes and patches.I bought another for a .22 rifle and it was a disaster . As other reviewers have mentioned , it 's difficult to get the weight to pass through the barrel - it 's not heavy enough and too close to the diameter of the barrel . So close , in fact , that I managed to get it lodged in the barrel - would n't fall through & could n't pull it out . I called a gunsmith and he laughed . Apparently I 'm not the only one to have this experience.If it happens to you , you might try the fix he suggested - put a small rubber stopper in the muzzle and fill the bore with copper solvent overnight . That softened up the brass enough that I could drive it out with a squib rod.Needless to say I would never use this again for a .22
 I should have bought a rod and brush . The snake can not be used on my pump air rifle because you can not remove or insert the long weight through the breach opening . On my break barrel air rifle , it is so tight that I am afraid the string attaching the weight to the snake is going to break off . I used it -LRB- .177 -RRB- on my 22 rim fire long rifle and pistol . It was snug and cleaned those well .
 The cord broke the first time i attempted to run it thru my savage 17 mach 2 . Do n`t waste your money on this .
 Please do not purchase this for a 22 caliber rifle . The brass weight is not heavy enough to get the string started through the barrel . I saw all the other reviews and this product looked good . Not for 22 caliber and I bet the same problem with .177 caliber . I purchased the 22 caliber size . I thought it would be good for quick clean after shooting . For a 22 caliber rifle it was an exercise in frustration to get it to feed through -LRB- ever try pushing string ?? -RRB- . My son and I both tried numerous times and got it through once . He was holding the gun and I was trying to feed it through , then I tried it alone too . We had the barrel pointed downward and tried numerous times to get it through . What a waste . Get a rod and some patches or make your own patches from cut up flannel . Sorry I wasted the money . Not worth the hassle !!!!
 The Hoppe 's .17 Hornady Magnum Rimfire -LRB- HMR -RRB- BoreSnake is too large for a .17 HMR rifle . WAY TOO THICK ... Instead use a Tipton 's 36 '' carbon rod with patches . I previously purchased two Hoppe 's BoreSnakes for my .22 Match LR and .223 bolt . These works great -- Tight enough to clean barrel while wrapping snake around hand and pulling hard . On the range a boresnake quickly return weapon to sub MOA shooting . This .17 boresnake will be used with Butch 's oil and a couple .17 patches for field cleaning otherwise it is a waste of money .
 I purchased the .22 / .223 size and it will not fit in a .22 nor .223 barrel . Stick with a cleaning rod kit
 First I had to shake the barrel up and down for the weight attached to the line would come out the other end of the barrel.Then I had to rap the line around my feet , and pull on the barrel to get this thing out . Maybe I should have used a little oil to make it easier.I will not use it again.Pat . B
 After reading all the great reviews of the Bore Snake , I was very excited about it . The problem is the pull string is way too fat to drop through the bore.I tied some fishing line to the weight and was able to pull it through . After it was through , it worked great . But that 's a bigger hassle than using regular old rods and brushes.It would probably be great on a larger bore , but on my .223 s , it 's just not workable .
 PRODUCT DOES NOT FIT WILL NOT PULL THROUGH . RECIEVED AS A GIFT . . THANK GOD ... IF I HAD WASTED MY OWN MONEY ON THIS CRAP I WOULD HAVE BEEN SLIGHTLY MORE PISSED OFF THAN I ALREADY WAS . GO GET A REAL CLEANING KIT
 I have used Boresnakes for years for my handguns and rifles , of all calibers . Except , until now , .22 LR.I managed to get it about 1/4 of the way into the bore , but it would n't budge any further . The nylon leader began to break , so I ` backed it out ' and took it back to the vendor -LRB- not Amazon.com -RRB- . You might have a different experience in .22 LR , but this was just a tight squeeze , and I 'll stick with the cleaning rod , pull through , jag and patches.In other calibers these work fine , but they should be thoroughly washed with every use , or else you 're just dragging old junk through the barrel again .
 I want get the easy way to clean my rifle . my it is too small for 7.62 / 303 and 308
 Bought the .17 HMR bore snake and it would not even fit into the barrel . Total waste of $ 16.00 and shipping . I have bore snakes in .223 and .308 that I really like alot and are great products , but the one I got for my .17 will not even fit into the barrel.Brandon
 Both of the .17 HMR and the .22 , that I bought , broke off while pulling them through the bore . NOT GOOD HOPPES !
 The product is meant for 22 long rifle revolvers , and the description includes `` Ruger SP101 '' . I ordered this speedloader , and when I received it noticed it only held 6 rounds . The Ruger SP101 22 model holds * 8 * rounds , so it is n't compatible . Based on the different HKS models listed on the speedloader packaging , it does n't appear as if HKS makes one for the 22LR version of Ruger 's SP101 . I hope others find this review helpful .
 The HKS product listing says it is for four S&W models including the 63 . But the S&W Model 63 in .22 LR , like the Model 317 , holds 8 shots . I bought this loader for a Model 63 -LRB- assuming there were 8 bullets in the image -RRB- , but what I got only held 6 bullets . Also , according to the S&W catalogue , the model 43 is also an 8 shot , and I could not find a S&W Model 34 or 35 pistol . Since the Model 63 is the same `` J '' frame as the Model 317 , I ordered a `` 317 8 Shot 22LR Speed Loader '' by Ultimate Speedloader from Amazon -- their listing says it is for both models and their image shows 8 bullets . By the way , the HKS packaging also says S&W Model 63 -- the error is not Amazon 's , and Amazon gave excellent service in dealing with this problem !
 I have been using Uncle Mike 's swivels for 30 years and have been pleased with the quality until recently . The color seems to have changed so the silver swivels no longer look good with stainless steel barrels . Furthermore , the most recent purchase had a quality problem so bad that the machine nut would not screw onto the bolt . The only good thing about this transaction was Amazon was absolutely superb in the return/refund process .
 Despite the anti-fog coating my children are complaining , because the goggles are fogging up . They are new and I tried the anti-fog spray , but this model is not holding up to the speedo reputation . Speedos are generally great , but they did something different with the baja model.The fit is great , but if the children can not see much through the fog they do n't use them unless they are swimming laps .
 I 'm in the market for new swim goggles , and based on my swim instructor 's observation that my face is `` smaller '' I opted to replace my * Adult * Hydrospex with a * Junior * Baja pair . According to Speedo , they 're `` ideal for kids or adults with a smaller or narrower face . '' When the box arrived , I thought , `` maybe it 's the wrap around lens or the packaging that 's making them look so big . '' Nope . They ARE big . I put them side-by-side with my adult Hydrospex and they were about 30 % larger . They made no sense to me . I know the * lenses * are supposed to be larger -LRB- to offer greater peripheral vision -RRB- , but the overall goggle frame ? And should n't they be larger relative to other Junior goggles , not Adult goggles?Despite all this , I decided to try them on . Getting the eyepiece to sit comfortably was near impossible . They were so large they either ended up rubbing against my cheek , or practically over my eyebrows . The suction was also much stronger than I 'm used to . I imagine after 45 minutes in the pool the wearer would end up with red rings
 I just got them in time for my son 's swimming lesson . Good thing I had a different pair . The strap was impossible to adjust and the strap snapped almost right away . No good if they ca n't be adjusted
 The description of this item and the title all state that this is a `` Junior '' skirt . when received , the tags from Fogdog state that the size is a `` Junior '' L. However , the tag on the band of the skirt clearly states that these are YOUTH skirts , not Juniors . Fogdog needs to change their description and tags to reflect youth sizing . There is a huge difference in youth sizing and junior sizing . No way my daughter can wear this .
 too hard to screw on and off . a a a a a a a a a a a a a .
 Nice watch for the money , easy to see the time against the black face , however the clasp on the band is useless . Does not stay closed . Looked to send it in for warranty fix or new clasp but that would cost $ 28 for S&H ... inexpensive watch , I guess you DO get what you pay for . Disappointed with their warranty service .
 True to it 's design as a Rolex knock-off , this is an attractive watch . Mine was the blue dial with the blue bezel . Substantial , but not overly large/heavy . I wore it quite often for the 9 months I owned it , but it took the wear & tear quite well.Unfortunately , the watch simply would not keep accurate time . Either it was running too fast -LRB- gaining something like 5 minutes a day -RRB- or it would stop no matter how regularly it was worn . It was frustrating enough when the automatic feature would n't keep it running when it was taken off over night . But when it would n't keep runnning even after I began wearing it 24 hours a day , I gave it away.As others have said , beware Invictas with automatic movements . This is a very nice looking watch -LRB- disregardig the hokey magnifying window over the date -RRB- , but I bought it to be a watch , not just a piece of jewelry .
 The watch , which is obviously a knock off of a Rolex Submariner , has a good feel to it , and is nice looking to wear.Don ' t expect Rolex performance ... it gains about a minute a day with my activity pattern . It runs down if you do n't wear it for a day or two . Frankly , I 'd pay a little more and get a Citizen Eco model ... I have one of those which is better quality and keeps perfect time no matter what . I can only give this a `` so , so '' recommendation .
 This watch is a nice looking watch but very bulky . The automatic movement does not work well . This watch keeps poor time , losing about ten minutes a week if you can keep it running . The only way to keep it running is to wear it when you sleep at night . If you take this watch off and let it sit for eight hours it will stop . You have to reset this watch every single day . Also , the latch on the band is very poor and comes undone easily . I used this watch for about a month and threw it in the trash . It was n't worth the postage to send it in for repair . All in all , the worst watch I have ever owned . No more Invicta automatics for me . The only reason I rated it a 1 star is because they did n't give me a choice of zero stars .
 product quality was good . however , the suspension set-up for fit around the head was extremely uncomfortable . helmet was returned to supplier !
 While the helmet itself fits fine , it 's the straps inside the helmet that are too tight and put too much pressure on my head especially near temples . The material the straps are made from is not soft at all . The pain from straps ' pressure would n't go away after 15 minutes but only increases.I called the customer service . They told me that this model is discontinued and suggested to try the new one.The price for this one was good . But I guess you get what you pay for . I will have to return it . Should 've made flexible/adjustible straps and should 've used softer material .
 The plastic bend pushes in on my temples and is not padded or adjustable . I do n't see how it could possibly be comfortable for anybody . I am returning it .
 This is a kid size helmet , nothing stating same . Materials seem cheaply made and straps are uncomfortable . Price was too good to be true
 I bought this helmet and a Kent USA Aero helmet , and comparatively its not all that good.You can get the Kent for just $ 2-3 more.The fastening system on this one isnt what I would call original.The Kent has a snugger fit.Also there is very little extra padding -LRB- just a small piece for the forehead whereas Kent gives you the whole thing -RRB- , but for $ 15 what more could you ask for.My wife says she 's not going to wear it anyway . So i guess this is for those who buy a helmet just because the law binds you to wear one !!!
 This helmet has only one adjustment - you can change the length of the chin strap . That 's it.For your head size , there 's a 1 '' elastic band in the rear that can stretch to maybe 1-3/4 '' . If your head circumference is within the allotted 3/4 '' range , the helmet may be OK . Unfortunately , my 7-3/8 head is just a little too large for a M/L helmet - I can put it on by over-stretching the elastic band , but after about 5 minutes I get a bad headache . There is no , nada , zero , zippo , zilch means of adjustment.I ended up enlarging the size by detaching the elastic strap and using some wire to extend it . Now it fits OK , but this homemade kludge should NOT be necessary
 Fairly attractive , reasonably priced helmet . Ordered small/medium based on head-size -LRB- cm . -RRB- designations on display page . Could not make proper fit either securely or comfortably -LRB- wobbled high on head -RRB- . Returned -LRB- on Amazon 's dime -RRB- & ordered Bell Citi -LRB- safety yellow -RRB- universal fit . Much better . Amazon credited my return w / no problem .
 I am barely a size large -LRB- as medium is too tight -RRB- and this helmet was way too tight and there was no way to adjust it upwards in size so it is not a true large at all .
 The description of this item and the title all state that this is a `` Junior '' skirt . when received , the tags from Fogdog state that the size is a `` Junior '' L. However , the tag on the band of the skirt clearly states that these are YOUTH skirts , not Juniors . Fogdog needs to change their description and tags to reflect youth sizing . There is a huge difference in youth sizing and junior sizing . No way my daughter can wear this .
 I ordered these sheets from another website . The quality is soooo poor . First of all , the sheets say `` Go Team Go '' instead of the team name so the only thing specific to the team is the pillowcase . They are very thin jersey fabric -- like an undershirt . You can see straight through them . The so-called `` fitted '' sheet does not fit the mattress . They come off the bed when my son sleeps on them . They come out of the dryer a wrinkled mess . I recommend you buy a better quality plain white sheet and just get some team shams . I wish I had ...
 I paid more than average for these sheets because they were advertised as `` Made in USA . '' When I received the sheets , they were made in Pakistan . I did not order these to help out Pakistan but to help out American workers ! Very disappointing !
 I had my press ready and was waiting for this product . I placed the order because it was listed as in stock and three days later i got email saying it was not in stock . I will not order again , going to ebay .
 The chair itself was alright , very short/low back makes it far less comfortable than most . My biggest complaint was the cost of shipping ... far more than the chair was worth . I would not purchase it again .
 This kit is a little clunky and cheap to use -LRB- granted it did n't cost much to begin with -RRB- . I would have been better off just buying a replacement cue stick or having it professionally repaired .
 Hmmm , well , the chalk did chalk my cues ... Usually , the tips I use cost at least 10 bucks each , so I only looked briefly at the tips . I would not use them . Very cheap and not worth the installation time.I purchased this item for the glue . It did not work as well as the Tweeten 's glue I typically use.Use Tweeten 's .
 If you look at the picture , you assume that you are getting cleaning kit . Oops!You are getting lonely brush and at this point I do n't even care about quality of the product , because I 'm duped and I do n't like it.Cann ' t say anything more .
 I have to return this item because itis the wrong size , wrong color , wrong style . Will be sending it back .
 Extremely loose in seat and legs . There 's twice as much material as necessary making them feel heavy . The legs are so big you could get them on over ski boots .
 I have the same pair of pants that are the exact same number but are different . These pants are made of that terrible material that collects every little hair/lint/anything on to it and looks terrible . While the other pair that I had before and bought at the store and not through this seller are the exact same number and description but do not collect everything in sight on them . I of course returned them , and will just go to the store to buy the pair I want .
 i 'm a 29 '' waist but i noticed that as the waist sizes go down , other dimensions stay the same . so if you 're a skinny guy do n't even consider getting there because you will look like a hood rat in baggy pants , which is in no way presentable in a professional setting and outright uncomfortable which can get in the way of any active operations.on the contrary , the materials and workmanship are superior , so if you 're a waist size 38 and above go ahead and get these .
 Many of my law enforcement friends have depts that use 5.11 but I 've found they 're more marketing than superior quality . You can get the same items cheaper from places like Propper or Charles River . Frankly , agencies that use 5.11 are wasting tax payer money on items they could get at much better prices .
 I ordered this tactical pants because I had previously owned 5.11 products and because there are n't a lot of other brands that make as durable pants as this company does . Comfort and appearance though , what a mess ! First of all , I am deployed out in a war zone and out here you want to have the best ... something that does not hinder your job and that can take a beating . Second , you want to look presentable and professional since you represent someone who is paying your bills . Well , the 5.11 # 74251 Tactical Pants and its whole family , have an extremely wide and baggy inseam and , for what reason ??? I do n't know , but it sure chafes down on your inner thighs and gives you what we call , `` monkey butt '' A day of high activity in these pants and your inner thighs will be done ... and do not get wet ! You would be in serious trouble and if you do , YOU WILL find out why we call it , `` monkey butt '' As far as appearance goes , unless you can find someone you can hire to `` redo '' your pants , you are going to look like the latest kid on the block in your super baggy/baby diaper-like pants . Like I said earlier , there are n't a lot of company 's out there that make gear as durable as 5.11 and you will appreciate that when you find yourself rolling in the dirt , but as far as comfort and looks , it definitely needs some work . I hope they re-think this design .
 This is a kid size helmet , nothing stating same . Materials seem cheaply made and straps are uncomfortable . Price was too good to be true
 The plastic bend pushes in on my temples and is not padded or adjustable . I do n't see how it could possibly be comfortable for anybody . I am returning it .
 product quality was good . however , the suspension set-up for fit around the head was extremely uncomfortable . helmet was returned to supplier !
 While the helmet itself fits fine , it 's the straps inside the helmet that are too tight and put too much pressure on my head especially near temples . The material the straps are made from is not soft at all . The pain from straps ' pressure would n't go away after 15 minutes but only increases.I called the customer service . They told me that this model is discontinued and suggested to try the new one.The price for this one was good . But I guess you get what you pay for . I will have to return it . Should 've made flexible/adjustible straps and should 've used softer material .
 I am barely a size large -LRB- as medium is too tight -RRB- and this helmet was way too tight and there was no way to adjust it upwards in size so it is not a true large at all .
 Fairly attractive , reasonably priced helmet . Ordered small/medium based on head-size -LRB- cm . -RRB- designations on display page . Could not make proper fit either securely or comfortably -LRB- wobbled high on head -RRB- . Returned -LRB- on Amazon 's dime -RRB- & ordered Bell Citi -LRB- safety yellow -RRB- universal fit . Much better . Amazon credited my return w / no problem .
 I bought this helmet and a Kent USA Aero helmet , and comparatively its not all that good.You can get the Kent for just $ 2-3 more.The fastening system on this one isnt what I would call original.The Kent has a snugger fit.Also there is very little extra padding -LRB- just a small piece for the forehead whereas Kent gives you the whole thing -RRB- , but for $ 15 what more could you ask for.My wife says she 's not going to wear it anyway . So i guess this is for those who buy a helmet just because the law binds you to wear one !!!
 This helmet has only one adjustment - you can change the length of the chin strap . That 's it.For your head size , there 's a 1 '' elastic band in the rear that can stretch to maybe 1-3/4 '' . If your head circumference is within the allotted 3/4 '' range , the helmet may be OK . Unfortunately , my 7-3/8 head is just a little too large for a M/L helmet - I can put it on by over-stretching the elastic band , but after about 5 minutes I get a bad headache . There is no , nada , zero , zippo , zilch means of adjustment.I ended up enlarging the size by detaching the elastic strap and using some wire to extend it . Now it fits OK , but this homemade kludge should NOT be necessary
 Two weeks after I received this bag , the front latch fell apart . There is a cheap grommet that holds the buckle in place , and once it fell out , I could no longer secure the latch.OTHER THAN THAT , however , I really , really LIKE this bag . It 's a nice-looking rucksack that works just as well for work -LRB- I carry my computer in it to work -RRB- and play -LRB- I am taking it on a vacation to Washington later this month . -RRB- Hopefully , it can be fixed ; if it did n't immediately fall apart , I would have rated this with five stars .
 This my first purchase of an Invicta watch . In the past I have worn Bulova , Pulsar , and Anne Klein . My favorite is Bulova . They make classy yet durable watches . I was debating between the Bulova two tone watch and the Invicta 8942 . I decided to go with the Invicta because I was curious to try this brand and the visual appearance appealed to me slightly more than the Bulova . What a mistake ! I received the watch broken ! All tags and protective films on the watch were intact but the pin that keeps the band connected to the dial was off . Needless to say I was extremely disappointed . I researched the Invicta warranty and I found out that it would cost me $ 25.00 to ship the watch back to them to fix . I was all prepared to return the watch and get my money back but I attempted to fix it myself . After about an hour of fiddling with it , I successfully connected the band back to the dial . Yippee , at least I do n't have to spend anymore money to get it fixed . First impressions carry a lot of weight with me . I will not buy Invicta again . I will stick with Bulova !
 When the watch first arrived , I was thrilled ! It looks great , can be dressed up or down , has a nice weight to it , and was reasonably priced ... so for the first few months of ownership I was totally happy ! There was even the nice bonus feature that the watch hand and number dials subtly glow in the dark.However , after owning the watch for about 4 months , the seal on the watch apparently started to break down , and a little water got in the face through normal use -LRB- I think perhaps from the date/time adjustment dial , though it was in the ` closed ' position ... I never took this watch underwater so it was just from routine wear -RRB- . At first I thought this was no biggie - it has happened once in a while to watches before , and sometimes the water will just dry out with no problem . Well , after a few weeks the visible moisture went away , but in its place were tiny dots of white over the watch face/dials . I am assuming that it must be mold , and it has made the watch rather unsightly to look at -LRB- although it still technically works -RRB- . Fast forward another 3 months , and the mold has grown rather than diminished , to the point I 'm ready to throw the watch out.Needless to say , the experience has made me wonder about what kind of quality you are really getting in Invicta watches ... I am now in the market for a watch again , and although the great looks of the watch are still tempting , I think I will stay away from the Invicta brand .
 I ordered these a long time ago , and they never arrived.Do not order from this vendor .
 I work as a full time bike mechanic and these are the stiffest brake hoods I 've ever encountered for any bike . One of them even tore during installation even after being greased up and dismantling more of the brake lever than usual for these types of hoods . After getting them on they fit poorly , having a much boxier shape than is comfortable for any distance of riding , creating odd pressure points in your hands . Maybe they 'll mold more to my grip in time , but at the moment I can not give these more than two stars for being unreasonably stiff , easily tearable , and uncomfortable , with the only pro being that they 're cheap .
 I was very disappointed to find upon receiving my shipment that the Dia-Compe hoods shown in the title of the item listing , the product photo , and description are in fact `` Cane Creek '' hoods . Nobody wants anything branded `` Cane Creek '' on their classic bike , and it appears the seller knows this so deceivingly misrepresents their hoods.One occasionally expects this sort of dodgy listing behavior on eBay but NOT on Amazon.com.In addition , the hoods are very thin and flimsy and I consider them an inferior product.This is my first poor experience with a vendor sanctioned by Amazon.com , and it 's a shame .
 Deceptive way of selling inferior brake hoods . Cane Creek is NO Dia Compe . Cane Creek USA used to have high quality products . Does Cane Creek even make brake components ? Why show a Cane Creek hood and advertise it as Dia Compe . I 'd rather have non branded hood than a cane creek branded one
 did not fit my shimano 600 brake levers . i had to cut them and then they still didnt come all the way to the handle bar . made for a different brake .
 Do n't buy this shirt . It 's a total fake Adidas that 's worth less than 10 bucks . I know the seller does n't say it 's authentic - but if you want one - do n't waste your money on a fake .
 This is a FAKE cheap jersey . I dont know why this user can sell this on AMAZON . This product isnt a ADIDAS original product .
 I would NEVER do business with this company -LRB- the seller not Uncle Mikes -RRB- again.The company sent me something completely different from the pictured and described item . Their action left a project hanging for an additional few days . I asked for the proper item . They insisted I got the proper items.They DID return my money willingly -LRB- GOOD -RRB- and wanted me to give a review after that ... They originally sent me a dual swivel set with wood screws on the two studs . The picture is of a single swivel with a single machine threaded stud . Two totally different items both by Uncle Mikes . When I objected they told me that the item sent being completely different from the item shown was no big deal . They fell back on the idea that the picture was ok even though the two items are worlds apart . They insisted they sent the item ordered even though the one ordered bore NO resemblence to the one sent . They put the wrong product # under a picture of the correct item.They did not offer to send the proper item but said I could keep the useless item they sent . I made it clear the item was useless and different . They shrugged that off and asked for a good review after giving me my money back.They obviously know little of the use of their products as the one sent was CLEARLY inappropriate for my use . They did not seem to feel sending me the WRONG item was a big deal.Sending the wrong item IS A BIG DEAL.Getting my money back was just a partial remedy . I still had to find the proper item.I went to ANOTHER vendor out of Amazon -LRB- Midway -RRB- to get what I needed.Thus the 1 star and if I could have given a ZERO star I would have .
 This product requires a $ 150.00 electrical device to work . There was no mention of that in the product discription . This lack of information about the correct use of this product I believe is a disception .
 Well this was a disappointment . It does hold my exercise ball , but I ca n't sit on the ball and use it like a chair on this without it scooting away . It 's just a cheap basic piece of plastic . I should have gotten something sturdier . With shipping , I received it and thought , 20 bucks for that ?!?!?
 Nothing wrong with the triangle but does not specify wether it is a pair of triangles or a single triangle . Package arrived with only one triangle .
 I bought the aforementioned watch on August 12th . 2 days after receiving the watch , it stopped working . I called Invicta as indicated on the warranty that came with the watch . They told me to send them the watch and they would repair it . I sent the watch to Invicta -LRB- which cost me $ 12.00 -RRB- as instructed to do so by Invicta personnel . I called Invicta a week later and was informed that I needed to send an additional $ 28.00 to pay for shipping to Switzerland for repair . I asked them why they would not replace the watch because I had only had the watch for 2 days before it stopped working . I provided the required proof of purchase with the watch when I sent it to Invicta , so they could clearly see I had only had the watch for 2 days prior to it now longer working . They told me then , that if I had wanted to replace the watch I had to send it back to Amazon , but I no longer had that option because I had already sent the watch to Invicta . I was informed that I needed to pay an additional $ 28.00 and it would be at least 90 days before I received my watch back from repair . If the company had simply told me to send the watch back to Amazon in the first place , I would have done so , but as I previously stated , the company told me to send them the watch and never made mention of the option to send the watch back to Amazon . At this point , I 'm not going to see my watch again until Christmas . Gee , I wish I knew then what I know now . Thanks for your query .
 I was so excited to get this set of videos-they were shipped and arrived quickly - that much was great ; Mr Shanahan 's idea 's are good - however , the actual workout sequences ' are terrible - choppy , he 'll do 3 reps on one side , then switch sides and do 6 . Most of the workouts are cut/paste sections from the other workouts - no real rhyme or reason . As I watched , I kept thinking that the DVD was either skipping , or reversing .
 I ordered these sheets from another website . The quality is soooo poor . First of all , the sheets say `` Go Team Go '' instead of the team name so the only thing specific to the team is the pillowcase . They are very thin jersey fabric -- like an undershirt . You can see straight through them . The so-called `` fitted '' sheet does not fit the mattress . They come off the bed when my son sleeps on them . They come out of the dryer a wrinkled mess . I recommend you buy a better quality plain white sheet and just get some team shams . I wish I had ...
 I paid more than average for these sheets because they were advertised as `` Made in USA . '' When I received the sheets , they were made in Pakistan . I did not order these to help out Pakistan but to help out American workers ! Very disappointing !
 I have Look pedals and these did n't fit . Unless there are different sizes of Look pedals , be careful !
 The cap was too tight on me and uncomfortable to wear . It also pulled on my hair . It does n't seem like it 'll fit really long hair either .
 I thought it will keep my hair dry - but it did n't . The only pro is that it fits my waist length hair without hurting my head . But the water seeps in and makes my hair wet .
 I needed to keep my long hair dry so I purchased this silicone speedo . What a mistake.It flew off my head like a missile . I had to keep pulling it back down onto my head . It is too tight also . I have had all kinds of caps but this one will have to go back.Maybe my head is too big I should of listened to the review that said the best cap has a ribbed edge all around . It would stay in place .
 This product is not made for long hair . I have shoulder length hair and I could n't get it on my head at all ! It was so thin and cheap feeling and once I got it on , I had to rip it off right away . It killed my head ... . Not for me . Waste of money ...
 I 've been on the lookout for a good cap that offered better coverage for my medium length , thick hair . This really is n't it . It works as well as the average size , which is to say that it keeps about 75 % of my hair dry . I 'm not sure what qualifies this cap as `` long hair '' specific . Feels like it 's on snugly , but does n't do the job . I 'm using it until I find something better .
 I bought this for my wife , who is a casual swimmer . She has long hair , about to her lower back , and between the two of us we just could n't get this swim cap to fit over her long hair ; it was just too small . Perhaps by `` Longer hair '' they mean shoulder length hair . We were both disappointed .
 I have a large head and long hair . This cap ca n't handle both . If anyone has found a cap that will , please let me know .
 It was not a long hair cap and it is tight and uncomfortable.I have no intention to use it , I was just to disgusted to take the time and effort to return the items
 I have very long hair , so I thought this would be good . This cap gives me a headache rather quickly . My old cheap cap fit better and had more room for my hair , -LRB- but it disintegrated -RRB- . This cap would definitely keep the water out , but it is just too tight and does not give extra room for extra hair .
 I ca n't figure out why this cap leaks . It fits PERFECTLY yet my hair is nearly soaked after half an hour of swimming laps . PROS
 I needed a cap to keep my hair dry while I lap swim , and to also fit my long hair . I bought two of these , one in white and one in black . I have worn the black three times and each time when I take the cap off my hair is as wet as if I had never worn the cap . What is the point of the cap if it does n't keep your hair dry ? All my hair does fit into the cap , comfortably . Many of the cheaper silicone caps keep my hair perfectly dry but break after 2-3 uses because they ca n't take the amount of hair I have . I would really like to find a good cap , still on the lookout , comment if you can recommend a good one .
 ` Too small ' is my first word.My head is kinda big , plus long hair . I tried really hard to put this cap on and there is no way I could put it . The rim kept rolling itself and the cap slip off my head .
 This swim cap covers my hair but does n't keep out the water . I wish I had known this * before * I bought it . There has to be a better option for long-haired swimmers . I have * very * thick , chest-length hair . I have highlights that would turn green pretty quickly if I kept using this . I even tried putting a shower cap on under it to see if that might help , but it did n't work .
 Advertised for longer hair and it does cover my head but it slips up with movement . Constantly pulling on it . Maybe it will stretch with use but I decided to order another latex cap to give that a try .
 The cap is big enough to hold my long hair but it does n't keep it dry , my hair is as wet af if I wore no cap at all.It also like to ride up over the ears .
 Can not find a swim cap that holds my hair . This is not it . Tried this on and it popped off my head ! Gave it to a friend with equally long hair , but not as thick , and she likes it . She uses it for competitive swimming.If you have long and thick hair , this is not going to work . If you have long , thin hair , it might .
 i was fooled by the good reviews posted on this website , i had 2 silicone swimcaps and they both broke after i used them once or twice . finally i got the latex one from another company , it 's much better and i do n't get my hair wet at all
 I am very disappointed because I never received the Speedo Silicone Long Hair Swim Cap -LRB- silver -RRB- . It was not left of my door step and I have no Idea where it went .
 This swim cap is not going to keep your hair dry so if you 're buying it with the intent of avoiding damage to your hair -- think again .
 I bought it to protect my daughter 's hair from the water/chlorine . It fit great but her hair still got wet !
 I swim several times a week and have thick long hair . I wanted a swim cap that would keep my hair out of my face , piled on top of my head , or slightly in back . This cap does not fit with my hair and it 's quite uncomfortable . Last , the product is not returnable .
 This item split right in half after only 2 weeks of use , using it every day for about 2 hours each day . And yes , directions were read as to how to ` properly ' put it on ... Definitely NOT an item I 'd recommend .
 I bought this for my wife ; who is a casual swimmer . Her hair goes to about her mid-back and this cap was much too small for her . We were both disappointed . I guess by long hair they mean shoulder length hair .
 I have very thick long hair and as I placed the cap over my head -LRB- 1st time out of the package -RRB- the cap ripped!Material looks great , feels nice , but failed terribly - waste of money !
 I read the reviews on this cap and decided to give it a try . I have very thick hair and apparently my head is too big ! While there might have been enough room for hair , having this cap on was like having a vice on your head . I could not stand it for more than 30 seconds . I know I am not petite , but there are plenty of people with different size heads . I went to return it , but Amazon said `` hey you are a good customer , this one is on us ! '' Apparently they are going to credit me . I am still on the hunt for a proper swim cap that will fit my head.Sorry Speedo , this was an epic fail for me .
 I have a larger head and long , fine hair and I found this uncomfortably tight . I know they are supposed to be snug , but I found it unwearable . I returned it .
 I bought this cap to keep my long bleached blonde hair from getting wet or turning green . My hair still gets wet , but has not turned green . An instructor recommended to put conditioner on my hair before putting on the cap to keep it from turning green . I have not needed to do that yet . It holds my long hair inside the cap well .
 In my continuing quest to find a cap that fits my large head and keeps my thick hair dry , I bought this -LRB- along with speedo bubble cap -RRB- . It takes all my hair , but my hair still gets completely soaked . You might as well wear a lycra cap .
 Purchased the Uncle Mike 's swivels thinking they would be great since I like other Uncle Mike 's products . The package arrived in a bubble wrap mailer after almost 2 weeks . When I took the swivels out of the factory packaging , I noticed that one of the swivels was bent at the swinging point of the swivel so that it made the swivel look cock-eyed when on the gun . The other swivel had a loose plastic cover on the turning/locking screw and made it difficult to cinch down . I think Uncle Mike 's better start letting some people in the USA start making their stuff again because this was terrible workmanship . I will probably start buying only Blackhawk products again . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because they did fit on an old shotgun and OpticSale.com did refund my money .
 Do NOT buy anything from this vendor . They do not stand behind their products . I ordered a set of Uncle Mike 's swivel loops that rusted in less than 3 months . The gun was never exposed t water/rain . I contacted the vendor but they refused to send me a replacemnt pair of swivels . I quess $ 10 would bankrupt them . Never again will I buy from these clowns.Uncle Mike 's Quick Detachable Super Swivel with Tri-Lock -LRB- Blued , 1-1/4 - Inch Loops -RRB-
 I bought this for cleaning my rifle bore . However , it is to large to use in the bore of my rifle . I kept the product because it does well with the chamber . I had to go with another manufactirer to obtain a mop sized properly to clean my rifle bore .
 This company has spiked up 30 % in negative ratings in the last 30 days . The feedback is consistent that people have been waiting over 30 days and have not received the product yet . I am in the same boat and as I am already out the money I am concerned about whether or not they are even in business . They have not responded to customer emails in weeks . Look elseware .
 Bought these for my daughter while she is learning to swim , she is 5 . She likes them , but I do n't . Specifically , the strap at the back keeps sliding down and getting tangled in her hair . I have adjusted the strap many times and can not get it to stay on her head for more than 5 minutes . So , I am just teaching her to not use them .
 My 8 year old daughter liked these but the strap broke at here first swim meet . Defective product ! And since we bought these a long time ago to be ready for swim season there is no return option .
 We just used these for the first time , and I 'll be buying another pair . If I could , I 'd return them , but it 's too late for that . The issue is that if you put them on nice and loose , they slip off and/or let the water in . If you tighten them , they dig into the skin around eyes so much , it 's uncomfortable to even look at . My daughter was swimming with a friend the same age who has more snorkeling mask-like shaped goggles , those stayed on a lot better and her skin was not swollen after pool time , I 'll look for one of those instead .
 After reading the previous reviews , I was very excited about this purchase . However , apparently these goggles are not all created equal . My son is 4 and by no means has a small head , but these goggles are just way too big for him . We can only get one side to get a seal on it at a time and then the other side basically goes part way around his head and so water comes into the other side and I am sure it is probably somewhat blinding to have part of the frame almost in the way of his other eye . Actually , my son had recently begged me to get him a pair at the dollar store and they are total junk . However , my son says he prefers the $ 1 pair over these . These are just too big and uncomfortable for him .
 I 've bought a number of Speedo goggles for my kids over the years - most seemed to work great . Recently , I bought 2 pairs of the Hydrospex - one as a replacement for the other recently bought ones - and in both cases , the rims around the lenses seemed to malform after only a couple of uses , so that the goggles no longer fit properly and are not watertight . I am wondering if Speedo has changed manufacturing processes recently so that the silicon they use is n't up to par . Really do n't want to waste money on a 3rd pair at this point , so will be seeing what other brands are out there on the market . -LRB- I also contacted Speedo about this issue , but have n't received any information except a `` thanks for the email '' response -RRB- . No longer a Speedo customer .
 I do n't know if this works , it was just too uncomfortable for my kid to wear , so was completely useless to us .
 6 weeks after purchase , used once a week , for half an hour each time , these kid 's speedo goggles snapped in half at the nose bridge . We live in Portland OR , so dry weather is not to blame . The product is inferior and should not have broken . Went to return it but the window had passed .
 I purchased thinking it would work for a preschooler . There are a couple of issues . First , it 's just too big for her . Also , the space between the eyes is much too wide and not adjustable . The jelly-type seal of the left goggle is deformed . Not the same quality as my own adult speedo googles .
 These really should only be advertised for ages 5 and up . They are waaay to big for my daughter , so now the search continues .
 When the standard grips were replaced with this product , the laser cylinder portion stood 1/8 &#34; away from the frame . Every time the grip was squeezed to activate the laser and discharge the weapon , the dot drifted about a foot to the right -LRB- at 25 ' -RRB- . I was able to stabilize the dot by gluing a small wooden shim between the frame and the laser cylinder . I suspect the problem may be the age of my handgun - it is about 40 years old and Browning may have altered the frame width over the years . Nevertheless , I feel that the manufacturer should have been aware of this problem and warn-off customers with the older model handgun . I also found that the grip pressure required for activation was a serious distraction for forming a sight picture and lowered my accuracy with the weapon.At the same time , I purchased a small , frame-mount , bolt-on laser for my wife 's Sig Mosquito which has worked flawlessly .
 After seeing the positive reviews , I decided to give this ball a try . I liked the ABA look and the ball felt good to the touch , however , it was totally dead . It did n't dribble well at all . It shot `` heavy '' and you had to slam it on the floor to get a good return bounce . Basically , it performed like it was flat , even when inflated perfectly to specs . I returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 When we received this tank , it was craked down the side . But the other thing we noticed is that what we received was not what was advertised on Amazon . I called Paintball-Online 's customer service and they told me that apparently the tank was sent `` pressurized '' which made it crack . They sent me a pre-paid label to send it back . At that time , I requested to speak to a manager so that I could make sure that when they sent me out the replacement , it was the correct item . I was informed that he would call me back . Well , no call . I left 4 subsequent messages over the next few days , and still no call back . Well , what ended up happening is instead of sending a replacement , they refunded us the money -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- . So , in the end that was ok with me because at that point I was very unsure of what I would receive .
 Make sure to order a size bigger than you usually wear as they are cut very `` tight '' .
 I am a little disappointed in how thin the material is and the sizing seems on the small size I would probably order up IF I were to reorder - which I will not . I am finding most of my fav old clothing manufacturers are all following this trend towards crapulance ...
 Make sure to order a size bigger than you usually wear as they are cut very `` tight '' .
 As a former owner of the Sardo M-3000 , I can honestly say that this Chameleon rack pales greatly in comparison . To summarize
 The ball in the picture shows the 2 white panels on the ball , making it look like it has multi-color panels all the way around the ball ; just like a 3-point basketball but it does ` nt ! The ball only has literally 2 panels as the title states , not 2 color panels . The ball feels ok , but kind of cheap , it might be real composite leather but the ball itself feels thin and cheap . Oh , and BTW the ball was pumped up and bounces correctly upon response ... i hope this helped i just wanted to reveal some secrets . : -RRB-
 okay the packege looks okay but when u open it the targets suck there like reguler notebook papers with crappy little circles on it so u shouldent buy this
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 Poor quality product . Metal is very weak & bends easily . The keychain ring gets in the way of the bottle opener . Gets 2 stars because its only $ 3 . It 's better to spend the extra money and get one from a quality name brand .
 Ordered 1 red one and one black one , Received two black ones , Not happy about that since they are going to 2 brothers .
 We returned this item as the legs were so small . It was well made but the banding around the legs were to tight and small . If you order this order a size larger .
 The suit lost color in about four or five months , The fabric is good , the suit has kept its for . But it just turned from black to brown , a sort of copper look . I am shopping for a Lycra one .
 The construction of the leg hole is sub standard . The edge is too thick and cuts into the thigh . Would not use it .
 The leg holes on these are ridiculously tight . I 'm a fairly fit runner with not abnormally sized legs and these are so restrictive as to be painful . And they look like granny panties . Speedo used to make a square leg suit that fit well , but they must have discontinued it.Really , unless you are emaciated , your legs will not fit in the leg holes .
 Just sent the black model of this suit back . The dye is not set and will wash out every time it gets wet . This suit fits well but not made for the water . Buy the navy one , no problems with it yet . After 3 months it turned brown . Have not found a speedo that is color fast in water !
 Bad cut - at least for my body type . Very high-riding . Came up almost to my navel ! Nice try tough , with the sqaure-ish cut and stripes . Looked promising . Legs are , indeed , tight as many reviewers point out . But the waist was maybe just a touch small to size . Sent back .
 I wear 32-34 , but the medium size almost suffocated my thighs ! I had to return these . I noticed the Gary Majdell shorts have a better style , so I re-ordered those instead .
 I got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . I have to buy another one I got so sick of this ugly shape and hard nylon material . The opening on the legs cuts in to your legs almost stopping blood flow ! There is no way to adjust this , it 's not elastic either but something hard and set and feels extremely uncomfortable . Generally , it 's badly cut , badly designed , ugly and shapeless on the body , it sits on your like some kind of plastic bag you pulled over your privates . Avoid this like a plague .
 Terrible quality . Faded and lost all shape within 2 month of daily use . Worst suit I have purchased in a long time .
 This swim suit was navy blue , just a couple times in the pool and the color started to turn brown ! The piping sewn around the leg holes stayed blue but not the rest of the suit . I have suits from other manufacturers used in the same pool with no color shifts . I am very disappointed with this item especially from a company that is suppose to be top of the line . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 After the first time I used , next day I observed a stain at the white Stripe ! I hate this product
 My first ever downer review for a product . Buck knives are known to be rugged reliable and last generations ! The buck 112 I carry has been passed down to me and been worn longer than i have been alive . That being said the belt loop finally wore out . The replacement i just ordered cracked and almost broke just putting the knife in the sheath . I am surprised that quality on such a basic item has declined so much . i know i wo n't have it long . That being said it does operate as described it holds a buck 112 .
 There is a felt sticker behind the brass button closure to protect your knife from scratches , but the sticker leaves a sticky residue on the knife upon insertion and withdrawal .
 The stitching was defective and left a small area unseamed . Decided to keep them because they are out of stock and for the amount I paid , they are n't bad after a bit of patching up . They do come up to my belly button -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 &#34; -RRB- , so the woman modeling them in the picture must be much taller . They also get quite baggy after wearing but return to shape after washing . They do run big but not as bad as most other brands I have tried . I have an x-small , and I weigh 110 lb .
 I was looking for more cold weather running gear . I read other reviews on this pant and took a chance . I never got to try them on because they sent me the wrong size . Then when I called to return them they had switched companies . So , I had to return the pants and then reorder from the other company . Not worth the hassle for pants I did n't even like looking at . They were super thin material . Buyer beware ...
 I have to return this item because itis the wrong size , wrong color , wrong style . Will be sending it back .
 Extremely loose in seat and legs . There 's twice as much material as necessary making them feel heavy . The legs are so big you could get them on over ski boots .
 I have the same pair of pants that are the exact same number but are different . These pants are made of that terrible material that collects every little hair/lint/anything on to it and looks terrible . While the other pair that I had before and bought at the store and not through this seller are the exact same number and description but do not collect everything in sight on them . I of course returned them , and will just go to the store to buy the pair I want .
 i 'm a 29 '' waist but i noticed that as the waist sizes go down , other dimensions stay the same . so if you 're a skinny guy do n't even consider getting there because you will look like a hood rat in baggy pants , which is in no way presentable in a professional setting and outright uncomfortable which can get in the way of any active operations.on the contrary , the materials and workmanship are superior , so if you 're a waist size 38 and above go ahead and get these .
 Many of my law enforcement friends have depts that use 5.11 but I 've found they 're more marketing than superior quality . You can get the same items cheaper from places like Propper or Charles River . Frankly , agencies that use 5.11 are wasting tax payer money on items they could get at much better prices .
 I ordered this tactical pants because I had previously owned 5.11 products and because there are n't a lot of other brands that make as durable pants as this company does . Comfort and appearance though , what a mess ! First of all , I am deployed out in a war zone and out here you want to have the best ... something that does not hinder your job and that can take a beating . Second , you want to look presentable and professional since you represent someone who is paying your bills . Well , the 5.11 # 74251 Tactical Pants and its whole family , have an extremely wide and baggy inseam and , for what reason ??? I do n't know , but it sure chafes down on your inner thighs and gives you what we call , `` monkey butt '' A day of high activity in these pants and your inner thighs will be done ... and do not get wet ! You would be in serious trouble and if you do , YOU WILL find out why we call it , `` monkey butt '' As far as appearance goes , unless you can find someone you can hire to `` redo '' your pants , you are going to look like the latest kid on the block in your super baggy/baby diaper-like pants . Like I said earlier , there are n't a lot of company 's out there that make gear as durable as 5.11 and you will appreciate that when you find yourself rolling in the dirt , but as far as comfort and looks , it definitely needs some work . I hope they re-think this design .
 bought these to use on Presta valves but they only fit Schraeder so I returned them for a full refund . They would look totally silly on my bike and probably really only for a motorcycle because they are so large.Great service getting my refund though !
 Make sure to order a size bigger than you usually wear as they are cut very `` tight '' .
 I am a little disappointed in how thin the material is and the sizing seems on the small size I would probably order up IF I were to reorder - which I will not . I am finding most of my fav old clothing manufacturers are all following this trend towards crapulance ...
 We purchased this dart board for our children for Christmas and within 3 days all the darts were broken . I tried to purchase replacement darts at the local retailers but they do not fit . Only Excalibur darts fit . I called the Company and after being put on hold several times , I was told they are out of darts . They do not know when they will be available , they do not accept back orders , and the receptionist was very rude . What good is the dart board without darts that fit ? When I asked to speak to a manager , I was told they are all on vacation . I am returning the product and will buy a different brand name that takes a standard size dart !
 They neglect to tell you that in addition to gas you also need caps and powder caps . They only give you 5 in the package . It exploded the first time but the bbs did not fly and some remained in the grenade . Also , you can only put a Maximum of 8 bbs in the grenade . Do Not Waste your $ $ $ on this product .
 I bought this piece of junk today and it did n't fire at first with the .2 BBs but then I figured , buy the .12 s and see . Well , I was excited that it fired finally but then the inner part of the grenade broke off and kept causing the thing to explode as I let go with me standing over it ! good thing the manager told me to try it and return it if it broke . ugggh !
 I tried this seat and first of all , it took me 30 + minutes to get it attached to my bike . After all that hassle , I finally was able to ride with my son only to bang my knees on the bottom of the seat or hit my son 's elbows . Needless to say , this seat is on the shelf and I am now using the iBert safe-T-seat .
 The bottles were difficult to get in and out during the run and there were defects along the rim , which allowed the bottles to leak . I was very disappointed to say the least . Needless to say ... I have a Fuelbelt for sale .
 this product arrived in a timely manner . It would have been a great item with the acception that I had to drill the hole for the stock swivel in the bolt , didnt have a hole to install swivel 1
 For this item ... weighing in at 2.4 ounces ... small enough to be shipped in a large envelope ... LG Outdoors charges $ 13 for shipping -LRB- in my case -RRB- ... $ 13 ! ... That is nearly the cost of the product itself ... What a joke!Honestly , I did n't notice the outrageous shipping charges during the checkout process because my cart contained other items and I assumed that the shipping total that was displayed was spread out evenly ... The other products , which were much heavier and larger shipped in the same amount of time the shipping costs were 1/3 less ... Do yourself a favor and stick to the Amazon fulfilled items -LRB- Prime -RRB- ... Stay away from LG Outdoors ... Oh , and their customer service is just as comical as their shipping charges ... I was told to send the product back at my own expense and I will be charged a 15 % re-stocking fee ... Thanks!As for the product itself , I did n't see any issues ... I actually only needed a small portion of what 's included -LRB- swivel stud -RRB- ... Everything seemed of decent quality ... If this is what you need to add a sling to your Mossberg 500 ... Do n't hesitate to purchase this item ... Just purchase the item from someone other than LG Outdoors .
 The front swivel broke within 1 week for a mossburg 500 shotgun . I am happy the shotgun remained in my closet for now .
 This was a total waste for me although maybe not for you ... I was looking for quicker pushin button disconnects
 Really not thrilled with this item -LRB- s -RRB- - especially when the magazine-cap in package was threaded badly/wrong - after many tries , rather than risk cross-threading/stripping my magazine , I just used my original cap , not `` Uncle Mike 's '' . Also , these do not technically `` swivel '' all-around , they go back and forth - only move in two directions -LRB- is n't that `` folding '' not `` swiveling '' ? -RRB- Further , the name `` Uncle Mike 's '' sort of implied to naive me I was buying good ol' boy American goods
 This swivel set is quality made and I was looking forward to getting onto my Mossberg 500 . But the magazine bolt is too large for the magazine and will not thread into it making the entire thing useless .
 This pedometer not only counted my steps incorrectly , but it counted them when I was sleeping ! Imagine my surprise when I woke up and found I had walked about 10 steps in my sleep . It also would reset itself all by itself , usually in the middle of a walk . There is no protective cover for that , there was no way to adjust for your stride . Cheap it as and well worth the cheap . I returned it . PS I also could not add any tags to this review . The program would not allow me to .
 I have owned at least a dozen pedometers , and this is the worst . It counts , at best , one of five or six steps . I even fiddled with the stride length in hopes of tricking it to work . But it still undercounted by half or more at the end of the day . Furthermore , I wrote the company to register my complaint , and I never received a response . This pedometer needs to die a quick death . And the company needs to be more responsible .
 I bought the model last night . The numbers have been all over the place . For example , it was just at 530 and then , after I walked a few steps , it went down 127 . This model needs to be pulled real fast as whoever sells it will end up losing customers .
 You have to run to count right . It 's not so sensitive , you have to walk almost jumping to work . When you run , it 's ok .
 Just a bad product . Wish I 'd read the reviews before I bought it . Like others say , this will reset at the lightest touch of the exposed reset button . Try to take it off your belt , and it will read 00000 by the time it 's off . Worthless .
 I typically do n't write reviews when I have nothing new to add . I usually reserve my opinions for products that are significantly good or significantly bad . Unfortunately , this is one of the latter cases.I agree with others who have said that this pedometer is a little too sensitive . Somehow it counted 35 steps this morning from my bed to the bathroom , which takes me all of about 10 real steps to get to . The day I bought it -LRB- yesterday -RRB- it had reset when I bent over to untie my shoes because the reset button is so big , and the day I threw it out -LRB- today -RRB- I accidentally reset it when I was taking it off while changing clothes.Normally , too , if I 'm going to write a negative review , then I 'll try to offer up an alternative . Not this time . For one , I have yet to buy another step pedometer , but I 'm fairly confident in saying that ANY pedometer will serve you better than this one !
 Poor Design.The Sportline 330 , if slightly bumped , will reset to zero . If you want a reliable pedometer DO NOT buy the Sportline 330 .
 I purchased the Sportline Walking Advantage 330 pedometer from a local sporting goods store about 3 weeks ago . This morning it died . Even if it had n't died I would not recommend it because most days it would reset itself to 0 steps at some point in the day . It could be that I accidentally reset it , but if so , it was too easy to do by accident .
 Pedometer resets when you put your coat on or accidentally hit it while walking because it does n't have a cover . The company should shelve this model .
 I hate when products are poorly designed , and the problems are so obvious ! Because the reset button is on the outside of the unit , is is incredibly easy to bump against it and reset the numbers -- thereby deleting any knowledge of all your hard work ! Its also difficult to see , as from the user 's view , the numbers are upside-down . Pedometers that flip open are much better . Check out this much better option
 The pedometer is too sensitive to touch . Every time I would put my hand in pocket the meter would reset . Tried several ways to wear it but always the same RESET . I bought two of these . Would not buy anymore of these for anyone .
 My former Sportline 330 was an excellent and 100 % accurate instrument . This one is a totally different design and is useless . I never found out how accurate it is , because in the new design the reset button is in front of the device so you ca n't help but to accidentally reset it in the normal course of human motion . On the old one the reset button was inside its cover . This one has no cover . Useless . To add insult to injury , they do n't tell you they changed the design , so it 's a nasty little surprise when it arrives .
 My Sportline 330 gets reset at least two or three times a day , because it 's so easy to accidently press the button . The instructions say that you have to press it for two seconds to reset , but that 's not the case -- a brief touch will do it . It was a total waste of money .
 I ordered this and sent it back because it resets itself too easily . I would not have purchased this -LRB- and ultimately returned it -RRB- if I would have known that it has no cover -LRB- the picture here on Amazon shows it with a cover -RRB- . Sportline appears to have changed the 330 so that it no longer has a cover . Not sure what they were thinking on that move . As it is , I was able to go to a Target store and see that they still have a Sportline model -LRB- I believe it 's a 330 -RRB- that looks like this picture - even though it 's about $ 4 more -- but well worth it since it does n't reset whenever you sit down .
 If you are a masochist and enjoy finding your 2000 odd steps reset back to under a hundred several times a day then go-ahead and buy this - you will be transported to ecstasy on a regular basis.For anyone concerned about things that might rile them enough to put their blood-pressure up may I suggest they avoid this product ? After a day of use I feel sure this product had to have been designed by someone who suffered a deep personal dislike of anyone trying to get fit.Putting a highly sensitive and huge reset button on the front was NOT a good idea , not even a half-good idea.Heaven forbid that you dare to bend over when wearing it , put a coat on , brush against a work surface , or even dare to drop your trousers when you need to to meet a call of nature . Any one of these actions , plus a multitude more will cause it to reset back to 0 . You can slightly overcome this reset problem by cutting the strong plastic packaging up , -LRB- which BTW must have been designed by someone else as it is tough and does it job -RRB- and taping a bit of the strong plastic over the reset button , -LRB- Sadly this vital information does not come in the instructions . -RRB- This is the first pedometer I have ever bought , and wo n't be the last as I 'm going to look for one that has tested in real-life and not just via a computer screen.I am giving it one star . This as you might guess is not for the pedometer itself but for the little book about fitness that came with it that is really quite good .
 Design flaw . I kept resetting it by hitting the button by mistake . Do n't waste your money.I ended up getting a Timex instead which I really liked .
 I am so frustrated ! I usually wear a pedometer all day , every day . I bought this one to replace a different brand in which the screen display stopped working after 2 months . This one was priced just about right , so I bought two for the inevitable loss or breakage that comes with daily use.This pedometer might be all right for a specific walk , but for daily use , it 's useless . It resets itself frequently , so unless you are paying attention , you have no idea what your actual step count is . I can not recommend this to anyone .
 The stand is made of a cheap nickel material . Wo n't last a month under even light use . The brakes are very hard to adjust .
 Nice bike but the brakes are terrible . I had to go to the bike shop and order a pair of decent brakes . Figure on spending at least another $ 35 + on a set of brakes . The ones on the bike do not stop well and my 10 year old can not squeeze them . I am a grown man and I can squeeze them all my might and I still role to a stop . I am mechanical and adjusted them but it is a very poor design .
 After reading some decent reviews of this fishing line I decided to give this line a try . I purchased the 12 . lb test . After fishing this line for a while I find it to be very brittle and broke far too easily . I have lost close to 10 jigs and lures with the line . More than half of them were lost when I was casting . The line is also not very strong and breaks off at random spots . On 2 two occasion the line snap off in the middle when I was pulling the lure from a snag . I ending up loosing lots of line which find extremely odd because this had never happen to me before with a fishing line . Another issue I had with this line is that is not even close to be invisible . The line is basically like using dental floss . It is very visible in the water because it is white . Overall my experience with this line has been a really disappointment especially since it is relatively high price too . I would n't recommend this line for fishing . This line will probably work better for bead work or something like what a lot of reviewers use it for .
 This is NOT the 2607A which has two 3 amp outputs and could have been wired for a 24vdc system , or a single 6 amp 12vdc . What you will be shipped is the 2608A which is a single output 12vdc , at 6 amps . I wish the model number listed did not mislead me .
 product quality was good . however , the suspension set-up for fit around the head was extremely uncomfortable . helmet was returned to supplier !
 While the helmet itself fits fine , it 's the straps inside the helmet that are too tight and put too much pressure on my head especially near temples . The material the straps are made from is not soft at all . The pain from straps ' pressure would n't go away after 15 minutes but only increases.I called the customer service . They told me that this model is discontinued and suggested to try the new one.The price for this one was good . But I guess you get what you pay for . I will have to return it . Should 've made flexible/adjustible straps and should 've used softer material .
 The plastic bend pushes in on my temples and is not padded or adjustable . I do n't see how it could possibly be comfortable for anybody . I am returning it .
 This is a kid size helmet , nothing stating same . Materials seem cheaply made and straps are uncomfortable . Price was too good to be true
 Fairly attractive , reasonably priced helmet . Ordered small/medium based on head-size -LRB- cm . -RRB- designations on display page . Could not make proper fit either securely or comfortably -LRB- wobbled high on head -RRB- . Returned -LRB- on Amazon 's dime -RRB- & ordered Bell Citi -LRB- safety yellow -RRB- universal fit . Much better . Amazon credited my return w / no problem .
 I bought this helmet and a Kent USA Aero helmet , and comparatively its not all that good.You can get the Kent for just $ 2-3 more.The fastening system on this one isnt what I would call original.The Kent has a snugger fit.Also there is very little extra padding -LRB- just a small piece for the forehead whereas Kent gives you the whole thing -RRB- , but for $ 15 what more could you ask for.My wife says she 's not going to wear it anyway . So i guess this is for those who buy a helmet just because the law binds you to wear one !!!
 This helmet has only one adjustment - you can change the length of the chin strap . That 's it.For your head size , there 's a 1 '' elastic band in the rear that can stretch to maybe 1-3/4 '' . If your head circumference is within the allotted 3/4 '' range , the helmet may be OK . Unfortunately , my 7-3/8 head is just a little too large for a M/L helmet - I can put it on by over-stretching the elastic band , but after about 5 minutes I get a bad headache . There is no , nada , zero , zippo , zilch means of adjustment.I ended up enlarging the size by detaching the elastic strap and using some wire to extend it . Now it fits OK , but this homemade kludge should NOT be necessary
 I am barely a size large -LRB- as medium is too tight -RRB- and this helmet was way too tight and there was no way to adjust it upwards in size so it is not a true large at all .
 I put together the product Friday of this week , July 6 . There are insufficient velcro straps for the net . An additional twenty velcro staps would be needed , but the problem is that the velcro straps do not stick well . So , even an additional twenty velcro straps that do not stick well would not have helped.But there is a more serious problem.The net breaks very easily . On Saturday , July 7 , the net broke . Three connecting points broke from one hit by one ball hitting the net.The net is cheapo quality and fragile.Who would ever make a lacrosse net that is fragile ? Cheap quality not worth the effort.I regret buying the net and goal . What a mistake this has been .
 I just bought is for my son early this month . It was broken right away when he first time used it .
 I purchased this pedometer based on another person 's review which raved about its durability . It worked great the first day until I leaned over to pick something off the floor at my office . The pedometer popped off my waistband , fell about 2 feet to a carpeted floor , and stopped calculating completely . Needless to say , I was disappointed that the pedometer did n't even make it through the first 24 hours and sent it back . I understand that pedometers should be `` motion sensitive '' , but given the punishing that runners and hikers put them through , they should certainly be able to survive the occasional drop -- especially to a carpeted floor . I do not recommend this product .
 I found this product to be a disappointment , it is difficult to use and set so that it accurately monitors distance walked .
 Only had this for a few days when the lettering on two of the buttons wore off . Not accurate/reliable for counting steps as it tends to reset itself or simply stop . Feels cheaply made . Going back to the Omron brand .
 If you have this type of locking ring , use great care in handling it , because the tiny plastic inner tabs that perform the locking function are easily snapped off . I ended up rebuilding mine with aluminum tabs after the flimsy plastic ones broke .
 Although I did not purchase my two Hunter 1100 holsters from amazon.com , I felt I should write a review on these holsters , since I was so disappointed in them.These Hunter 1100 holsters are cheap copies of the old Smith & Wesson model 21 blazer holsters . Unfortunately , Smith & Wesson stopped making holsters years ago , and the model 21 went the way most great products go ... Out the window!The Hunter holsters not only look cheap , they feel cheap in the hands . Even the leather and stitching is cheap!Still , for the price -LRB- they are dirt cheap , perfect China specials -RRB- , I am debating on whether I should try to `` finish '' the rough unfinished edges , or just return them and try and find a couple of old Smith & Wesson model 21 holsters .
 Although I did not purchase my two Hunter 1100 holsters from amazon.com , I felt I should write a review on these holsters , since I was so disappointed in them.These Hunter 1100 holsters are cheap copies of the old Smith & Wesson model 21 blazer holsters . Unfortunately , Smith & Wesson stopped making holsters years ago , and the model 21 went the way most great products go ... Out the window!The Hunter holsters not only look cheap , they feel cheap in the hands . Even the leather and stitching is cheap!Still , for the price -LRB- they are dirt cheap , perfect China specials -RRB- , I am debating on whether I should try to `` finish '' the rough unfinished edges , or just return them and try and find a couple of old Smith & Wesson model 21 holsters .
 Although I did not purchase my two Hunter 1100 holsters from amazon.com , I felt I should write a review on these holsters , since I was so disappointed in them.These Hunter 1100 holsters are cheap copies of the old Smith & Wesson model 21 blazer holsters . Unfortunately , Smith & Wesson stopped making holsters years ago , and the model 21 went the way most great products go ... Out the window!The Hunter holsters not only look cheap , they feel cheap in the hands . Even the leather and stitching is cheap!Still , for the price -LRB- they are dirt cheap , perfect China specials -RRB- , I am debating on whether I should try to `` finish '' the rough unfinished edges , or just return them and try and find a couple of old Smith & Wesson model 21 holsters .
 Although I did not purchase my two Hunter 1100 holsters from amazon.com , I felt I should write a review on these holsters , since I was so disappointed in them.These Hunter 1100 holsters are cheap copies of the old Smith & Wesson model 21 blazer holsters . Unfortunately , Smith & Wesson stopped making holsters years ago , and the model 21 went the way most great products go ... Out the window!The Hunter holsters not only look cheap , they feel cheap in the hands . Even the leather and stitching is cheap!Still , for the price -LRB- they are dirt cheap , perfect China specials -RRB- , I am debating on whether I should try to `` finish '' the rough unfinished edges , or just return them and try and find a couple of old Smith & Wesson model 21 holsters .
 Although I did not purchase my two Hunter 1100 holsters from amazon.com , I felt I should write a review on these holsters , since I was so disappointed in them.These Hunter 1100 holsters are cheap copies of the old Smith & Wesson model 21 blazer holsters . Unfortunately , Smith & Wesson stopped making holsters years ago , and the model 21 went the way most great products go ... Out the window!The Hunter holsters not only look cheap , they feel cheap in the hands . Even the leather and stitching is cheap!Still , for the price -LRB- they are dirt cheap , perfect China specials -RRB- , I am debating on whether I should try to `` finish '' the rough unfinished edges , or just return them and try and find a couple of old Smith & Wesson model 21 holsters .
 I bought mine at Dick 's Sporting Goods -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- . I took a tape with me and set it up right there in the store with the clerk 's help . Then I proceeded to walk around the store . I took 100 steps . It read TWO ! . I could not believe it , I thought that I must have done something wrong , so repositioned it and took another 100 steps . It said 48 . Over and Over for close to an hour I tried it , trying different clip positions every time . -LRB- Yes , I clipped it according to the directions on my right leg , on the belt line and over the center crease in my pants -RRB- . The clerk worked closely with me on every adjustment as we tried over and over again . After what I am guessing was about 15 tries , I never once got a correct reading -LRB- although I got 98 once -RRB- . Obviously I gave it right back to the clerk and got my money back . I would have tried a different brand but they did not have any others .
 This pedometer will NOT stay clipped onto ANYthing . Not a waistband , not a belt , not a pocket . Tried it on many different thicknesses/materials/textures , etc. . Does n't matter . Even tried attaching some velcro tape to make it `` grippier '' . Did n't work . It fell off so many times the battery compartment covering got lost and now I 'm holding the battery in with a tightly wound rubberband . Classy . Will be buying a replacement of another brand ASAP . The only reason I 'm giving it 1 star is because ZERO stars is n't an option . Guess you could try sewing it on .
 So , I 'm shopping for a new pedometer now because I had one of these and discovered that I had lost it as I was leaving the mall today . It 's a shame , because otherwise it 's a good pedometer -- I liked the ability to change between modes and easily reset the counter . While I never did any scientific tests to confirm the accuracy , I have checked the route that I walked on Google Maps against what the pedometer recorded and the results have been pretty close . As many others have mentioned , the clasp is too weak ; I would also add that I think the relatively long length makes it even easier to accidentally pull off . I wonder if it would be more secure if it were a bit shorter . If anybody out there finds mine , hope you enjoy it , but if you 're shopping for one , I 'd suggest looking for one that 's more secure .
 I could not get this pedometer to reflect accurately the number of steps taken . Every time I did a double check on the number of steps taken , it was off by at least a third . I do n't use it for this reason .
 This worked fine , but the design of the clip did not keep it on the belt line . This pedometer fell off my pant up to 4 times a day . Very frustrating .
 I paid 10.00 dollars for the pedometer and I over paid by nine dollars . Got the same qualityfrom a health care give-away . Lousy clip on , Never know which mode your in and its accuracy isalways questionable .
 this thing is not worth the money . as the others said it does n't want to stay on . i just wanted to know how far around a loop was that i walk several times in my walk . i mean how hard can that be ? just tell me the distance ! i think i was over optimistic and did n't save the store receipt . that will teach me .
 I have tried & tried to see if this thing would work . There is nothing consistent about it . It was a total waste of money . I compared it with treadmill & then even compared it with a gps unit because I knew exactly how far it was . This model never read the same number twice . Typically , it was way behind .
 This is a very cheap and poorly designed piece of plastic . The battery cover comes off only after you jam your fingers trying to work on it . You will work on it often if you want your battery to last over a week , or so . Otherwise , you 'll put up with this company 's statement , hidden in the instructions , that this unit is `` designed to always be on . '' Yeah , nice electronics , right ? The aforementioned battery cover will also break , in time , as its little prongs will snap off , and then you 'll have to tape the cover on . Without tape , the battery will spring out and get lost . Spend a few more dollars and get a better unit . As far as the actual distance calculator , step sensor and mechanics , this unit does what it needs to do . The trouble is in the plastic that surrounds those parts . Pass on this one .
 didnt excpect this one to be as shabby as it was . shabby and diffucult . maybe it was me ... but a let down ... somehow .
 This seemed very low quality . It would skip steps that I made , and one I got for free in the mail was 10 times better .
 This supplier is HORRIBLE !!! First they sent the wrong pedometers . Then they sent the 2 corect ones , but one that does not work . I ordered this more than a month ago and I still do n't have received the final replacement !!!
 I am on something like my 5th pedometer and until recently , I did n't want to invest a lot in one . I bought this because I thought it looked cool and was a great price . It fell off constantly ! For a few days I would pin it to my pants but that was time comsuming and annoying , not to mention painful when the pin stuck me ! It is fairly accurate , but who cares if you are always worried about it popping off and falling to the floor ? I finally invested in an Omron that not only stays on , but has a security latch you can attach to your clothing in case it does come off it will not fall to the ground . I also bought it on Amazon , but it was around $ 18.99 . It stores a week 's worth of steps for you so you can track your progress . I am in love with my new pedometer , I wish I would have invested in this one first !
 This is a piece of junk . Spring broke , constantly resets itself and after less than a month it completely gave out . Do n't waste your money !
 This pedometer is easy to use and pretty decent looking . Those are the only good things I can say about it . It simply does not stay on . I , too , have had to use a safety pin to make sure I do n't lose it . Maybe I have a defective device , but this is anything but accurate . I consistently walk a measured 5 mile route every day . One day the steps will be 5800 , the next day 12800 , the next day 10300 . Which is accurate ? Are any of them ? I ca n't rely on it . When testing the device for accuracy in walking 50 steps , it never got it right . Most of the time it was over the 50 steps , 2 times it was way under the 50 steps . I would not recommend this one .
 I bought this pedometer when the ratings for it were 5 stars ! Now there are all kinds of bad reviews starting in 2007 . Too bad I bought it in December . This is a piece of junk . I thought I was ordering a mid-priced pedometer . -LRB- It was $ 12 at that time -RRB- . I agree about it not staying on , and even though I followed the calibration instructions , the steps were never accurate . I had an additional problem in that parts of the numbers were missing on the LCD most of the time . So is a backwards three actually an eight , was that a one or a seven , is that 5000 or 6000 ? I never knew . The only time all the lines displayed making perfect numbers was when you cleared it to 0000 . I 'll probably try a ` cheapy ' from Walmart . It will probably do better than this .
 I just found one of these while climbing the stairs down at the track today . I brought it home and looked on the net for some info about it and found these reviews . When I read that people are losing this thing all the time , I could believe it ! LOLI 'll enjoy it until it falls off and somebody else will inherit it. : -RRB-
 Bought this pedometer 3 days ago , and it is going back to the store this evening . It falls off every time I move , and most of the time the fall causes it to break open . As a result , the protective cover no longer sticks .
 I am not very happy with my new pedometer . It falls off all the time , the face plate comes off and I have a very hard time making it stay back on . The spring has now broke from the clip , so the pedometer wo n't even clip to my pants anymore . I have to carry it in my pocket and it is too big for that . I am disappointed with this purchase !
 As I search the internet for information about this device I find the common negative thread that it just does n't stay on you . Well the reason I was searching was because I had found one laying along the sidewalk . Obviously it had decided to abandon ship . Nothing broken , just a shame that they did not test the pedometer before marketing it . You would think an important test would be to see if the clip on pedometer actually stayed clipped on .
 I was very excited to get this pedometer . I took it hiking for my first trial . I got to the end of the trail and checked to see how many steps I had gone . It told me I had only gone 20 steps ! I noticed that it was slipping off my belt , so I secured it and continued my hike . Along the course of my day , I had the pedometer actually fall off and hit the ground at least 5 times . I got tired of picking it up and trying to keep it secured . I finally just put it in my pocket and forgot it . The round clip naturally slips . It is very frustrating . It could be a very nice little unit , except for this major flaw . I am taking it back to the store .
 The step function works fine , but the pedometer falls off . I just started using it today and it falls off every hour or so . I am a regular sized person wearing normal jeans . This one is going back .
 This pedometer constantly fell off . . about once an hour at least.The clip does n't have good gripping teeth and is not deep enough . Then the clear plastic cover kept coming off with the falls . Bits of leaves and dirt would get into the space between the plastic cover and the digital readout . I returned it .
 I purchased this at Dicks and paid $ 15.99 ... I ca n't get it to stay on and it constantly resets itself . I am returning it TODAY ! I never really got a chance to check it for accuracy , as it reset itself before I could even walk a mile !
 The clip on this pedometer is very poorly designed . It is constantly falling off and falling apart , losing all the steps I 've tracked to that point . I 've only had it for about 2 weeks and it finally just fell off one too many times . I do not recommend this product .
 Although I did not purchase my two Hunter 1100 holsters from amazon.com , I felt I should write a review on these holsters , since I was so disappointed in them.These Hunter 1100 holsters are cheap copies of the old Smith & Wesson model 21 blazer holsters . Unfortunately , Smith & Wesson stopped making holsters years ago , and the model 21 went the way most great products go ... Out the window!The Hunter holsters not only look cheap , they feel cheap in the hands . Even the leather and stitching is cheap!Still , for the price -LRB- they are dirt cheap , perfect China specials -RRB- , I am debating on whether I should try to `` finish '' the rough unfinished edges , or just return them and try and find a couple of old Smith & Wesson model 21 holsters .
 These run small for size , so order larger than you need , and if you are a very large person or have plenty of clothes underneath , it 's unlikely to fit . Why other reviewers say that it runs large , I can not explain . Mine was anything but loose on my 165 lb runner 's frame.Although the reflective nature is good , the zipper is hard to zip and frail , and I believe will fail with time . One might consider zipping it up and just putting this over their head every time , or simply buy a vest that goes over the head . The big logo on the back is annoying , and the fabric is hot as the vent holes in it are tight and small , more like a screen than a large vented workout top.I have running friends that adore the Brooks Nightlife Running Vest , available on Amazon , and I may well buy that one next . Less complex , less failure potential , and more comely appearance.After owing this Fuelbelt , overall , I 'd say it 's not recommended.Postscript
 I received this item in good shape and very quickly . I 'm upgrading the safety equipment in my car and this is an asset
 Although I did not purchase my two Hunter 1100 holsters from amazon.com , I felt I should write a review on these holsters , since I was so disappointed in them.These Hunter 1100 holsters are cheap copies of the old Smith & Wesson model 21 blazer holsters . Unfortunately , Smith & Wesson stopped making holsters years ago , and the model 21 went the way most great products go ... Out the window!The Hunter holsters not only look cheap , they feel cheap in the hands . Even the leather and stitching is cheap!Still , for the price -LRB- they are dirt cheap , perfect China specials -RRB- , I am debating on whether I should try to `` finish '' the rough unfinished edges , or just return them and try and find a couple of old Smith & Wesson model 21 holsters .
 This item is awesome looking . Im wide receiver and line backer and its all scratched up . It sucks in rain to . It also gets your sweat on it and its blurry.we have 8 game season and i wore it for half of them cuz i couldnt see as well
 The chair itself was alright , very short/low back makes it far less comfortable than most . My biggest complaint was the cost of shipping ... far more than the chair was worth . I would not purchase it again .
 Do n't waste your money ! Overpriced , small , cheap , came stuffed into a box that was too small so it was bulging at the seams , only to be held in by the packing tape , and worst of all ... it smelled damp and of mildew ! Got the kids one for Christmas and it 's still in the closet in the box , where it will stay unless the merchant will take it back . I just did n't have time with Christmas and all the rush to arrange for a return . I 'll try but I 'm pretty sure I know what they 'll say . Look for a better one folks . This one really is a waste of money .
 Bought this for my 3 yr old son for Christmas . It lasted MayBE 24 hrs . It came apart at the seams and stuffing is everywhere . It was n't even aggressively used . I hung it up and it was punched and kicked by a 3yr old . Do NOT buy this !!!! For $ 40 , this was a HUGE waist of money .
 My son is only 5 yrs old and this bag tore in the first 3 minutes of him playing with it . Going to try duck tape ! I would not recommend this product to anyone over 3 yrs old .
 this item arrived and the smell of the material was so horrid , i had to leave it outside for 5 days and it still smelled bad . Then after 1 day of use , the strap broke off and the stitching tore apart . A terrible product
 My 7 year old and 5 year old boys took wacks at this bag for about five minutes each before the bag ripped off the rope . Low low quality - I think it may only be appropriate for 3-4 year olds.Yes my kids were hitting it hard , but not hanging off of it or doing anything other than punching it with their hands . Its a punching bag so I assumed it could handle a pummeling from two little kids . Obviously not.Also the gloves would never properly fit any child - the room for the hands is proper but then the wrist straps - essential to keeping them on - are made for adult size wrists . I ended up using tape to keep them tight on each child . This was fine but also disappointing that the people who designed this product didnt bother to check the wrist sizes of children .
 This product turns out to be a joke . Heavy bag was 10 '' tall and weighs less thaan 2 pounds . Gloves are for a 2 year old .
 Just fell apart , plus no where to hang the thing ! So frustrating I wan na punch a punching bag , but it 's broken !
 I picked it up from its straps and it tears immediately . Not even one hit . Hopefully my sister in law can sew it back together . Worst Christmas gift ever . My nephew was never able to use it .
 I was so excited to get this for my 6 year old son . He 's got a lot of energy and I figured a punching bag would be great!When the package came it was in a tiny box . I opened it and took the bag and gloves out and could not believe how small it was . -LRB- The gloves were normal size and seemed to be sturdy -RRB- But I 'm 5 ' 5 and the actual bag comes to my knees . It 's obviously shorter than a 6 year old -LRB- or a 2 year old for that matter -RRB- . So I figured I 'd try to hang it , but there is nothing at the top to hang it by ? It 's just tied off at the top.I never send anything back , so I will end up keeping it for my son to use his imagination with , but I was let down with product this for sure .
 This punching bag is very small . There were no size dimensions listed for it , but it said for ages 7 and up so I assumed it was a nice size . I got it in yesterday and it is only about 24 in . long and maybe 8 inches in diameter . -LRB- I do n't have it in front of me to measure -RRB- . I was very disappointed as I thought this would be a great gift for my 6 year old . The material it is made of seems durable , but then again it has n't been played with . I was trying to keep from buying a leather/vinyl bag as they are really too big . I am looking into returning it as I do n't see it being big enough for him to play with . I would say it is more for a 3 year old .
 Get what you pay for ... Unfortunately , it was n't even worth that price . I purchased this for my 2 year old for fun , since he likes to hit my 100lb bag . He has some fun with it but the materials are so cheap , he does n't even like the gloves . The bag gets beat on by my 10 year old also and is already starting to fall apart at the seams . It might last longer if you only allow soft hitters on it .
 The Seller do n't stand behind their product . I have a 4 year old boy that used it 2 days maybe about 1 hour max.The rope that holds it broke while he was hitting it . He Never hung on it , I was there the whole time , and we spent alot of money on this . After I bought this on Amazon I saw it for cheaper in the store and now I wish I would have done just that . Stores reimburse you for products that do n't work . You should stand behind a product that do n't work too . My advise is do n't buy this because if anything goes wrong they do n't stand behind there products .
 So disappointed ! The seams were not strong enough for my little nephew 's punch ! It ripped almost instantly ! After a duct tape repair , the straps ripped out of the seam as well . NOT DURABLE at all . So sorry!This is suitable only for a little kid , 2 or 3 years old !
 The straps for hanging this bag broke after a couple of punches by my 7 year old . -LRB- The thread they used to stitch the bag and straps is too fine and fragile . -RRB- Description states `` Ages 7 and up '' , but it 's probably more appropriate for a 4-5 year old . -LRB- However , the gloves are plenty big , even for a 7 year old . -RRB- Also , you need to get creative about finding something low enough to hang this from . If you use a rope to hang it from a doorway , it will sway too much after each punch . Measures 18 '' tall x 7 '' diameter and 3 pounds .
 I bought this product and yes indeed it returned in a timely manner . The shipping was pretty high for the little item it is but I really needed one . When it came the product is an ugly brown that wo n't match havanna brown tack . I have black tack and it looks horrible against it . I emailed the seller because I went off the picture and the name did not say brown when I ordered it . The seller wrote it in there when I complained to her . She admitted the picture did look black and I could either return it or dye it black . I 'm very unhappy with the way she is handling this because I should not have to pay for return shipping when it is her mistake .
 I bought two of these airbeds , and both were somewhat deflated after a night of use . It turns out that BOTH had holes in them . Apparently other people online have had the same experience . Will never buy this Target trash again .
 Although I was n't pleased with the phone order process , follow-up conversations with Customer Service were good . The assembly was n't difficult , but not entirely simple either . Took about an hour . I 've had the bike -LRB- female -RRB- for three weeks . I regretfully say , I 'm not pleased with the bike 's performance . I had great expectations . I thought the bike was unusually slow and the auto-shift is loud and rough . Then yesterday , I participated in a community bike ride . My bike was the slowest ! Even slower than the kid 's . I pedaled faster , and the bike makes minimal advance . The shifting is convenient , but does n't make up for the bike 's performance . It 's a shame I 'm going to lose the shipping cost , because I paid that much for my old bike and I prefer it to the Landrider . Oh , and I forgot to mention , and one point , while shifting , the chain slipped off . It corrected itself , but I had to pull over .
 I was disappointed because the boards were smalls . There was no size listed on the information and I did n't realize there were different sizes until I received the boards and found out that they were too small for my kids to use . I called the company and the person I talked to did not know anymore about them than I did . She was supposed to call me back and never did . I sent them back for a refund which cost me $ 15 to mail and I have still not received the refund . I will not buy anything from this site again just because of the hassle of returning items .
 The rise , -LRB- measurement from center front waist to center back waist between the legs -RRB- , is 2 &#34; less than identical pair in black purchased last year .
 ok lets start this marker is one of the worst markers i have ever fired not only is it heavy but it goes down wards when u shoot and half the time the balls dont break when you shoot !! if i were you id get a better marker than this also this is such a rip off i can buy this gun for 40 bucks of someone
 My horses love them but they last like 20 minutes maximum . That is not effective for the bottom line . Trying to make on my own .
 My head is 22.5 '' in circumference . This helmet that was supposed to fit up to a 23.5 '' did n't . Lies and also lies.Does look good though , when not on my head that is . For that , two stars .
 Ok , got my tent on 10/15/12 , was very excited , first canvas tent for me , set it up in my backyard , to see if everything there etc , and immidiatly had to go find my tape messure , it is actually a lot a lot smaller then on the pics , actual size is 13.5 ' x 9.5 ' , the feel of the fabric is very thin and cheap , the pegs are very small and cheap looking , I got better ones with my $ 120 tent , the fly is ultra thin material - $ 80 bucks extra , the whole frame does not attach to the ground in any way , I just think it ll stay put in the wind , only edges of the tent have loops to secure it to the ground , imo not near enough . Very disappointed , wish I saved my money and bought a better tent later , Do Not Recommend .
 2 out of 3 screws that hold the wires in strip -LRB- heads -RRB- ca n't use a replacement screws as fhey have tobe the right length ... wires are hard to get in place and come out ... wire alignment numbers are almost invisible as are male to female alignment arrows ... suggest strongly going with another brand . i would have returned it but was eager to go fishing ... jury rigged it and taped to make work ... how long remains tobe seen .
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 Beware !! This coin is looks good on the one side , but have you ever seen the other side ? There is a good reason you only see the one side and that reason helps the seller , but deceives the buyer . Side 2 is horrible looking , I thought when I bought this product that the other side was going to look like the front , but it does n't . Since my bad purchase I have found better card guards out there that have both sides finished and are much higher quality . Just do your shopping and you will be glad you did . There are some other websites that I have bought from that have a much superior product and better prices .
 Bought this halter because the headline said `` Yearling '' halter . NOT MINI YEARLING which is how it arrived . I 'm so angry they need to be very specific with their advertising whether these are actual HORSE size or miniature horse size .
 We have a baby -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- shire who keeps breaking out of his halters , and any replacements we find are all too small ... I was pleasantly surprised that this piece was too big for our little guy - we made a new hole for the buckle under the chin , and have no complaints . Even though the description says 1100 + pounds , it 'll fit your 1600 + Draft with no problems . : -RRB- Edit
 I bought two sets of dumbbells from this company and I think they are nice but I would not order from this company again . Took forever for them to arrive and I had to email and try and contact both Amazon and the company that sold the dummbells to see where they were and if I was ever gon na get the items I purchased . Horrible service and ordering with this company . I am greatly dissatosfied with this company and how they handle ordering and shipping of products .
 The rise , -LRB- measurement from center front waist to center back waist between the legs -RRB- , is 2 &#34; less than identical pair in black purchased last year .
 I had found this air gun on another web site for twice the price so when I found it here on Amazon for half the price I was eager to purchase it . I had read the previous review here on this Amazon page stating that what he thought he ordered was n't what was delivered so I carefully read through the page and the Product Description and found no reference to a cardboard box and Styrofoam case , matter-of-fact I found no reference disputing that I was purchasing anything other than what was in the picture or that the picture was not representative and accurate in regards to what was being shipped so I concluded that they had corrected the problem and would be shipping the product as it was picture.This was not the case , I received this air gun in a cardboard box and packed in Styrofoam with no scope included . This is clearly an intended misrepresentation and deception and you can only conclude that this is a dishonest seller . I 've been buying from and thru Amazon for years and have never encountered such a clearly dishonest seller in all that time . I would strenuously recommend against anyone purchasing anything from Knife Depot.As far as the air gun itself , it really is a quality piece , far above what you would expect for this price . I 'll be keeping the gun and purchasing separately a scope and case to go with it which will make it not such a great deal since I 'll be spending the same amount of money as the other site and on top of that putting a lot more time and effort into achieving the same results.Bottom line
 Maybe it was me that got the wrong size , but it does fit snugly if not comfortably , but all the inside is made of a dense foam that is very hard , and then only a very thin layer of pad attached with velcro . It also sits too high on my head and that seems to take away from the back protection . I think I might have to stick with Pro-Tec .
 Maybe it was me that got the wrong size , but it does fit snugly if not comfortably , but all the inside is made of a dense foam that is very hard , and then only a very thin layer of pad attached with velcro . It also sits too high on my head and that seems to take away from the back protection . I think I might have to stick with Pro-Tec .
 Had to put this disc outside for three months just to mute the smell - smelled like bubble gum rubber - yuchhh ! The smell permeated the house .
 Could n't be more difficult to install if they made it to be difficult to install . Easy enough to make a hole and put this thing in there but just try hooking up to it . The clip that holds your plug in place is cheap and flimsy ... . when you try to push the external plug into the outlet everything just falls apart . I ended up gluing everything in place and now it works fine . . just do n't expect this to be frustration free .
 Does not have any plug in it only a to be used with chargers . Really just a hole with cap . I was hoping to adapted to different plug has nothing but hole with a cap
 marineco gives these with these chargers and mine3 was not in my box - so they proboboly sold it to you .
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 This is a very bright fuchsia color . The size is more for a mini-pony , it would n't even fit under my daughter 's size 12 western saddle . Quality material and product , just too small .
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 I bought these to pratice hitting in the back yard with my 6 year old . I pitch him the balls . Previously , I had a few ` rawlings ' foam balls that I used with him , which were great . They were the same size as a regular baseball and they had enough weight to that made them easy to throw . These Diamond balls are smaller than a baseball . They are also too light . I find it harder to throw them accurately . I 'll be on the search for those old rawlings balls or something with a little more size and heft .
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 The tube started to leak in the second week . Was there any quality control ? What can I say . It should not be sold .
 I have bought 6 of these tubes for my bmx bike and they have all popped in a period of atleast 3 weeks they havent lasted and they are bad quality if you ride bmx.overall these are terrible .
 This vinyl mat stinks and is a health hazard ! I had it for almost a week and it was still off-gassing a vile odor . After an internet search , I learned that the odor was actually hazardous petro-chemical vapors -LRB- probably phthalate plasticizers -RRB- . I returned it !
 Very disappointed , mat is too small for the Schwinn exercise bike I was purchasing when Amazon suggested the mat as a companion item . I know now not to trust Amazon suggestions .
 I was eagerly awaiting this purchase to get back on the road with my bike , so when the UPS man arrived , I immediately installed the tube . Everything looked good , but when I inflated to 40 pounds , it blew . Only thing I can guess is that the universal size is a problem . I needed 26x2 .125 and it must get a little thin trying to fill up the volume inside the tire .
 do not ever order this inner-tube . i got screwed it dod not arrive on time . the tube is cheaply made .
 Purchased these and put them on my bike as soon as they came . I did n't have time to ride immediately , so my bike sat in the garage . First time I took my bike out , I just rode down the driveway and back , just to make sure they still had air in the tubes . Front tire was flat , next day back tire was flat , both with holes . I 've already thrown away the box , so I ca n't return them . Spend the money and get self healing tires .
 I purchased two . The first one did n't last past the first ride with it . Not sure what happened , but I 'm not optimistic about what will happen with the second one .
 i oder 3x not 2x i ask them if they coule oder big 3x sd they could ` nt they were out of stock , but could not oder it , i wil l never order things again from amz thanks dianne wright
 This looks like a nice item . However , I would n't know personally because I never received it from Fogdog . I ordered it 3 weeks before it was needed for my son 's birthday , then received a message saying that it was on backorder but I would be informed when it was shipped . A few days before I needed it , I received a message telling me that they canceled my order !!! I will never order anything offered by Fogdog again !
 I bought two of these tables for a casino night . They both came and had identical defects . The plastic trays have two small springs attached to a plastic pin . The plastic pins are supposed to fit between the layers of the felt top and hold the trays in . On both tables , about 1/3 of the pins were either bent or broken . They are very fragile and bend when you insert the trays into the felt top . The result is that you ca n't insert most of them into the felt top and have them lie flat . Since a couple had BOTH pins bent , I discovered that you could lay the trays flat without the pins , although they are n't secured . Since I need them for my event , and since it would be a hassle to return the two 30 lb each tables , I called Amazon and got a $ 15 `` discretionary '' refund for each of them , so that I only paid $ 35 each . Not ideal , but this partially compensates for it . However , I was really annoyed to find that there was another version which looks IDENTICAL on Amazon for $ 44 , $ 6 less -LRB- it is here : Trademark Deluxe Poker and Blackjack Table Top with Case . Oh well .
 I bought this hat for my husband since he is very into the south florida bulls , but the hat is enormous on him . He wears a size 6 7/8 and the hat says it should fit , but definitely does not . I was very disappointed , i know he wanted one that seemed fitted , so i thought this one fit would be perfect i think it is really meant for the larger sizes .
 I ordered a 4 ft Knox Defender bike chain to protect my scooter and was incorrectly delivered a 3 ft 3 inch Sunlite chain . When I emailed to ask what happened , I got one response which ask me for the picker number . Emails after that were ignored . So I called them and was forced to leave a message . No one returned my call , so I tried again and -LRB- gasp -RRB- actually received some help.The customer service rep on the phone blamed another company for changing barcodes or something without telling them . They took no responsibility for making a mistake . I did not want to go through the hassle of driving to a UPS store to return the item , so I am reluctantly keeping the inadequate chain for another purpose.DO NOT order from this company !!!
 This is by far the worst bike lock i have ever owned ... DO NOT BUY !! it lasted about one month and then the key just would not open the lock anymore . it actually broke from the inside after only being used a few times . Dont waste your money on Sunlite U locks they are CRAP locks that break fast nuff said . I woud give this item zero stars if i could .
 While this is a sturdy chain lock , it is NOT as described as a 4 foot chain as stated in the listing . UPC 72774 39210 on the lock packagingTHIS CHAIN IS ONLY 3 FEET 3 INCHES LONG , which will not work for my son 's bike . Bike World has been notified of this this several times but has yet to change the listing or notify Amazon.NOTE
 These tubes have an extremely high failure rate . On one 50-mile ride I went through FIVE of these tubes in a matter of hours . The quality of Bell products in general has gone to hell and I will never again buy anything made by them .
 I know , I know ! I should n't have done it . I knew it ahead of time . But I was trying to shave a few dollars replacing a tube that had a broken stem . So I did it . I bought two of these at a local discount store.No , no , no ! Do n't even think about it . I 've ridden road bikes since the 70s . I still have my classic Schwinn Continental . The one thing you do n't want to do is get caught way out on the road somewhere with a flat tube . These are total junk . As another reviewer said , and I found out too late , they have a high failure rate . I did n't even get the first one up to full pressure and it exploded . Split right down a seam!Then I saw printed on the tube
 This was actually the 2nd time I tried to purchase this hat . The 1st time , the logo on the front was completely off-centered . The 2nd time it looked okay , but the snaps on the sides did n't work . I tried to exchange the hat but I was told that it was discontinued ... I guess Reebok finally gave up !
 The good and the bad.UPDATE - I 'm very disappointed with this belt . It was rigid enough for a carry belt for a couple of months but then became way too flexible . I can no loners recommend this belt.The belt is comfortable and of very high quality . Many gun belts are very stiff and rigid while others are too flexible . The rigid belts can become uncomfortable over time while the overly flexible belts can create serious problems when trying to withdraw your weapon in a rapid/fluid motion.This particular belt provides a nice balance by supporting your holster without sag . That 's to say it 's rigid enough to support your weapon without creating discomfort by cutting into your hips . My review is written assuming the user is carrying a small to mid-sized frame weapon using a quality holster . The belt is 1 1/2 '' wide so you SHOULD use a holster that is designed for a 1 1/2 '' belt . If the belt loops are larger than 1 1/2 inches then you need to step up to a larger belt.As the previous reviewer mentioned , this is not a good choice for the 1911 . Quality 1911 holsters have 1 3/4 '' belt loop holes so simple logic would tell you that you need a 1 3/4 '' belt . Full size frame 1911 's are heavy which require a wider belt . As a reference , I carry a H&K ; USP Compact .45 which is NOT a small/light weapon . In fact , H&K ; calling it a `` Compact '' is a bit over the top . With this said , I use a Galco Concealable holster -LRB- rides on outside of the belt -RRB- with 1 1/2 loops and it works very well with this belt . So much so that I bought a tan as well as a black belt.Now the warning - I have a 32 '' waist and I always buy 34 '' belts . This belt in a 34 '' left me with only one spare buckle hole so I had to exchange it for a 36 '' . If the sizing were more accurate then I would have given the belt 5 stars .
 As a major manufacturer of gun belts , holsters , and accessories , I believe this would a sound purchase . This was not the case . It was an inferior produce that only serves as a casual belt . I would recommend the GALCO product as they are all designed to support the wear and carry of a full-size 1911 which is usually the largest carry gun most commonly found .
 Great price for this chalk cone but it arrived with numerous chunks that fell off the top and bottom when we unpackaged it . Clearly does n't ship well but will still work as needed . Disappointing how much chalk fell off the cone when we unwrapped it .
 I expected it to be a bit longer in length , so i just sleep in them instead of hoopin in them .
 no batteries were included and the slot for the battery was not even big enough for the battery to go into ! i had to force the AA battery in , so it may never come out again . shipping took MUCH longer than expected and the wood looks CHEAP ! i will never purchase anything else from this company again
 I bought these chips thinking that I had found a bargain , but it turns out that they are lower quality than many other chips that I 've played with . The finish is not as nice , and the cuts are a little rough . These are about 20 $ cheaper than most 500pc sets and I think it 'd be worth paying extra .
 I did some comparison shopping and thought this set looked like a great deal . $ 27 seemed like a fantastic price.At checkout , they wanted $ 23 for shipping and handling . It seems like they are trying to gouge us at checkout . The REAL price for this set is $ 50 . I passed on ordering the set .
 I ordered these and I got a different kind of syringe , like the cheap kind that they give you at the pharmacy with your prescription . I needed the ones with the tip cap and the plastic black line for acurate dosage .
 I bought this to give my daughter her medicine , I did n't think I wanted to try the others that came in boxes of 100 . The plunger broke off after about 2 weeks of use and with just gentle rinsing of the syringe after use , the markings `` washed off '' . Really useful for measuring , huh ? This syringe was so much lower in quality than the `` free '' ones you get at the pharmacy ! I am going with a large quantity box from a good manufacturer this time -LRB- like BD -RRB- , you should too . This is an awful product .
 This product is really not worth even the small amount of money I paid for it . In fact not a week after I bought it , it broke . Actually BOTH handles snapped off ! If they were n't hollow it would probably have been better , but for some reason the handles are ccompletely empty leaving a literal centimeter of metal left to hold either side of each handle . Skip this and buy a real balisong and grind or tape off the edge !
 It 's a good practice balisong , however , the handles are not of good quality . When I first held the knife I had several random sharp metal pieces along the handle I had to scratch off with another knife . After a week of owning the knife , the tang pin -LRB- the small metal circle at the base of the knife -RRB- had dented the handles making the blade stick to the handles . I had to take another knife and crave at the handle around the tang pin ... One of the handles was too loose also , so I had to took a hammer and hammered the handle . Paint is peeling too .
 I have pretty skinny legs , and these feel like they are cutting off the blood to my feet . Way to tight to use . Gave them to my girlfriend to use .
 I had hoped these would be the answer I was looking for . Although they do keep your pants legs out of the chain , they are extremely -LRB- almost paintully -RRB- tight . Also , even though the ends are rounded , they are still sharp and can easily snag your pants when putting them on or taking them off . The search for an easy and effective solution continues ...
 This video is pretty basic . It did not offer much in the way of speeding up your run or fixing problems . Ok for beginners .
 I 've worn only Thorlo socks for the past 10 years , but these latest -LRB- purchased 03/2006 -RRB- have really let me down . The material feels loose , no support , socks sag , and after only one day of wear the material has already `` fuzzed '' and looks as if it will be worn out within a week . Too bad , as I have many pairs of Thorlo hikers still in the drawer after years of use.I 'd recommend purchasing the Thorlo Coolmax Lt Hiker Crew Sock instead . This product has remained the same over the years , and I am very pleased with new ones which I purchased recently . The quality has n't taken a nose-dive . If the Hikers should hold up better than they seem , I 'll update my review . Until then , pass on these and go for the Light Hikers .
 I have used this type of Thorlo sock for many years . They used to last a lot longer before wearing through . Yes , I weigh a bit more than I used to but I no longer carry a 15 to 35 pound pack and I do many less miles than in the past . At this sort of price , these socks should be a whole lot more durable.If anyone has a suggestion for a replacement , some other sock that has the same function but is a better value , please leave a comment . Thanks .
 I bought a pair of this sock in December , 2011 , and both socks are riddled with huge holes . I 've bought Thorlos before with much better wear . These are disappointing .
 These are comfortable socks ... I just ca n't get over how frayed and frazzled they became with two to three wears . They look as though I 've owned them for years with all the loose fibers.For the money I suppose I expect a sharper image .
 It 's not comfortable to hold or to wear . It does n't open or close easily . Just because it 's a Buck knife does n't necessarily mean it 's a good knife .
 I bought three of these for my family . We used them for hiking and skiing . All of them started leaking after few trips . I recently bought new ones from Costco which are more ergonomic and working great so far . I would like to see how they do during coming skiing season .
 I was injured twice on this treadmill . Once when the thing just sped up to maximum speed on it 's own and the emergency cord did n't work -LRB- the treadmill kept going and going at 12mph ! -RRB- . And , once when it just stopped in the middle of going 6mph to a dead stop . I had it fixed 5x for different problems , now the company in charge says that they do n't even make most of the replacement parts for this treadmill , including the motor that is under a supposed lifetime warranty ! Please do not buy a Fitness Quest or a New Balance treadmill or you will regret it , and possibly get seriously injured in the process . You do n't want to be the one who finally makes them accountable for their terrible product because of a serious injury!I purchased a used Precor treadmill for a replacement of this treadmill and it works great . There are so many better treadmills out there . Read the reviews . A lot of times you get what you pay for with treadmills and elliptical walkers . Remember that a `` lifetime warranty '' is just lip service , especially if the company no longer makes the parts to replace it .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 This poker set is the cheapest quality there is . For the price , I kind of expected a lesser quality product but not this bad ! The chips are plastic with a metal insert . The chip edge is sharp and there are a lot of imperfections on the chip like dirt was mixed in it . Furthermore , the thickness of the chips are UNEVEN . Therefore , when you stack the chips -LRB- depending on the color -RRB- , 5 white chips may be shorter than 5 black chips . The poker case handle broke the first time I lifted it . The chip dividers are loose and the felt material is not glued in properly . This is really a bad product which should be banned from Amazon.Save yourself some grief . Spend a little more money and buy a reputable poker set ! What a waste of time and money !
 I 've owned two of these locks . The key broke off inside of the first one within two weeks because of a combination of the lock being too stubborn to turn and the key being too flimsy . Luckily I was able to return that one to the store and get a replacement . The replacement lasted for 9 months only because I realized you have to occasionally drip some chain lube down into the lock to keep it turning , but that one recently became junk as well because something inside the lock broke so that the key was stuck inside and would n't turn no matter at how many angles I wiggled it . I do n't believe ANY other u-lock on here could be more frustrating .
 Bought it brand new and after two days the key could no longer enter the lock and it no longer opens . Save 10 bucks and get a MASTERLOCK or better .
 Keys break easily , and with any kind of exposure to moisture , the lock rusts , making it nearly impossible to use . You get what you pay for with this item . Seek a sturdier option !
 This is the worst bike lock . I had it for a month , then the key stopped fitting in the lock . When I tried to wiggle it and get it in , the key broke off inside of the lock . I had to pay 45 dollars to get professionals to saw the lock off of my bike . Ridiculous
 After 2 weeks of using the lock , the key snapped in half . Luckily I had a spare . 2 Weeks later it snappe din half again and half of it was stuck inside the lock , even after I changed my style of opening it . The lock gets stiff at the very hint of rain . Do not buy .
 The lock itself served its purpose , but the key design is terrible . Not only is it hard to fit in the lock to where you practically have to force it in , it 's so poorly made that it can actually rip in half . So thanks , Bell , for that second key . I guess you knew we 'd need it eventually . What happens when that one breaks too ? Do n't buy this product .
 I bought this at walmart at the start of the college school year . Not only did the inside of the lock CALCIFY and RUST so bad that you have to hit the key in with a rock just to turn it -LRB- note
 I 'm on Amazon to return this product right now . The key is very fickle -- I can only get the darn thing unlocked 1 out of 20 turns of the key . There might be a trick to it , but I do n't know what it is . Also , as far as I can tell from reviews -LRB- that I should have read -RRB- , these things do not keep your bike safe !
 I 'm not sure if this was because someone tried to pick the lock , but this morning I unlocked my bike , then tried to pull the key out of the lock and the lock core mechanism came 1/2 way out instead . Oops . Now i ca n't get the key out or the core back in.This lock is about 2 weeks old btw .
 first off there is a youtube video showing how easy it is to pick this lock . nonetheless , both keys that i have now do not work . one key got damaged and didnt fit . then i was using the lock with the second key and now for some unexplained reason the key wo n't fit in all the way . this is a poorly made device . after reading the reviews , i just used it as an ancillary lock anyways combined with my kryptonite
 I only had this bike lock for 5 months . It rained last week which made they key difficult to insert . So hard in fact , that when I attempted to insert it today , my key broke in half .
 I felt secure with the lock , but the key was tough to get into the keyhole . A bit of oil would help , but it was still a bad design and should not have gotten stuck so often . Unfortunately , the key is extremely flimsy and bends if you try to jiggle it into the lock , and then breaks off at the bend . Happened to both my keys within 2 days , and now my bike is locked and I 've got no keys .
 I live in a low-crime area , so I 'm not too worried about someone using bolt cutters to steal my bike . However , This lock does n't work well in winter . It jams up , and it 's very difficult to insert the keys . And then , once you get the keys in , It 's a battle just to turn them.It 's comforting to know that if it does eventually lock up , I can remove the lock with bolt cutters . My advice
 I had my TREK 4300 stolen from me , and it was literally right outside my window -LRB- 18 feet away -RRB- while I was home . This worthless lock gave the thief no trouble whatsoever.PLEASE DO NOT buy into the false sense of security that BELL provides . Their products are cheap junk and thieves know it !!!!
 My bike got stolen with 2 of these locks on it . Security cameras caught a thug in a hoodie -LRB- of course , not identifiable -RRB- with bolt-cutters . Took all of 10 seconds . They were kind enough to leave one of the locks . In pieces.If you stole my bike , I hope you get hit by a truck on it .
 My bike was locked right outside my door to a metal railing with this lock . Went out , came back 4 hrs later and bike was gone , all this in broad daylight in the middle of the day . Unlike one of the other reviewers , I dont know how the lock was broken , but if you live in an area where many bikes are stolen , buy a better lock .
 i do n't usually have the time or bother to write reviews , but i just thought i 'd let everyone know that like several other reviewers of this lock , i too had my bike stolen using it . another bike locked to the same post as mine with a different u-lock was left untouched.the lock does n't work . reason enough not to purchase it i think . i 'm getting a more heavy duty one this time .
 Several others have said it , but it bears repeating . This lock can not be trusted to protect your bike.I locked my bike just outside my door . Left for work and the bike was there . Came home from work and the bike was gone . Only had the bike for a few weeks . I learned my lesson.I 'll be getting a much tougher lock -LRB- actually locks - at least two different ones -RRB- for my next bike .
 my bike and my girlfriend 's bike were next to each other , locked up , outside of my apartment . mine had a kryptonite u-lock , hers had this one -LRB- the bell hands off bike u-lock -RRB- . we went outside and he bike was gone , mangled bell u-lock left on the ground . my bike was still there , but the u-lock was slightly bent.the thief obviously tried to get mine , could n't do it , and went to hers and had no trouble at all . i definitely DO NOT suggest this lock at all if you live in an area that bicycle theft is a problem . FYI - i 'm in chicago , so it 's not like this is a rare occurrence , just keep it in mind .
 i suppose i should be greatful that it did n't get stolen sooner , but judging from the marks left on the only remaining part of my bike , this u-lock , it looked like it was pretty easy to pop open . next time i will spend the extra money to buy a heavier duty lock .
 I have no idea how this lock has any stars . The only thing it has to offer is that it is cheap . My bike was stolen right off my balcony in the middle of the day , while I was out doing some community service of all things . You might as well put a sign on your bike that says `` steal me '' if you use the bell lock . Once I get a new bike , I 'm going to get a Kryptonite .
 Watch this video how a guy successfully picked this lockunder a minute . -LSB- ... -RSB- No please do n't buy this lock because more than one person -LRB- other than me -RRB- got their bikes stolen using this lock.Bell Hands Off Bike U-Lock
 Looks as if it should work . But looks can be deceiving . Spend money to get a quality ulock - My bike as just stolen because I used this POS ulock .
 If I could give no stars , I would . I bought this lock and initially it was working perfectly , as advertised . The crossbar was coming off nicely and it was easy to use . Then it rained . Granted , I live in New Orleans so it rains a lot . But as a result of the rain , some of the interior components rusted and it was dang near impossible to insert my key , and once I got it in , I could hardly get it out . I literally had to ask for assistance to remove my key ! I thought that maybe by turning the lock upside down and draining the water , this would help . It did initially until it rained again , then it took me between 8 and 10 minutes to get the lock off on two occasions . I then decided enough was enough . I threw the lock away not only because of the time issue , but because it bent one key beyond use and the second was permanently stripped and could n't turn the lock anymore . Good thing I had the common sense to put my bike in my room after this .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 I wore my pair about 10 times before a large rip in the leather and stitching on the palm spontaneously opened up . Various stitching all over the glove is already fraying . This is from normal usage ; the gloves have not been stressed in a fall or anything like that.The picture and the price -LRB- I paid ~ $ 40 -RRB- made me think the gloves would offer reasonable protection , but I honestly think you 'd do better in a fall with a pair of gardening gloves . The leather is very thin and weak . The gloves are much less substantial than they appear in the picture.These are flimsy junk . Go buy an actual brand like Icon or Alpinestars .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! The darts included with the Halex 64750 Tournament Bristle Dartboard contain Cancer-Causing Lead ! There is a warning on a tiny slip of paper inside the package that says the darts do indeed contain Lead and also says that California has concluded that Lead can cause cancer and birth defects and other reproductive issues . `` The box that the dart board and darts came inside does not have any warning on it at all . The only notice is the tiny slip of paper that we almost overlooked.AMAZON , will you please stop selling products that can harm children , cause cancer and cause birth defects ? Thank you .
 The surface is rough and hard . The dart could hardly be sticked into the board . It is really dangerous when the dart rebounds from the wall .
 The darts were not included . That being said i feel the lowest rating is only adequate . The label on the package said the board shipped from a return center ...
 The dart board is fine , but it was supposed to come with two sets of darts . It did not . Order a less expensive board and buy your darts separately .
 bought this dart board about a week ago , and its pretty much what i expected for the price . first , the darts that come with it are pretty low quality . i broke 4 of the 6 plastic shafts the first night i played with them . after about a week of heavy use on the board -LRB- 3-4 hours a night -RRB- the spider -LRB- metal wiring -RRB- is very heavily bent making the board pretty much unplayable . seems like it would be okay for lighter use , but if you are buying it for more then just light use , you might want to invest in a higher quality board to get your moneys worth .
 I should have read the reviews before buying !!! Where do I start?The good - it looks like a real dartboard.The bad - The darts are such low quality that I guarentee that you will want to replace them immediately . One of the six darts broke within minutes of playing . The dartboard itself looks and feels like a decent board however I have had it for just over two months now and the wire rim is coming out of the board . This started to happen within a couple of weeks but I could just push it back in with staples that attach to the board . However the wire is now bent and wo n't push back in so the dartboard is useless , can not be used and is beyond repair . I shall be buying a better board.If you just want a cheap dartboard that you will keep in the basement and use infrequently - do n't waste your money on this one . It 's not even that good .
 Not only is this an extremely low quality board , but I ca n't get a refund or contact the seller!First of all , the darts broke apart easily within minutes of use . The tail things have to be put on after every single throwNext , the board appears to be cracked all over.And the darts LEAVE THE HOLES IN . THERE IS NO ` HEALING ' OF THE WOOD.THE BACK OF THE BOARD CONSISTS OF ONLY A SINGLE HOLE IN THE MIDDLE.THE NUMBERS ROTATE AROUND , BUT THE METAL COMES LOOSE EASILY BECAUSE OF THE LOOSE SCREWSALL IN ALL , I GIVE THIS A 0.5 OUT OF 5 . TERRIBLE QUALITYDO NOT BUYAMAZON WO N'T GIVE ME A REFUND - . -
 The metal sticks out to much . I bought two boards and within 3 or 4 times playing the metal starting coming out
 The vendor has advertised that these are available from `` $ 23.43 '' . There are no helmets available at this price , however - perhaps the vendor should be persuaded to advertise the correct price so that shoppers do not waste their time !
 This is a great helmet but not worth $ 37.00 I found the same helmets in Target -LRB- different brand -RRB- f0r 19.99 .
 This does not fit a stationary bike seat as advertised . Nice and cushy so I 'm sure it will work on a regular bicycle .
 I purchased this product about 2 weeks ago . The first problem that I experienced was that it did not fit my mountain bike 's seat . I had to change the seat so that it fits . It did not fit as I thought it would be . When I ride my bike , the front of of the gel cover moves from right to left and vice versa . Also , the gel cover moves forward and backward . What I suggest is , before you purchase this product , make sure that it will fit your seat . Otherwise , you will have wasted your money .
 This bike seat cover is great in theory . When it arrived I was so excited because it seemed really cushy . That 's about where the happiness ends . As a 31 year old female , this cover just is n't cutting it . It actually made my bike seat more painful . The relief sides are where the majority of the pressure centered . I only rode around our street and walked the bike home . Needless to say I returned this and just bought padded bike shorts . So much better .
 I bought this seat cover because my original bike seat was as hard as a rock . This seat cover has a pretty thick cushion on the back & slight cushion & pocket in front for better seating -LRB- read
 I first bought a Bell Gel Fusion + seatpad many months ago . I still have it and it 's very comfortable . I just bought another one the other day since I let my nephew use mine because he just learned to ride , and it is quite a different seatpad than the first one . It seems identical , with the depression in the middle , but it would barely fit my bike seat after much stretching . It is also noticeably firmer than the first seat , particularly on the sides of the depression . This makes it uncomfortable . I do n't know if Bell still sells the version I bought before -LRB- I bought the new one at Wal * Mart -RRB- . I plan to try to find a used one that was made a couple of years ago or so .
 It 's not very good because it can not tightly fit on the seat -LRB- keep moving . It would be better if using non-flexible texture .
 Great Seat - sadly it did not fit over my spin cycle seat at the gym . I 've returned the item and await credit .
 WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME !!!! I bought this cushion , becasue the seat that came on my cycle was very small for my large bottom ! LOL !! I am an amateur cyclist doing alot of MS150 and charity riding . When I started , like everybody I was very saddle sore and thought I needed padding . What people dont realize is experience brings caluses and with that seat cushion , it negates the caluses and also cuts off blood flow . When this happens you then experience numbness and tingling in your lower extremities . Common sense would tell you that that is not a good thing for long distance cycling . Eat you wheaties and tought through it . Also , the cheap drawstring that holds in onto your seat breaks so quicly , that you might as well buy a cushioned `` Granny '' seat before wasting your money that is going to fly off a quarter into any long ride ! WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME !!!!
 I bought this to use in Spin classes at the gym but experienced one of my most uncomfortable classes ever as a result . First , it barely fit on the seat . My primary complaint , however , is that the gel in the back half of the cover is quite a bit thicker than the gel in the front ... this essentially put me on a slope . If I let go with one hand to grab my water or tried to sit up straight , the seat would essentially propel me forward -- my pelvis would tilt at an awkward angle and I 'd have to grab onto the handles to keep from losing my balance . It was n't too bad when I was leaning forward resting on the handles , but even then I had to be careful to not slide forward and down the slope of the seat cover . As far as I 'm concerned , it was money wasted and I 'll never use it again !! I 'd rather go without a gel cover at all . Maybe I 'll leave it at the gym and hope someone steals it .
 this seat cover , makes you slip on the seat to the front constantly ... . you keep pushing yourself to the back and its very annoying , almost wanting to bend the seat in order to stay in place ... I bought it to avoid placing my intimate parts directly on the spinning bike seat , in case it hasnt been cleaned properly but I hate it so much , I rather use CLOROX wipes instead to clean the seat thoroughly before I use it ...
 do not purchase this item.i bought two , used it twice , and it 's very flimsy.i am waiting for the return merchandise form .
 Lost my old Wave multi tool recently , it was one of the originals , so I decided to treat myself to one of the Wave 2 models.Straight out of the box , the scissors do n't work , so it 's going back . Quite honestly the quality of this tool is nothing like the original . I 'm not suprised the scissors do n't work , they are so small and made of such poor materials , I should think cutting anything other than a strand of cotton would be putting them under stress . The saw blade is very thin compared to the original and the sheath is a joke , I ca n't even close this one . These things aint cheap , especially when you throw in a few accessories . My advice , save your money , buy a screwdriver , a pair of plyers and a box cutter then take the wife out for dinner on what you save , you might get lucky and get to use your other pocket tool !
 I was really glad when I got my Leatherman Wave.I think it is a fantastic pieze og equipment.BUT I was fixing my bike , and used my leatherman wave and some other tools.I was just trying to unscrew a bolt that was very tight.And then all of a sudden one of the pliers broke , about cm -LRB- 5 mm -RRB- of the tip of one of the pliers broke of ????? I was very disapointed.The pliers must be wade of some brittle material ? before the incident , I would have given the Leatherman Wave 5 stars.But I was only using the pliers , as you normaly would.So if the pliers cant stand up to this kind of work , then I ca n't trust this tool.Another time I will maby look into the swiss tool or something else.I want a tool that can take a beating .
 Leatherman 830040 New Wave Multi-Tool with Nylon SheathI have owned various Letherman multitools for years & this one is the worst one yet , first the nylon sheath wears lousey , will not stay closed , every time I use the toilet the tool falls out , that little scrawney worthless screwdriver broke off on the second use , the wire cutter do n't hold up , bends stranded copper wire instead of cutting it , after use closing the tool is a difficult task , the plier part locks up & must be pried apart to close , the standard cutting blade hold an edge & becomes useless , the phillip & straight screwdriver insert wears out too fast -LRB- cheap metal -RRB- , LM discontinued an excellent multitool & replaced it with this piece of junk , shame on you Leatherman , you just lost a good customer
 the first day i recieved this tool i tried to unsrew a large screw with the large screwdriver and it snapped at the base . i had the earlier model , which was great but the redisign seems to need a little re-engineering . i would not recommend it .
 Did you love your `` old '' Wave . I did . Unfortunately , so did my son -- that 's why I bought and then returned the `` New Wave . '' The New Wave is NOT made in the USA . The mirror finish blades are gone with the jobs of the finishers . The `` leather '' sheath is a few slabs of leather sewed onto some synthetic fabric . This is NOT the same tool . There are many less pricey options if you want cut corners and foreign manufacture . I think Schrade still makes a multi-tool here or many I 'll be able to find an `` Old '' Wave somewhere .
 The day after i got the Leatherman wave i examined and cleaned the parts after having lightly tested the saw blade on a piece of soft pine wood . When i opened it up and barely squeezed the pliers the metal strip beneath the joint broke away from the handle . Now the pliers are completely useless and i did n't even use them once on a job . Spend your money on a better tool , such as the SOG Powerlock . Leatherman tools are going down in quality .
 I went to dicks the other day and put a magnet to every leatherman they had.Guess what , it stuck to every single one of them.A clue for the clueless , magnets do not stick to stainless steel .
 This is an adorable fashion acessory - but I got caught in the real world with this thing in Post Katrina New Orleans , and I 'll tell you what , I do n't think it 's worth toting around this huge heavy thing for the poor performance . It was useless.The pliers handles are poorly shaped and hurt the hand , as well as being slippery . The other tools are compromised to fit into the neat-o package and do n't work that well . They do n't lock in place , and if you think you 're going to actually put any force into using that screw driver - guess again . The quality of the knife blade is just plain old lousy , and it wo n't take a better edge even on the stone . There 's a huge amount of room for improvement , but as it stands now the Leatherman is n't worth the weight to haul on a hiking or primitive camping trip ; in a disaster zone it was so useless I just threw it away as soon as these nice soldiers gave what they use - a set of pliers and a screwdriver . And a Swiss Army knife ... It was good to keep in the car for the most minor of tasks in the old days , like cutting price tags off of new handbags , but If the company wants to sell me another one it 'll have to be much more stable and ergonomicly functional . Maybe like a Swiss Army knife , which at least can get a wine bottle open . Do not underestimate the importance of this . ; - D
 Do n't buy the Leatherman Wave ... every time I use the pliers it pinches the base of my index figure ... a real piece of crap with a poor design ... off to put ice on my new blood blister !
 This tool does not feel good in your hand . I do n't like it ... It feels cheap.My friend bought the Gerber tool . We traded and both agreed the Gerber Freehand feels and looks better .
 This tools not worth buying . If you are looking for a Multitool keep looking . This thing is too heavy , the knive is too small , the screw driver twisted off when I used it once , the wire cutter made it thru one cut in 14ga wire . This should be called a `` one use tools '' `` OUT '' .
 Again , the sheath in the picture is ALL leather , and ONLY comes with item # 830037 , NOT this one !! This item # - 830039 - comes with a bulky , ugly , hybridized , nylon-and-leather sheath like the `` Leatherman -LRB- 831102 -RRB- Super Tool-300 Multitool with Premium Sheath `` The tool itself is top-of-the-line , not the sheath though . Spoils such a great thing too . I was very disappointed because I would have made a different decision or at least I would have known what I was getting , now there is no time to switch - it 's a gift for a friend.The item # 830037 is sold here also , but no distinction is made between the two .
 I was given one of the first-generation Waves as a gift when they were first introduced , and loved the thing . I used it all the time , and when it finally started to wear out I looked forward to the upgraded Wave as a replacement . There 's a lot to like about the new Wave
 What a disappointment.I will update this comment with link to the pictures of the defects with this tool.What a lie .
 after reading reviews i bought the leatherman wave . i own a gerber suspension and found the gerber far superior
 This is one of the worst multitool I 've ever gotten with nothing but cheap steel , cheap nylon , a couple little slots that you ca n't fit your finder into . This tool hurts my hand when gripped hard . Buy a good tool instead of this one .
 I have a Leatherman Skeletool and it 's great . I was going to get a different model for my son-in-law , but I canceled the order when I saw the shipping and handling was $ 19.70 . Nice try .
 Even though I have had excellent quality with my previous leatherman knifes , this one came with very loose can opener and detachable screw driver , so each time you open it , they hang open which makes the tool hard to manipulate . I tried to tighten a pair of glasses leg screw and the tip of little screw driver broke at minimum force.I am not happy with this knife , and went back to the old one I had .
 My daughter has developed a use for a multi tool so I gave her my original wave and bought the new wave for myself . While there some improvements in the new wave , there are problems with the new wave that makes it a much inferior tool to the original wave .1 . The pliers are very , very stiff to open and close . I am hoping that with time things will loosen up with time . But out of the box , opening and closing the pliers takes a lot of work .2 . There are a lot of sharp edges on the new wave . When you have a knife blade open , the back of the closed blades stick out and cut into my hand . If you look at the pictures of the new wave you will see one that shows the new wave closed and you can somewhat see how back of the blades stick out . Trust me , it is a lot worse than it looks and the back of the blades have sharp edges . This as a serious shortcoming in that the palm of my hand is sore from using the new wave . The original wave was much more comfortable to use .3 . The case that comes with the new wave is made of a combination of leather and nylon and is much less convenient to use than the all leather case of the original wave . The snap of the case is hard to close and usually takes several attempts to close . The case has several pockets that are completely useless but that make the case a lot bigger than it needs to be . In short , the new case is bulkier and not as functional as the old case.I am really surprised at how good the reviews of the new wave are but in my mind it is vastly inferior tool . My advice is to try the new wave out in a store before buying it .
 I have purchased many leatherman tools over the years ; this will be my last.The rough finish on the assembled parts makes this exceptionally hard to open and close . I have spent at least 2 hours opening and closing the tool in an effort to make the parts mesh , without success.Quality control does not exist , this tool never should have left the factoryTry SOG instead , much better quality control
 I returned this Leatherman 8300939 New Wave Multitool for the simple reason that when I opened the blade fully , used it and then went to unlock the blade , the unlock mechanism would not release the blade . When I went to reorder a multitool , I read more of the comments from others and found that some were claiming that Leatherman was no longer maintaining the quality standards of days of yore . Thus , I have since acquired a SOG and a Gerber multitool , neither of which has had a problem requiring return of the product . Thanks to Amazon 's return policy , the return was easy .
 Based on my experience , this is a step backwards from the old Wave . My old wave was sturdily built , and I used it for years without problem , until it got confiscated at airport security . Doh ! I recently replaced it with the New Wave . I used the small flat screwdriver head right out of the box , and the tip snapped off with only medium torque . Amazon replaced it , but on that one the every time I used the scissors the spring bar kept popping out to the side , making them unusable -LRB- I found someone else who had the same problem , and they posted a picture here
 This product simply does n't work . I do n't mean that it works poorly . I mean it does n't work . It does n't pump air into tires . How a company could put their name on a product like this and put it into the marketplace is beyond me . I will never ever buy a product by Bell again . Ever .
 I switched to a Zefal TX Switch Mini Pump . Lists for $ 20 and is regularly on sale for $ 10 , same as the Bell . The Zefal and the Bell are day and night . The Zefal snaps securely to the valve -LRB- I could never get the Bell to lock on -RRB- , is easier to pump , lighter , and has a simple slide switch to go from presta to schraeder.Bell should be ashamed to sell this product .
 During the time I was considering buying this model , I happen to see the same thing at a local department store ; so I bought it . I could n't wait to take it back.I was n't impressed with the cheap plastic . The pump came with the adapter pre set for a Schrader valve ; my tires are Presta . The blister pack says it can be used for both and indicates all one has to do is to take off the `` round end '' , remove and reverse the plastic adapter , re insert and then screw on the cap -LSB- tight as per the label -RSB- . Seemed simple enough , so , I took off the cap , took out the plastic insert -LSB- I noticed it is in 2 parts -RSB- , reversed and re inserted and then replaced the cap . When I put the end on the Presta valve and then pressed down on the `` thumb part '' , I could n't help but notice that the plastic would not grab the valve , but was loose . So I decided to change back to the Schrader type -LSB- and use my adapter valve -RSB- ; maybe this would be a tighter fit . So , I took off the cap , and tried to remove the insert , but only one part of it came out ; the parts separated ; I could not remove the `` bottom '' half . I was not going to force it out . I put the parts back together , re inserted them into the blister pack and returned it . No thanks !!! I gave this product 1 star only because of the way this review process is set up ; it does n't deserve any star or any consideration for purchase .
 I carried this pump on my bike because is small , light and looks good . But when I had a flat the pump was usless and left me stranded on the highway . This is one of several Bell products I 've been dissatisfied with .
 I bought this piece of junk at my local store and I followed the instructions on the back of the box and when I tried to add some air to my back tire , it let all of the air out instead . I tried for about 30 minutes last night and about 10 minutes this morning , to pump air into the tire , and got no results . I 'm going to return this .
 I got it to work after much struggle the first time I took it out . After that it would n't work at all . Nothing happens when I change the lever from the up to down position and it leaks air when I try to use it . I 'm late to class today due to a flat tire CAUSED by this pump . DO NOT BUY !
 This pump comes with a hose and needle for blowing up balls . But there 's no way to attach it securely to the pump ! The instructions are completely useless . Does not deserve the one star .
 After looking at this thing for over an hour -LRB- and can I add I have 3 engineering degrees -RRB- , I FINALLY got it to work . So let me explain . . I have schrader valve tires -LRB- I had to look this up in order to know what setting to use -RRB- . This is the valve that comes on your basic walmart brand bikes -LRB- which is where I got my bike -RRB- . So the pump as it comes , is made for some other valve . What you have to do is1 -RRB- unscrew the ring-cap at the mouth of the pump.Once you do that , you will find 2 internal pieces . A harder plastic piece with a nubby on one side and a raised rim hole on the other . The second piece is a softer rubber piece with a large hole on one side and a smaller hole on the other . The way the pump comes , the hard plastic piece is positioned so the nubby sticks out the mouth of the pump and the raised rim fits securely into the larger hole of the softer rubber piece -LRB- both pieces being secured inside the pump with a ring-screw cap -RRB- .2 -RRB- Remove both the hard plastic piece and the soft rubber piece .3 -RRB- Place the nubby end of the hard plastic piece into the smaller hole of the soft rubbery piece .4 -RRB- Place both pieces together back into the pump so the hard plastic piece goes in first and the soft rubber piece with the larger hole is at the mouth of the pump .5 -RRB- Screw the ring-cap back onSo when you go to use the pump , the lever should be perpendicular to the body of the pump when you place it on the valve . Once it is placed , push the lever down parallel to the pump and . . well . . start pumping.It works , but I 'm only giving it 2 starts because , it was crazy hard to figure out how to use !!
 It does n't work . Not that it works badly , it does n't work at all . It only gives a farting noise internally and air does not go into the tire.Don ' t waste your money.Garbage .
 I got this because it was cheap , but since it does n't work and I have to get another , I did n't really save any money . The lever on top that looks like the lever on other hand pumps actually does nothing . It 's completely fake
 All this air pump does is let out what little air may be in your tyres . I ca n't think of anything else I have ever bought that was as completely useless as this . It is a toy , pretending to be an air pump . The nonfunctional lever on the top -LRB- mentioned by other reviewers -RRB- indicates that it was designed as a toy . I 'm just happy I was trying to put air in my tyres in the driveway , not out on a trail . In the past , I have bought a number of Bell products , including motorcycle helmets . I now shudder to think what might have happened if I had put one of them to the test .
 IT is amazing to me how something like this could even be approved for the market - This pump is 100 % JUNK . SO Bad , that I am finding my self actually writing a review about a bicycle pump . The instructions were a disaster ... . and why would I need to look at instructions for a pump ? - Well , that is because it does not work , and I mean does not work at all ! The lever on the side is a total gimmick -LRB- does nothing as the previous review states -RRB- . Save your money here - Do NOT buy this pump .
 I tried the instructions one of the other reviewers gave and it does NOT work . What a useless piece of junk . DO N'T buy it !!
 Huge waste of time and money . Must be a scam . I tried everything to make this thing work . I think I could get it to seal correctly , but once it is sealed , there is no way for the pump to refill itself with air after the first `` strike '' .
 I ca n't believe a company would put their name on such a terrible product . You can get this to fill-up tires , but not without an engineering degree . Even with said degree in your arsenal of tools , this product does not work as advertised . Do n't waste your money on this junk .
 I bought this pump a few years ago for my bike , just in case i decided to get a flat out in the woods . It is small , compact and fit right onto my frame . I finally had occasion to use it today , at home thankfully . I popped it onto the stem , started pumping , and voila ! my tire was even flatter than it had been before i started `` inflating . '' I am a reasonably educated young man , so I figured a simple bike pump should be well within my abilities . wrong again . I spent almost a half hour attempting to get this thing to work , in addition to following the directions posted above . Nothing , I couldnt even get it to seal properly on the stem . Do n't waste your money on this . Mine is now lying in the corner of the yard , bent in half . I went out and spent $ 20 on a foot pump that inflated my tire in 5 seconds . No muss , no fuss .
 I bought this at a department store for 10 dollars . It was the cheapest one there . With its low price , I figured at worst it would n't work as well , or maybe it would n't be as durable as the more expensive pumps.So I got home , followed the instructions , flipped everything to the Presta side , had the lever in the UP position as I tightened the end cap securely to the rubber piece as far as it would go . I placed the pump on the Presta valve on my bicycle , locked the lever in the down position and pumped . No air . Spent 30-45 minutes trying different positions , angles , techniques ... slow , fast , etc. at getting air into my tires . In a fit of desperation I even flipped the rubber seal inside the pump to the `` Schrader '' / standard side . I even tried making a seal with my fingers . I tried holding it as steady as humanly possible while I pumped . I tried a different tire . My reasoning for all this was that I thought surely they would not make a product that did n't work . I must be doing something wrong!Well I eventually came to my senses.With this pump it is impossible to maintain an air tight seal around my valve for any length of time , let alone long enough to get the tire inflated properly.I would like to see a rep from Bell inflate a bicycle tire with this pump . I have n't tried the Schrader/standard side , but I can tell you that if you 're wanting to inflate anything with a Presta valve , this product will do nothing more than give you a light arm workout .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 Although product is rated for 5 and over , I would n't recommend it for ages under 10 . The bindings are difficult to release and the way they attach to the board allows them to stick out the bottom and act as snow brakes . If the rider had larger boots this may be less of a problem ? Although other reviews made mention of the binding issues , they did n't seem to indicate they were that big of an issue .
 I was thrilled to find that a reasonably priced rechargeable bike light exists . I avoid throw away battery items like some avoid taxes . We have too much toxic stuff in our landfills already an I refuse to add to the this insanity . However , to my great disappointment , the internal workings of the light seem to burn out before ever recharging properly and before the the green light goes on to indicate a full charge . Then the light ceases to function at all . Amazon was great in sending a replacement TWO times , yet the same problem persisted . I checked with BELL too to make sure I was n't doing something wrong and I was n't . This light is a great idea , albeit with some definate glitches that need to be worked out by Bell . The two stars are for the great idea .
 I wanted a bike with a simple and strong frame . I did n't want complex electronics in the way of my view so that I can watch a TV at normal level . I wanted a comfortable seat . In these areas the Monarch is great . No complaints here other than I could n't get one screw for the seat base to install . I would have had to drill out the hole since the threads in the seat post were offset a bit.What I did n't know is that this bike uses an old chain drive to spin the flywheel . It uses a friction belt to provide resistance . Now maybe it needs to break in or my gear alignment needed adjustment or something else but it was very annoying to listed to the chain go round . It was n't a smooth sound like you hear on a bicycle but kind of a crunching erratic sound . I do n't know how to best to describe it . Maybe I could improve the setup but for what this bike costs I could n't stand to keep it . I also do n't like the friction belt setup . This and the chain just makes for too much noise ; however , I could live with belt noise if the chain drive was silent.The heavy and large diameter flywheel results in a bike with a very smooth motion . Great . Too bad the Swedes do n't modernize the drive system to quiet it down and eliminate chain maintenance . Maybe this bike would be OK for a rehab clinic but definitely do not buy for home use . Even for a clinic I would think there are better bikes . Get a bike with a belt drive and silent eddy current brake .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 Man I could n't wait to get this little number . I 've worn a K bar neck knife for a long time without any problems but wanted the Buck as it is made in the USA.I was happy when it arrived and immediatly switched it out with the K bar . I wore it one time and when I got home discovered that the sheath was not designed to keep the knife secure and the knife was gone . Wasted money.If you decide to purchase the product take my advice and wear it in your boot or you wo n't have it long . I wo n't buy another as I feel it did n't live up to the hype . Guess who 's wearing a K bar made in China right now.Buck StonebrokeNew Caney , Texas
 the major problem with this knife is the length of the handle . the handle is about big enough for 2 1/2 fingers , so you end up using the lanyard as a handle . the fact it is a `` Neck Knife '' makes it a pain to carry . You ca n't just toss it in your pocket and go . one plus is the fact it is light and probably durable . I also own the Gerber EVO JR which is what I would recommend instead .
 The length of two razors , the maneuverablity of one razor , the price of a 7 '' kabar ? The only effective way to use this knife is to pinch between thumb and first two fingers . I would recomend punching a hole in a box-cutter and looping some paracord through before i would recomend this because at least your razor will have a handle . On the upside - would be a good gift for a VERY responsable child .
 I ordered one of these to try out a knife made of the normally expensive S30V steel . The knife and the sheath are fine cometically , but it is DULL . I have bought a lot of knives and until now every new knife I 've bought was sharp . What makes it even worse is that I sent back the first one , that 's right , this is copy # 2 , because it was DULL . I stated that I wanted a replacement because of that . Who else looks dull ? Amazon . Why send me a dull knife to replace a dull knife ? Sending back the first one was a waste of my time , so I am going to keep this one and sharpen it myself . Beware the polite , but witless Amazon customer service .
 My wife and I walk a hour each night and felt we needed some king of a night light for protection from automobile so we purchased two of these walking lights from you last month . One lasted 1 and 1/2 hours before going blank . The other one lasted less than 5 hours . These is a terrible product . Would never recommedd it to anyoneJack M Ruffing
 I bought this for my wife a month ago and she has yet to use it . Why ? Because they protected the battery from running down with some sort of strip that needs to be removed before the first use -- and that strip is inside the battery compartment , which is locked with a screw . A tiny screw . A tiny , incredibly tightly screwed in screw . A tiny -LRB- did I mention that yet -RRB- screw you wo n't have a screwdriver small enough to open . A tiny , easily strippable non-standard , tightly screwed screw that makes the product useless , unless , as another user wrote , you simply break the thing and hold it together with tape . So , apart from the bad design of the battery compartment , this could be just the thing we need . But as it is , we 're just a tiny bit screw -- ed . : - -RRB-
 This worked great for a while and then the switch started acting up . Eventually I would have to unscrew the battery every time I used it . That had the downside of not being able to toggle between the different light strobe settings . It is very light , but quickly stopped working .
 I bought two of these . I had read reviews that said the battery cover was a problem , but I have lots of tools , including tools for tiny screws , so I thought I 'd be all right . Not ! I was able , finally , to get the case off of one of them , and so will be using it . The other -- just could n't budge that screw , and ended up stripping the head . Amazon is refunding for the one , which is great -- but what a nuisance ! Not only is the screw REALLY tiny , but it is Phillips head and in really tight .
 I have red/orange sunglasses and I have blue - so Green was really different-and in the picture they look really GREEN . All I can say is that must be photoshopped . Because when they arrived they were blue . Sorry they are going right back .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 We bought the girls version of this skate for my four-year-old daughter . These skates are advertised as beginner skates , yet the material the uppers are made from is thin and totally floppy . Ankle support is non-existent . Beginning skaters need ankle support regardless of whether the skates have double runners . Now that I have seen them , I think these skates are overpriced for what they are , and useless for my daughter at any price .
 I purchased 3 of these for out class because the gloves we used smelled terrible and were falling apart . The instructor and students would rather wear the old gloves because the fit is SO BAD . Their constantly adjusting them due to the terrible form and the thumbs keep popping out . Terrible design and fit .
 Please correct your website . I am returning these without trying them on because they are made in China . Amazon listed them as being `` U.S. made '' . This is the second thermal underwear I have purchased from Amazon that listed it as made in USA , but were made somewhere else . This is frustrating as I am freezing while going to the post office to return these things a second time .
 I bought the bottoms for my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' and they only went half way up his behind . I bought a large which is his correct size but they just were n't long enough . It 's too bad because they were thick and looked really nice . I would n't recommend these bottoms for a tall person .
 Way too tight and I 'm a skinny guy ! So tight as to be very uncomfortable , especially in calves and crotch . Probably a way of skimping on material -LRB- made in China -RRB- to save a few cents .
 when i received these bottoms , I didnt expect much because polypro is plastic basically . I dont blame the seller for the quality . These pants do not flex with your movement and they were a bit snug on the legs . The one great thing about these is they make a great wind block . I bought these mainly for warmth but they are not flexible enough to move with your body . they kept puklling on my knees . They also make me sweat but its no different than wearing a plastic trash bag . The vender sent them very quickly and I was pleased at the quick response . i just did not like the quality and flexibility . I wish they made a really warm pair of these undergarments that was really warm and breathed .
 We had the same experience as the other two reviewers . Due to inadequate shipping box we received the item cracked in multiple areas . We decided to just receive a refund instead of dealing with the same shipping problems again . It looked like a nice dart board and I hope Amazon -LRB- or the third party seller -RRB- will change the shipping procedure soon .
 I thought maybe the other reviewer just had a bad experience with the shipping of this item , however my order also arrived broken . The box it is shipped in is NOT meant for shipping . Save yourself the hassle and order a different dart cabinet .
 I ordered this set and it arrived damaged . They do not ship it in another box , they use the thin box it was packaged in as if you bought it at a store . The replacment came the same way even after discussing with Customer Service . It might be a great tiem but until they fix their shipment for it I would not waste my time !
 Wish I had read the reviews before ordering . Ours was in pieces on arrival as well . It was a very disappointing Christmas to say the least .
 this product arrived with both doors seperated from body of cabinet . the weight of the doors as compared to the size of the hinges and screws clearly indicates poor design . so i do not think this is a `` damaged in shipping '' issue -LRB- althogh the box was a mess also -RRB- . instead of going thru the hassle of returning the item -LRB- i would have needed to rebox and pack -RRB- , it was easier for me to rebuild the door/body attachments with glue , bigger hinges and longer screws .
 I bought it given reviews by others , but my one must have been faulty coz it worked for about 1 second after installing it and it has n't worked ever since . I 'd suggest any would be buyer pay a bit more for something that works !
 received 2 Bell SpinFit Calorie Bike Speedometer . Batterys are bad . I bought a battery and one speedometer worked part of the time . I rode 10 miles and the odomoter recored 6.2 working intermittenly
 It is reasonably accurate . The numbers displayed are formed irregularly . You ca n't zero it out by zeroing one category i.e. Distance . The price is reflective of its quality .
 I found this bike computer was easy to install and get to work , but after about 100 miles , this speedometer just failed completely . The magnet on the front wheel which is used to contact the `` counter beacon '' exhibits varied sensitivity resulting in inaccurate speed and distance readings . For example , my speed often jumped from an accurate 6 mph to 199 mph because the beacon slips and the magnetic signal is poor . The computer also reset the odometer when i took it off of the stage , losing all of my miles . The electrical contacts somehow got dislodged and the computer no longer functions at all . What a waste of money.i am surprised to see anybody giving this product any stars given that this speedometer failed so quickly and in so many different ways . I have purchased a more expensive replacement from Schwinn and strongly recommend against the purchase of this Bell product .
 I tried this because it seemed like a few people managed to get it to work . And since I did n't want to spend a lot on one , I thought I would give it a go . NO . I would n't even waist your time and money ! I have tried to get it to work . Its a great clock for when you are out and about , but I can not get it to do anything else . Plus , the instructions are a little difficult , as they are small and can be hard to identify what end of what goes where .
 This worked for about 5 minutes for me . I have fiddled and fiddled with the magnet spacing , the connection from the computer to the mount , everything . It simply does n't work . I do n't know what 's wrong , but the thing is useless .
 this gun i bought and they did not send the camp version they sent the black version and i am very upset
 Be careful with this very cheap plastic attachments DO NOT attach well lose and wiggle around ??? My son was NOT pleased with this . Does not shot far and BB 's shot out then up in the air UPWARDS ?? Terrible
 The gun had a cool paint job and looked and feelt great and it came with all of the rail attachments that i was hopping it would come with and the battery was alright , i had no problems using it 2 and a half hours . But , When i got to use it in its first war it was all for show because 200 FPS is weak and so the range was short as well . On top of that the rifle was very inaccurate . In conclusion , it is a good beginers gun if you do not have any big expectaions because it struggled to compeat with the pistols I used it the war and i found my self just using my pistol becuause this rifle is so unreliable . In short you get what you pay for -LRB- i got it for $ 35 -RRB- .
 ok its a good gun im not going to lie but the camouflage just ruins it if it were fully black with the orange tip it would be fine but no it had to have the camouflage . LImited edition yeah right you could get the exact same one everyday at the swap maeet or flee market if you will . Simply do not buy this gun , buy this gunNew Generation MP5A5 Heavy Airsoft Gun Full Size MP5A5 LOADEDthat will be a good use of your money
 The gun shoots great ... for A pistol !!! this exuse for a gun is terrible ! EVERYTHING IS PLASTIC ! 2.0 bbs go about 30 ft before going straight down . if you use .12 bbs , they curve WAY up after 15 ft. My advice , save some more , and get the WELL G3 SAS or some thing above 90 dollers . DONT GET THIS GUN !!!!
 Please dont buy this . It was my first gun and now im really into airsoft . I now own a 400 $ kwa m4a1 with a diamond holo unit . This gun goes like 20 feet and it doesnt even hurt . Its looks decent but the internals suck if you want a decent gun atleast get a metal gearbox . yOU PAY FOR WHAt you get , crap . Worst gun ever and listen to me . All these other reviews are inexperienced airsofters . THIS GUN IS TERRIBLE PLEASE DO NOT BUY !
 After ordering , the vendor emailed me and said that the one he had did n't quite look like the picture . I said that was fine and send it to me anyway . My bad . The one I received looked like it was 10 years old . The attachments were so small that it would n't fit over my front fork -LRB- I guess they used to be skinnier 10 years ago -RRB- . In the end I went to REI and bought the Cateye Velo 5 .
 It was suppose to be brand new unit unopened , but when I received it , it did not have the white safety shroud with it . I will have to install without it .
 The item works fine ... until someone tries to pull it apart . It can be pulled apart and broken with bare hands -LRB- as I discovered when someone tried to steal my bike -RRB- .
 I purchased this lock and made sure to lock the bike properly , securing it around the tires and the frame itself . But when I returned shortly after from the first time using it , the bike and lock were gone . Excellent waste of money .
 I was very disappointed with the bike lock . It does not have the holder for the lock like my last one had and the cable is so strong that it is hard to manage .
 The lock seemed really good for the money , but after a month of light use , the casing pulled out while I was stretching the cord . This means that unless I really fiddle with it , the hole that the lock goes into DOES NOT LINE UP with the plastic casing.So really , it 's a cheap product . It should not break when uncoiling !
 My Schwinn got stolen with this cable lock right in front of where I work , and in broad day light . One snip with a cutter is probably all it took . Buy a U lock if you value your bike .
 easily cut off by the thief . 2 bikes lost.The lock is a joke .
 I LIVE IN A CITY THAT HAS A HIGH BIKE-THEFT RATE . THE LOCK LOOKED STURDY IN PICTURES ON THE WEB AND THE PRICE WAS RIGHT , BUT I COULD CHEW THROUGH THIS SUCKER WITH MY TEETH . RETURNING IT COST AS MUCH AS THE LOCK . SO I USE IT IN CONJUNCTION WITH A MUCH STURDIER LOCK .
 The cable is so tightly wound that it is dangerous to try to use . Also you need 2 hands to be able to lock it with the key - very inconvenient & frustrating . We ended up just buying the chain that has a vinyl sleeve over it to use with a combination lock instead .
 I just received and needs a couple more clicks on my head to fit correct . And if I try to turn dial to tighten , the release is on top of dial and I keep pressing it and it gets loose again . I dont know why they designed it with points on the dial . It starts to hurt my thumb if I try to tighten . I bought this cause the light weight but sticker on helmet says 298 g the description says 255 . This sucks . .
 The price is right , but the dial-fit wheel started to slip , and would n't tighten properly the second time I used it . That part is very flimsy and not well-designed . The helmet has good cooling.Seems to leave way too much of the back of the head exposed . I understand that the pointy part in the back will keep your head from hitting the ground if you fall backwards . However , if something were to hit you in the lower part of the back of the head - such as a truck mirror for example - there would be nothing to stop it except that flimsy , hard dial-fit buckle.The chin strap fits uncomfortably , if you adjust it to hold the helmet securely . It really digs into that area where your jaw meets your neck . If you loosen it , then the helmet does n't seem to be on securely.Looks too bulky on my head .
 Just bought this helmet to replace another whose pads had worn out after a year or two of use.I was surprised to see that Bell is not shipping these with a spare set of pads . Based on the short lifespan of these very thin pads , this helmet will end up in a landfill in a year or two . Once the pads wear a little the velcro starts to poke your skin , not fun.We 're debating returning this helmet because of this .
 The universal fit mechanism works well and the helmet can be made nice and snug . The main drawback with this helmet is that the buckle/strap combination is horrible . I ca n't ride 15 miles without it becoming dangerously loose , necessitating constant correction . The straps seem too thick for the buckle adjustment slots , hence the slippage . Maybe this is not a problem if you ride 2-3 miles at a time , but it is a major inconvenience for longer rides . I regret this purchase , and would avoid other Bell helmets in this price range in the future .
 I purchased this light in march and used it for a couple of month until the light refused to stay attached to the mount . This is due to the idiotic design of having the light slide `` up '' onto the mount rather than `` down '' so that it slides off with the slightest bump . I contacted customer service in July to tell them I was having an issue and a very nice lady promised to send me a replacement light . Now , 2 month and 3 excuses later , I still do not have a light . This is a poorly designed product , with customer service which has not only failed to make things right , they have deceived me about their intentions to do so .
 This item is not as advertised . It is not an all white helmet . It has black on the inside and outside . I am very upset .
 Did n't have this for very long before the main seal sprung a leak - it would be a great pump for the ergonomics , and when it worked , it flowed a ton of air , but sorry guys , I 'll not be buying another planet bike pump again .
 This pump is the same as all the others
 I purchased this brush on June 17 , 2010 . I have used it a total of maybe 10 times in the last year . Today , when I tried to use it , all the nylon bristles just sheared off into the pool , rendering the brush completely useless . Based on my experience , this item is of poor quality .
 What can go wrong with a pool brush ? Glad you asked . The plastic tension piece in the brush that is supposed to hold it in the pole is not nearly strong enough to hold it in place . One twist or bump while brushing and you may see your brush drop to the bottom of your pool !!
 Well-made with a strong aluminum backbone , but with brittle bristles that snap off after only three months of use . This is the second Hydro Tools brush that has done this , so we are trying another brand -LRB- Splash pools brush -RRB- . We 'll see how that works , but the nylon bristles to ANY of these pool brushes are their weakest link ...
 As noted by other reviewers the brush works to move stuff on the bottom as long as the clip can keep it attached to your pool pole . The handle which goes inside your pool pole is slightly undersized , and the clip can not reliably keep it on your pole . The holes for the clip are about 3 inches ahead of the brush bottoming out , so any pressure on the brush -LRB- similar to normal pressure when you push the brush along the bottom -RRB- causes the brush to go further into the pole than the normal position -LRB- which causes the clip to press together and as soon as you pull on the pole , the brush comes out . -RRB- Luckily the brush floats , so it is relatively easy to retrieve it from the pool surface and start more carefully . The insert for the handle need to be a bit larger in diameter , allowing the brush to fit snuggly , and the hole for the clip need to be drilled higher up in the handle . I added some duck tape to make the diameter wider , and used a drill to make the clip hole match up when the brush is all the way in .
 This is one of the worst pool brushes I 've bought . After a few months of use the bristles will break off into your pool . You get what you pay for !!!
 Worthless lock , made with cheap materials , easy to pick , easy to break the end links , which look like brittle pins which hold the also cheap , links . Plastic cover is low grade . Use this for quick bike stops for a tire guard . You should use about 2 other heavy duty locks . Might be good only for a fence/gate or around kids so they do n't move a bike . Other than that , it 's Worthless.Yeah , vote `` NO '' on ` found the following review helpful ' but it 's your bike .
 Had to wait 2 weeks for it then it was the wrong item so i had to send that back and wait another week for the right one : -LRB-
 The Dyna Disc I received had to be returned . When I attempted to put air in it , the air valve popped out and almost hit me in the eye . I could n't get the valve back in so that it would stay . As a result , the Dyna Disc was useless . It 's a great product if it 's not defective .
 Unless you have the strength of King Kong , do n't buy this thrower . I 'm used to throwing a single Wincehster-made , SOFT PLASTIC , clay pidgeon thrower which is as sweet to swing as my Taylor-Made driver . We usually shoot 400 targets every Friday so I thought we 'd jazz it up with doubles . The idea is good but the thrower wo n't release the birds . The factory has not heard of quality control and let the plastic get too hard/rigid and the handles wo n't realease the birds in the double-mode no matter how break-wrist hard you swing . I 've tried speading the openings further but that does n't seem to work either -LRB- still wo n't release the birds -RRB- . I 'm not a small guy nor a girly-man so lack of strength is not the problem -LRB- and others shooters have also tried it -RRB- . I hope this gets back to the manufacturer and maybe they 'll try their own crappy product and see what I 'm talkin ` bout . Maybe I 'll buy one more Winchester thrower -LRB- for a total of two -RRB- and use their combining handle to throw doubles . Oh yeah , the Winchester single thrower costs $ 5 . -LRB- Ond one star is generous but the review would n't accept a zero . -RRB- Duck Killer .
 If a 5 is a great item this would be a -5 ... The design is great but the plastic will not bend to take a standard clay pigeons -LRB- had three different boxes -RRB- without shattering it . I would not waste my time purchasing this.Note , I was trying to use this outside in about 35 degree weather but that should not matter whatsoever.I returned the item ...
 I bought this product from Shooter 's Ridge . Stay away from this product because it does not come pre-filled as advertised . I have not been able to use this product yet because I have n't had the time to fill it . First , I have to figure out what to fill it with . Once this is determined -LRB- I live in Minnesota with a blanket of snow -RRB- , then I have to spend considerable time filling it . Do n't buy this product .
 These things are hard to fill . I thought that they would be filled already . Make sure you have a plan for that .
 Comes with pre-set code , you can not change it to any 4 digit code you want - although you can try to change the combination for example the code 5392 can be changed to 9253 , 9325 etc but doing so you can easily break the inter-locking clip -LRB- due to its poor quality -RRB- and make the combination cable useless .
 Do n't trust this lock to protect your bike in a public place . The cable is thin enough to be cut with wire cutters , and the locking mechanism would n't withstand a single blow with a hammer .
 I went through a cable like just like this one -LRB- it was a Kryptonite , actually -RRB- with a hacksaw in less than 60 seconds . It really surprised me how easy is was to defeat .
 Only used it about 10 times and the cable detached from the lock.It is made so cheap that it falls apart already.Trashed , useless piece of junk .
 I 've had this lock for a while on various bikes in rural-ish Minnesota . I bought a new road bike and moved to Minneapolis . It was cut with wire cutters in broad daylight two weeks later . Upgrade and save your money and your bike !
 I would strongly advise against wasting money on this . While it is more convenient than a tradional lock in that you do n't need to carry around a key , its totally ineffective when it comes to safety . The thieves seem to open this without any problems . Out of 7 bikes in my basement , mine was the only stolen despite being tied to a metal pole -LRB- unless others that were locked to flimsy structures -RRB- thanks to this !! do n't waste your money on this .
 This was advertised as an `` Economy Ring Buoy '' . But I think they must have really meant to say , `` Cheap Ring Buoy '' . It arrived and looks very pretty , just like in the photo . BUT , it is super cheap and not at all worth the price . All quality lifesaver rings are heavier so you can throw them to a drowning person in an emergency . And they are usually coated with some sort of rubber or plastic boating.This ring is only light-weight un-coated styrofoam and already has some dents in it . And it is super light so you ca n't throw it any distance.For twice the price of this one , you can get a ring that is 10 times better and will actually save a life .
 I bought this product because it got decent reviews online , however I can only give it one star because it never worked ... how can I review the use of something that so clearly does n't function . I 'm extremely unhappy about the money I wasted on purchasing and shipping this item , and I would NOT recommend it to anyone .
 As noted by many others , out of the box , this pedometer is easy to set up and works well . It is accurate . I rated this only 1-star , because it stopped working after only 7 months of use . AND , because the 1 year warranty is not what it seems , due to hidden costs to use the warranty if the pedometer breaks.Omron warrants the pedometer for 1 year , and will repair or replace it if it breaks within the warranty period . Seems fair.BUT ... , it costs about $ 5 to ship a broken pedometer back to Omron.Omron charges $ 8 for return shipping after it repairs/replaces the pedometer.It is cheaper to buy another one for $ 15 . Good item for as long as it works ... which was not long enough in my case .
 ... do n't expect Omron to act respectably . Mine stopped counting steps after three weeks of use . To get a replacement , you must call for a return authorization and address -LRB- this info is not in the manual -RRB- , and then you learn that they demand $ 5 for ` shipping and handling ' this 1 ounce item , which is on top of your cost to return it . At least in my case they first try to induce you to buy a new battery , telling you that it only comes with a ` trial battery , ' although the manual again says no such thing and this web page says the battery should last a year . All in all , this company is sleazy , so you 'd better hope that your item does n't fail .
 After getting what seemed like really low or wrong step counts I found this on page 9 of the manual ... '' ... It does not display the step count for the first four seconds of walking . If you continue walking for more than four seconds , it displays the step count for the first four seconds and then continues to count . '' I 'm on my feet a lot all day but not always continuously walking . When I tracked what it was n't counting because of the four second feature , this pedometer was pretty much worthless for my situation . I bought it because of all the positive reviews . And it did function well for ease of set up , ease of use and tracking multiple days . For my preferences though it was a little bulky . I kept bumping it , then checking to make sure it was n't falling off or was n't level . Not being `` positioned horizontally with the ground '' is another way to miss steps . If you 're using a pedometer to track continuous walking this is probably a good one for you . If your lifestyle has a lot of starts and stops and you want an overall total of steps , you might do better with another brand . The packaging had to be destroyed to open the package , so I 'll give this one to a friend . I 'm going back to an Accusplit pedometer . That 's worked well for me in the past .
 I ordered 2 pedometers . One works fine , but the second one does not recognize the actual number of steps taken . As my husband and I wore the pedometers on a walk , the bad one recorded 1/10 the expected number of steps . When I called Omron to complain , I expected a replacement . Instead , she wanted me to mail it to their service department so they could evaulate it . $ 8.00 shipping each way . When I explained that would cost more than the pedometer , she suggested replacing the battery even though the serial number of the pedometer showed it to be only 6 months old . Tough luck !
 I LOVED this until the 4th day using it , it was really hot outside and i went on a long run . Ever since then there has been on-and-off condensation that builds up inside the screen ...
 Like the other reviews , mine has just stopped working . The clock is fine as is the battery . It just wo n't count steps . Mine worked for maybe 3 months . I loved the 7 day counter ... but I 'm back to my old cheap Sportline .
 Do not buy anything from this company as if you want to return an item you will essentially be RIPPED OFF!I ordered this pedometer to track how far I walk at work as a nurse . As I am rather busy as a working mom and wife , I did n't take the time to mircomangagely read each and every tiny fine print on this company 's site about returns.I finally opened this item and tore the little plastic tab that operates the battery for the first time . I set the clock and wore it to work . I gave it 3 days and decided it was n't accurate at least in my line of work as I am up and down and even have to run to emergencies on the job . I set it aside on my dresser and forgot about it.Then a while went by and I decided I 'd just return it as it was a waste of money in my opinion . At that time I simply took the one page black and white invoice and called the # 800 for this company to discuss returning it . `` Cliff '' in returns said it was past the 30 days , which it indeed was but I pointed out that their invoice did n't state that policy . In fact , there was basically very little info on the simple invoice . He asked me to hold and came back on and said to go ahead and return it then . I asked for his full name to reference in my correspondence and he indicated he was the only Cliff in the dept. Thus , I returned the item via the USPS.I waited several weeks for a credit to appear on Amazon . Nothing happened and I finally reset my password and got back on here and wrote the company via Amazon and they are now claiming the item did not have a battery in it when I returned it . Despite my adamant response -LRB- what happened to the customer is always right ? -RRB- that the battery WAS VERY MUCH THERE when I sealed it and mailed it in they are refusing to give me a refund . It 's their word against mine . Seriously though , why would I just keep a freaking battery?However , they still have my item and had NO PLANS WHATSOEVER to communicate their claim of the returned item not being intact . So I am left in limbo , and have been in my opinion , completely ripped off by this company.Their customer service is HORRID with some generic Jennifer responding to my complaints but yet not ever answering where my item is or what their plans were for letting me know that they claim they did n't get a battery back with it . I am honestly at fault for one mistake as I did not include the manual with my return as I could n't find it . Although , this being a simple paper product , I did n't think that would really give this company the right to rip me off of $ 16 . I have gone back and forth via email and am demanding my item back as they simply are not an ethical company.DO NOT BUY FROM HEALTHCHECK SYSTEMS !!! o
 This little pedometer seems to work fine if you are interested in taking a walk that is continuous . It only starts registering steps after you 've taken four . I work and it 's a couple of steps over here -LRB- does n't read them -RRB- 10 steps there -LRB- this it reads -RRB- and so on . I need to find one that registers more then steps only after you 've taken four . Sure if I walk around the floor but I want the small groups registered also ; so , I only gave it two stars because it 's not right for me .
 Big waste of money for me . I was so looking forward to getting it ... but guess what ???? either something wrong w the battery or the whole thing ...
 I bought this thing . I broke into many pieces within a week . All the screws fell out and the clip broke off . It was a waste of money .
 I ca n't find this pedometer in stores in my area and was glad to find it from Amazon . It 's very simple to set up and accurate . It came fully functioning in just a few days . I lost my first one and will order another from here if I loose it again !
 I purchased this unit based on the positive reviews it got . Sadly , the unit I received is defective , hence the one star.I was hoping to work the issue out with Omron Customer Service , but the representative was not familiar with the code on the screen
 My pedometer worked fine for two weeks , and then stopped . The clock works , I 've reset it , but for two days it did not reliably register steps . Now it does n't register at all.Omron will `` fix '' it for me , but the cost of shipping it to them and the return -LRB- they make you pay for it -RRB- is the same as the cost of a new unit.Reading the reviews it seems some people love their units , but that this failure is n't unique .
 I can see the other 7 reviewers are delighted with their unit but my HJ-150 was purchased Sept 14th , stopped working October 12th . The battery is OK because the clock function works , and I can reset the whole unit , it just does n't register any steps anymore.For a $ 12.50 purchase , I 'll drop them an email and see if they will replace the unit but I am not going to spend much time on the process . Hopefully Omrom will do the right thing and replace it .
 I purchased this model over a year ago and the first one stopped functioning after two or three months . I received a replacement from Omron -LRB- they wanted to collect a `` shipping and handling '' charge that was almost the the same as the price of a new one , but I refused to pay it -RRB- . The replacement worked for a few months , and then it stopped working too . The screen worked , the low battery indicator was not activated , but it just stopped counting steps.I like the concept of a pedometer and this model is simple and easy to use , with a clear display and easy scrolling of step counts for the past seven days , but if you want a product that will last , I suggest you avoid this model and perhaps avoid Omron entirely , as I expect most of their models use the same basic design .
 It is pretty new . It works for two days and then stops for a day and then starts working . It is pretty weird . I would not recommend anybody to buy it .
 Worked fine for about a year . . then deadsville . Consider before buying . New batteries do n't help
 I never got a chance to see how this would work because the first day it fell off and was run over by a car . It looked to be a decent product but the clasp was so cheap it fell right off while doing a slow jog .
 Wildly inaccurate and of questionable consistency . First test registered 20 paces as 33 . Next test registered 30 paces as 52 . There was no third test .
 I just received my Omron HJ-150 hip pedometer . Was very easy to set time and clip on the waist . I have been testing for accuracy this first day of wearing it . It has not counted correctly yet . I clipped this in 2 different places at my waist and still is not counting correctly . I see a picture showing the pedometer clipped to a pocket and if it has to be on a pocket , I will have to send this back as I wear dresses/skirts daily with no front pockets like jeans would have . At this time I am not certain that is the problem , but I 'm leaning towards that . I will test this all week and update my review if I find the problem or if it starts counting correctly .
 Thought this would be very easy to use with limited functions , but set the date and clipped it on and it did not record any steps . Disapointing as it was a Christmas gift
 Just had a cable lock similar to this one cut through , no problem . If you have an expensive bike , get a really good lock and use this as a backup
 I should have listened to the 2007 review ; I wmight have held onto my bikes a bit longer -LRB-
 I could not open the lock due to incorrect password belongs it . I did not try to return item due to big weight -LRB- and as following high shipping price -RRB- and shipping cost is non-refundable .
 This lock never left my bike frame and I always utilized it whenever I left my bike out alone . Came outside of work one day and bike and lock both were gone . I read some reviews that after time this lock would pull apart quite easily.Wish I had invested in a better lock , $ 500 bike stolen .
 My bike was stolen , when I used this lock , Do n't fall for the cheap price , invest in a better lock that cant be broken by a simple manual cutter .
 DO NOT trust a lock of this type ! The lock is easily broken by a thief . My Trek was stolen off my car while it was `` secured '' with this type lock . Crook never hesitated ! If you trust this lock and Bell 's level of `` security , '' you may end up shocked like I did . The metal rod that goes into the lock broke . It was n't cut ... just a good hard yank broke it . Be WARNED ! I do n't want anyone to have to go thru what I have been thru . FYI ... Bell does n't stand by any claim they make on `` security . ''
 was supposed to include a hook which i did not receive . much heavier than expected
 Huge . I mean ... LoL REALLY huge . Size would n't be an issue if it had the corresponding technology ; 1atm water-resistance on a near 1lb . watch ? Come on man ... You might look like a complete `` tard '' wearing this one anywhere other than in the closet on a moonless night . It 's a `` faux Russian '' relic . -LRB- not made in the U.S.S.R. by the way ... -RRB- If you 're looking for a unique paperweight or an over-the-top costume piece -LRB- attention you `` steam-punkers '' -RRB- this is it ... But , would n't be your 1st choice on a Saturday night . Or a Sunday afternoon ... But , if it is ... Then , you 've got bigger problems than wearing this watch .
 I ordered a pair of these yoga pants and loved them so much I ordered 3 more pairs identical to the ones I bought . The problem is when I tried on the three new pairs they were all different sizes . Two of them are smaller than the first and one is larger . Que Pasa ?
 I read that these run long but if you generally need tall sizes then these wo n't work for you . had to return them .
 These are sized very , very small . A medium is more like a small/junior . Should be specific in description of this product .
 Bought the blue in small and it fit . Then bought the brown in the same size , and it is nearly 2 inches shorter.This is too much of a variation .
 The fabric is a bit cheap . Order a size up ... these are tight . Fine for hanging at the house , but not for running errands or to the gym ...
 These pants were long enough for a 6 ft tall woman . They were sized as Medium . I will be returning them .
 I took the advice of other reviewers and ordered these in large instead of my usual medium . Definitely the right decision.But overall , I 'm not impressed with these pants . They 're comfortable but quite unflattering . I 'm a slender person with 2 to 3 extra pounds at the moment . These pants just seem to accentuate what I would otherwise like to hide ! They hug every contour of your pelvic area -LRB- and I do mean every contour if you get my drift -RRB- . I suppose if you just wanted a comfortable pair of pants to sleep in or wear around the house -LRB- to never be seen by others -RRB- , these will do the trick . But I would never go out in public wearing these unless I had a loooong shirt to wear over them ... and good luck finding underwear to wear with them .
 I 'm 5 ' 8 and weigh 130lbs . I ordered a small because that 's what usually fits best . These are very short on me . We used to call pants like this `` high waters '' . They are also very loose in the butt so they do n't give that `` tight '' and in-shape look that most workout pants give . They give the `` droopy-drawers '' look . Yuk . I 'm returning them . PS they are not at all like the picture .
 I wear a size W18 pant or Misses XL -LRB- Kohls -RRB- and the 2XL was much too small . I was hoping the 2XL would be a little loose , as that 's how I prefer yoga pants , but I could barely get them on :-LRB- Good quality , but they had to go back : -LRB-
 The fabric was very thin and &#34; wimpy , &#34; and they were much too short for my 5 ' 9 &#34; frame . The color was also kind of muddy-looking to me .
 The waist of these yoga pants is so small I could not get them on . No stretch to it . I held these up to other yoga pants of the same size in my closet and the waist was several inches smaller . The material was not soft and comfortable for what I would expect and want in a yoga pant .
 These are not the best product on the market . Spend a little more and get one with a better waistband and one that is actually true to size .
 I do n't get how reviewers are giving this 5 stars ?! tks alot totally tricked me into buying a pair . ordered a small but the material is too thin or something because it gives you . . umm how do I say . . a very unflattering view between your legs ! haha anyway havent worn these in public once but it was n't worth retunring because of the restocking/shipping fee . ugh . waste of money , dont buy . thats what i get for trying to buy cheap yoga pants . . stick to lululemon !!!
 I bought these pants in anticipation of giving birth in the next week , thinking I needed some comfortable pants to lounge in afterwards . I usually wear an extra large , so because I knew I needed room I bought a 2XLarge . These things did not fit !! I could barely get them over my butt ! And they fit VERY snug in the thighs . I know I 'm 10 months pregnant , but even my maternity clothes are not a 2XL . Thee things should have fit ! They are not true to size , and will NEVER purchase from them again .
 We had some shipping issues with this product -LRB- as we did with about 6 others -RRB- . This one was delayed , but eventually did find my recipient and she loves them . Thank you .
 Cheap , thin , flimsy fabric akin to tissue paper . Sub-standard garbage from China -LRB- oxymoron ? -RRB- cranked out en masse by its automatons for unsuspecting U.S. consumers . Bella means beautiful in Italian . Given the lack of quality of these pants , a more truthful brand name would be Brutto -LRB- ugly -RRB- .
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO RECEIVED MY PANTS TODAY . THAT TURNED SOUR REALLY FAST . THE PANT WAS BALLED UP IN A BAG THAT WAS N'T SEALED AND EXTREMELY WRINKLE , I WAS REALLY SCARED TO TRY THEM ON , ESPECIALLY WHEN I NOTICES THAT THE RETURN SECTION ON THE PACKING SLIP WAS MISSING . I 'M NOT GOING TO SEND THE PANTS BACK BECAUSE I WOULD REALLY HATE FOR THEM TO RESEND IT TO ANOTHER CUSTOMERS . TRIFLING - IF I COULD GIVE THEM A HALF OF A STAR I WOULD .
 These seem reasonably well made , but they are SO SMALL . I ordered a XX , which I expect to run about size 18-20 . These pants might be a largish 14 .
 Maybe I just bought the wrong size but i am typically a small and these things are quite tight and quite long . I am 5 ' 4 '' and weigh 125 pounds . I wear a size 6ish . These pants probably look great on skinny tall people - but then what does n't ? : - -RRB-
 Pants were not the brand I had ordered -LRB- Everlast -RRB- even thought they looked the same . Pants were marked Large as requested ; but they were very small . I do yoga , have many pairs of pants and know the correct fit for yoga pants .
 The fabric on these is a really tight knit ... with little `` give '' . They were WAY too small . I was so looking forward to wearingthem and I am greatly disappointed .
 I like the material and design of these pants . Unfortunately , they are way too small . I ordered my size , according to the size chart , but they arrived and as soon as I pulled them out of the package I just folded them up and put them back in the bag . I know for a fact , they would n't even go over my hips . I ordered a 2X , they look like a large -LRB- at most -RRB- .
 Just got these pants in the mail . I ordered a size up as I was looking for a loose fit . upon trying them on , I realized that instead of having a wide elastic band , it is instead very narrow and fits very snug , even though I sized up . I plan on returning these as the fit is uncomfortable . If I would re-order these , I would size up yet another size .
 Decent pant , but way too small . . I 'm a small / medium but the medium was way too small . . Had to send them back !
 Backside cut way too low for women over 25 and look bad . Kept pulling shirt down , just uncomfortable wondering what is showing .
 I am 5 ' 9 &#34; but has an inseem of 35 in . I only bought 1 pair to see if they fit but was sad to know that they were to short . It was a reasonable price so instead of returning them I gave them to a friend who could enjoy them .
 I rated this pants low because the fabric was very thin.Size not that of other brands.Length good.Arrived on time .
 pants run small ordered a medium ware a 6 didnt fit didnt realize there was a restock fee buyer beware
 I ordered an XL size because from reading reviews on the pants they run small and not true to sizes . The reviews were right on point ! The XL were more like a med/large . They are pretty pants made from great material .
 L is not Large - it was Medium.They fit , snugly , but would n't have survived the first wash.I returned this item .
 I found these pants while I was looking to buy a secondary pair of yoga pants from a brand that I already own . These were suggested by Amazon and I was drawn to the fact that these had a long inseam . I prefer yoga / athletic pants to be long.So , I ordered these in black and I was disappointed . The top band of these are WAY too tight . They are high waisted and sit at the top of your natural waist , which I do not care for , and then , the top band is very constricting . Many brands of yoga pants have a band that you can fold down - these also do not fold . These are very uncomfortable to wear . I am a medium in most clothes - sometimes a small depending on the brand . The medium fits fine everywhere but at the top of the waistband . I do like that length , but thats about it . I wish I had just ordered what I had intended to .
 Yoga pants were long and tighter than most . I usually wear a small , but heeding the warnings , I bought a medium , and was still plenty tight . And plenty long too . They 're also thinner fabric than I like
 First off , I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and 150 lbs , and have 90 % of the time wore mediums in these types of pants . Well I purchased these based on reviews posted here . The material is heavier than most , but do n't buy the pink , you can still see through them . It appears to me , that the small should be Xtra small , medium should be small and maybe large should be medium , my mediums make me feel like I 'm wearing Spanx . I like a snug fitting pant , but not the kind that makes you have winkles on the back of your legs , under your butt . I also read a couple women , at my height said they were too short , unless they are wearing them with heels or the quality control is horrible I found mine dragging the floor . I am about 20 to 25lbs overweight , but in good shape and solid and as I said I 've ususually wear a medium . I purchased these at Amazon , did ' t return them , just gave them to a smaller girl.If you like a heavier workout pant , look at The Girls by Axiom , they do run short right now for some reason , that is why I tried these . My `` The Girls '' with flare or straight leg is now runing at 30.5 '' inseam . They use to run longer .
 I own 3 pairs of Bella yoga pants . All the same style . Not one pair fits the same.I have an Xl that fits fine , a XXL that is so tight they are smaller than the xl , and an XXL that is so big they roll down the waist when I walk.I personally feel they are tagged wrong . If I hold all 3 pair up to each other , you can clearly see they are not cut the same , the one xxl is much smaller than the xl.Great pants , but your taking a chance on the size.For reference I 'm 5 ' 7 and wear a 14/16 .
 LOVE the first pair I ordered -LRB- label had ` Made in Vietnam ' -RRB- . Second order was unwearable -LRB- same label , but had ` Made in India ' -RRB- , and was ordered only 2 weeks after my first order ! Returned second order - way too tight at the waist and way too flared at the hem . Unwearable .
 Reading the reviews I was certain a size medium would still fit me , after all , that 's the size of yoga pants that always has worked for me . I was wrong !! These run small , by one size , so seriously consider buying a large if usually a medium works for you . Do n't make the mistake I did thinking the sizing was normal , and then receive the product , try them on , just to be extremely disappointed . I then tried to contact the company for another issue and they were extremely rude and unprofessional . I will not be giving this company any more of my business because of this . I will put my money into a company who has the know how to treat their customers with respect!I am now adding to this review I did a few weeks ago . I returned the item to the company . I was n't paying attention and did n't realize there was some dog hair on them so they returned the item back to me and will not be issuing a refund . They accused me of being a dirty person and the manager of the company said he was so disgusted when opening the package he wanted to get the item away from him and wash his hands as soon as possible . Seriously ?? A little bit of dog hair on the pants and you freak out and accuse me of being a dirty person ? I will never under any circumstances give this company another dime and I hope none of you decide to either . If a company does n't have ethics enough to not accuse their customers of being dirty , which by no means am I , I will not give them my business . I was treated with disrespect , I was accused of things I am not , and I was made to feel that I did n't matter to a company I was purchasing from and frankly we work too hard for our money to let it be wasted on a company like this . Please take this review under consideration when thinking of purchasing from this company and go elsewhere !!!! It will save you money , trouble , anger and harsh judgement from someone who knows not what they are speaking of !
 I 've owned 2 different Rolex watches -LRB- both were the Explorer II model in all stainless steel -RRB- . While they looked great , both lost about 5 minutes per month . Before quartz , Rolex used to brag about how accurate their watches were . And , that was true at the time . But , now that quartz watches have set the standard for accuracy , Rolex no longer makes any public claims about the accuracy of their watches . While a Rolex is a true product of craftsmanship -LRB- it takes over a year to create each watch -RRB- , if you want accuracy , then you 'll have to go with a quartz watch.Rolex Oyster Perpetual Day-Date 18kt Yellow Gold Diamond Mens Watch 118348
 Rolex watches are way over rated . Being mechanical self winding watches my two lose around 30 seconds per day . My son 's Seiko varies about 1or 2 seconds per month with the WWV time signal
 Pump works OK with presta valve which is the only reason this pump is getting more than one star . Shrader connection wo n't work to save my life .
 Pretty much what I have to say has already been said . It worked well when I first got it , but pretty quickly the pressure gauge stopped working . And it does n't work at all with Schrader valves anymore .
 Never arrived , vendor never responded to emails either , phone just rings and rings.What else is there to say ? I asked Amazon for a refund.Vendor in this case was GEARLINK .
 I had an unfortunate experience with this pump . I thought it was going to be very sturdy at first , but suddenly it would not hold pressure above 120 psi even with me holding the head of it to the valve . This forced me to work the pump a lot to get up to a reasonable pressure . After about five or six uses , the attachment of the tube to the base cracked and would n't hold any air . I was so mad at the thing for $ 40 bucks , that I broke it in two and threw it in the garbage . I guess I ca n't expect a refund . If you are attempting to pump your tires to over 100 psi , this one does n't work for long . I am not sure how long it works for less than this , but it the base seems to have fatigue problems also .
 This was the first floor pump I bought and thought it was going to be great . I was so happy with every other Park Tools product that I figured this would be on the same level ; not the case.The gauge was the first thing to go . It got knocked over a few times and was stuck on 25lbs . Then after a few months it was on 60lbs ! I got tired of it so I bought a better model ... or , more expensive model I suppose .
 I have had this pump for less than a year , and it has already stopped delivering air above a certain pressure . Also , the head no longer even attaches to the nozzle . The pump is pretty much worthless . It is now in the garbage can.In other words , get a different pump .
 I 've had this pump a few years and use it infrequently . Stored gently . Never knocked down . Looks brand new . But now it leaks somewhere - impossible to tell without immersing it - around the joint where tube rotates . I conclude poor design and cheap materials .
 Works great for presta , when you put it on sharder valve NO air . junk . . Park u should be ashamed to sell this crap
 Like many that have posted here , I bought this pump bc it carried the Park Tool name . I am very disappointed with this pump and think Park needs to revamp it 's design.Initially it worked fine , but after about a month , air started leaking all over the various connection points of the pump.For MTB use this pump works fine , but I run 110psi on my road tires and after 85psi air stars going everywhere and it makes it incredibly hard to get to 110psi . Do yourself a favor and spend an extra $ 10 and get a more durable pump .
 I always can pump my tires just fine on other pumps , but I ca n't tell you how much time I 've spent trying to get this particular pump to properly lock onto my presta valves . Pump , leak , pump , leak , groan , detach , reattach , lather , rinse , repeat.Ready for a new pump .
 This bike pump is awful . I was pumping my tire when I heard a pop . The bottom tube literally POPPED out at less than 80 pressure ! That should n't have happened . Guess I should n't be surprised when the majority of the parts are connected by plastic screw on pieces . I screwed everything back into place and attempted to pump my tires again , but this time the pressure pushed the handles beyond it 's normal range and it nearly smacked my face . Pretty dangerous if you ask me . The pressure gauge also stopped working . I got so upset and fed-up trying to fix this thing , I tossed it ... Park Tool ... thanks for ruining what could have been a great bike trip for me . If only I could get my money back ...
 Do yourself a great favor and do not buy this pump . It has been nothing but trouble from the very start . Hard to remove from valves , poor high pressure performance , troublesome connections and on and on . Save yourself the headaches , look elsewhere .
 The gauge on this pump has never worked once . I fill my tires to 120 psi , but the gauge always reads between 40-60 psi . I 've been forced to fill my tires based on feel , not knowing how much air is actually in my tires . I thought the gauge might just be broken , so I returned it to the bike shop and they gave me a replacement . But the gauge on the 2nd bike pump has never worked either . It seems that the gauge is not rated for high pressures . I would not waste your money on this pump . I plan to spend some extra money on a good floor pump .
 The clock is very nice and works well but it came with issues at the door of the birth and with the mechanism so I had to go with a technician to fix that costed me around US$ 50 ... Not good !!!! ... After that the clock works very well ... I had to comment that this kind of clocks are not precise that is normalThe cost and time to return it to USA as warranty dot make sense so I decided to fix it here in Mexico
 As a beginning guitarist , i love these picks . A friend gave one of these picks to me and I loved playing with them . When I lost the pick i looked to Amazon to buy the same ones . WARNING
 I am a relatively new guitar player as I 've only been playing a few months . I have found that I really like the feel of the thinner picks , they do n't seem to have the sharp `` chingy-chingy '' sound of the thicker picks for playing rhythm . The thinnest I had tried up until this point was a .46 mm but I wanted to give these a shot just to see if I might like these picks that were even thinner.Well I got them today and I can already tell that I wo n't be playing with them . My guitar that has always had really nice , rich , mellow sound suddenly sounds tinny and cheap , like it was one of those children 's guitars you can buy for $ 35 at Wal-Mart . I switch back to my other , thicker , celluloid picks and the beautiful rich tone is back . I am unsure at this point whether it is just the paper thin measure of the picks or the different material that makes it sound so terrible.Maybe someone with a bit more experience that knows what they are getting into would be happier with these.Very unhappy with this product and will be sending it back for a refund.On another , better note , the package was shipped and arrived on the exact day they estimated , the packaging was good . Happy with the experience of the purchase , just not the product itself . That 's why I gave 2 stars instead of one , just because Amazon made the experience a pleasant one .
 If there was ever a product that I could say was junk it would be this . I have about $ 2000 dollars worth of bikes that I put on my car with this rack . After the 5 mile drive I got out of the car to realize that with every bump we hit the straps loosened a little more . By the time we got there the straps holding on to the bottom of the trunk were comletely out flapping in the breeze . I had to stop once on the way home to tighten the straps again . Needless to say if you have a bike that means anything to you I would n't trust this bike rack . Maybe it would be better for just one bike or perhaps childrens bikes but other than that ... USE AT YOU 'RE OWN RISK !!! I 'll be sending mine back and going for something more reliable .
 rubber bike hold snapped apart on my first try to install - I tightened the velco and the piece snapped apart !!!
 I was taking my bike back to school with me and the bike rack came unlatched and my bike was flying behind the car only attached to the trunk on one side . the rack is n't as secure as I would have liked but it definitely works for short drives , not necessarily the interstate .
 It 's easy to install , and compact . But , its too small for two bikes . Also , the bar holders and velcro strips do n't fit small frame bikes . For two bikes , this rack is to small . The bike support bars are to short for two bikes . If the bars were 10 inches longer , it would be fine . I have to much invested in my bikes to let them bang together on the road , and also into my car as well . It works great for one bike , but not for two .
 Considering this rack only cost just over $ 30 , I guess I ca n't complain . It works great for one adult bike , but does n't fit two safely . I was able to fit my mountian bike and my child 's bike on together . Keeping the rack attached all the time is nice feature , I like the way it fits on my trunk .
 I could not get the bike rack to stay put ! It was not sturdy on my car at all . I 'm not sure if it was just a defective unit or if thats how the whole lot is ! I have just shipped it back and am waiting for a refund !
 Someone gave me this rack . It did not fit their SUV and they figured I could use it for my road bike , a vintage Cinelli . I strapped it to my Toyota Camry and put my bike on it . Not only did the straps immediately loosen , but the bike flopped around on the rack with the pedals crashing into the trunk . The plastic strap piece that is supposed to secure the top tube of the bike to the rack easily comes loose . The overall design of the rack is very poor . I realize this is a very economically priced bike rack , but it is not worth the risk of having your bike fly off on the highway . I 'd suggest going to a good bike shop and buying their entry level Yakima or Thule rack . For a few more bucks it would be well worth it .
 I bought this rack because it was a lot cheaper than the others . Now I know why . Using it for one bike is fine but when I tried to put the second bike is where the problems started . My bikes got damaged because I was trying so hard to make this pos work . I have been cycling and mtb for 12 years . I usually would use my hitch rack but due to gas prices I wanted to use my car instead of my suv . I am so dissapointed in this rack the scratches on my bike 's forks are a reminder of this horrible bike rack . Fortunately it was my hardtail mountain bikes so the scratches just blend in with the other scratches . It 's just sad to me that the damage came from a bike rack instead of the trail . Maybe it was n't built for mountain bikes even thought on the instructions it states it will fit your bike guaranteed . I returned this rack and got a Yakima brand and of course the Yakima works great .
 I thought this would be a great bike rack based on the other customer reviews but boy was I wrong !! This is NOT an intuitive installation and the directions that come with it are terrible . It seriously gouged my trunk , there is no way a quality rack should do that kind of damage . I am extremely disappointed with this product and wish I would have just spent more money for a better quality rack . Now I 'm going to have to pay that money anyway to fix my paint job !!! DO NOT BUY THIS BIKE RACK !!!
 On my second day using this , one of the straps broke completely in half and I still had to get my bike home . My bike is n't even heavy . Luckily I had some bungee cords on me , but I had to avoid all highways and drove so slow for fear that my bike would fall off . I will be returning this today and getting a better quality rack .
 I spent 30 minutes in the parking lot trying to figure out how to get this rack just right ; It never happened ... The directions tell you to push in the red buttons and adjust the rack . The problem is that there is no locking mechanism to keep the rack upright . I wound up scratching up my trunk while the bikes dangled there . The design does n't make sense . By the way I work as a mechanical engineer , and this one puzzled me as to what I was doing wrong . I would buy a different one with a more secure design .
 The rack did n't fit my bicycle , which suprised me because i have a pretty standard trail riding bike . The arms were too far apart to fit inside the frame , and there was no way to adjust it . I did n't even try to see if it would fit on my car once i saw that it would n't hold my bike .
 I bought this rack 2 years ago and it is pretty much dead and I 'm just a casual rider.Pros : cheapCons : wo n't last longbike moves a lot when riding on interstatenot suitable for long distance tripsflimsy loop to hold bike in placebike holder loops break easilyrack will rust if you leave it on during rainca n't really get 2 bikes on securelyyour trunk will get scratched and dinged up
 Just bought this today at a walmart , for cheaper , and the rack would not even hold both of our bikes . I actually had to ride mine home . If you want to waste your money on this , you can find it cheaper .
 After dropping almost $ 50 for the rack , the first time I tried to mount my bike on it the rubber rings which hold the velcro loops in place simply broke when I tried to tighten it . The velcro loops themselves were too long and only about an inch of the available 3 inches of velcro could be used after tightening . Additionally , even though the mounting straps were secure when I started my 20 mile trip to my new house , they came loose after 5 miles and the bike itself began to jump after everytime I hit a bump . I could n't go over 50 mph or the lower half of the bike would catch some wind and hit the back of the rack further loosening it . Some may say that you get what you pay for , but I surely think that even a cheap item should be able to perform the first time you pull it out of the box . A couple rods with pads on them and some bungees would be a better investment . Not worth it .
 I ordered this item from amazon for a trip i was planning but it did not come in time before i was leaving , i was able to get the same exact one through Walmart on time same price . i was using this for a 550 mile trip to San Diego and back so it was 1100 miles round trip . every 150 miles i kept having to pull over because the tie downs would come lose and from the very get go I HAD tied knots in the tie downs so they would flap around and loosen but they still did . By the time i got to San diego the driver side support bar was showing signs of bending , but it made it to san diego and at that time thats all i was worried about . On the way back from the San Diego trip about 200 miles from home both support bars bent in , and the big round plastic elbows you see on each side of this thing , were laying on my hood and took out a `` dime '' size chip of paint out of my new 2010 , 4 month old VW Jetta . i put towels under the plastic and made it home barely . DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK .
 The product is good , just dont use it on a Scion TC Hatchback . On this car , the roof is all glass . It has a moon roof and sun roof . Well I hooked up this bike rack and when I opened my hatchback , the hinges shattered my moon-roof causing almost $ 2000 in damages . I have used bike racks like this one before and they work great , just dont use them on Scion TC 's . Needless to say , I was pissed !
 That this rack might not work on a car with a rear spoiler . I 'm going out to try again today , but when I tried yesterday frustration was the name of the game . I will update this review if I have different results .
 It 's a nice rack , easy to install , and fits securely , but if you have a 49 cm or smaller road bike the support arms too wide to support the bike by the top tube . One arm will fit on the top tube and the other is wide enough for the seat stay . I am not willing to put a Roubaix on it if it does n't fit properly .
 Many of the reviews seem quite positive so maybe the rack I received was defective , or maybe it 's just me ... but , the rack was not at all durable or sturdy . One of the plastic tips was cracked upon receipt , but I kept it since it did n't seem to impact the function of the rack . Putting the first bike on was fine and it seemed like it would carry it well . However , after putting the second bike -LRB- both are cruisers -RRB- on , the rack started to slip no matter how tightly it was strapped onto the trunk . Also , the `` gears '' for adjusting the placement of the rack were very loose and with the weight of the bikes , they would not stay in place . Perhaps this was a malfunction on the particular rack I received . Nevertheless , I decided to return it , but the problem was that I was not even able to return it because I had n't used it for a while after receiving it , and by the time I unpacked it and decided I would return it/replace it , about 2 or 3 months had passed , surpassing the 30 day return limit . Also the cost to return would not have been worth it since it did n't cost too much to purchase , so in the end , it ended up in the dumpster . I purchased another one from a bike shop at a little higher cost and it is working just fine .
 I was happy with this bike rack for about a week or daily usage . I drive to a parking lot , pull my bike off the rack , and ride the bus closer to work every day.This rack is fine for using occasionally , every week or so , but daily use wears it down quickly , and the comprises made for lower cost are no longer worth it.Many people complain about the rubber bike holders sliding down the rail , letting the bike hit the car . This gets worse and worse with time . At this point , the holders slide freely up and down the rail , making it difficult to get the bike on them quickly.The velcro straps make taking the bike off and on the rack slow . Having to stick the velcro through the hole and pull it back around may not seem like much , but doing it often really makes you envious of the rubber strapped bike racks.It ; s not a terrible product . But if you 're using the rack daily , I 'd suggest putting down a little more money to get something more durable .
 I have a 2002 Nissan Altima and this rack would not fit over the spoiler . The product desciption does not mention there may be a fit problem on cars with spoilers . Buyer beware !
 It fit a man 's bike , but my smaller women 's bike did not fit on the non adjustable poles . It was a real struggle to secure my bike , and for safety , we finally gave up and sent it back . I noticed I was the second person to return the same rack . Spend more and get something better , that 's what I have to do now !
 Honestly , I should have waited a little and saved money to buy a better rack . This one will do the job but you will be looking at your rearview mirror all time 'cause I did not feel it was sturdy enough.Also , I felt it was about to break when I tried to load the second bike . I am not convinced I 'd recommend it .
 I have a 1987 Ford Crown Victoria and after two hours of trying to install this rack I am about ready to box it up and return it.The problem is that after I mount it and put any amount of pressure on the bicycle support arms they move downward before contacting the straps . This does not seem correct and I am not about to place a $ 500.00 bike on this carrier unless I can figure out what the problem is . If anyone has any suggestions e-mail me at flags6262@aol.comThanks
 I should have read the reviewer who said shred the instruction book . I made the mistake of trying to follow the instructions . The book contains drawings of an item with a different number of straps so I was confused at best . I tried to attach it in what seemed an intuitive way . I thought things were fine , put two bikes on it and started on a trip . I was fine the first mile then got on the highway . I fortunately was not far from the next exit because by the time I got off the highway a half mile later The rack was in a very different position . I fortunately can get the bikes in the back of my SUV and had to put everything inside to get it home.I am reasonably literate , I have a PhD so you would think I could attach a bike rack . It suggests to me that the thing was not well designed .
 I can not believe how many positive responses there are for this product . Now i got this as a gift and at first look it seems like a well built easy to use bike rack but there is one key problem , there is no way to lock down the arm that supports the bikes . You are suppose to push in the red buttons and move it into place but once you do there is this really weak locking system that is suppose to keep it in place . It did not look very safe to me so before i even though of putting my bike on it i applied a little downward pressure on the arms and it just popped out of place . Now it may hold for a little while but once you hit an average bump in the road ou end up scratching your car and dragging your bikes on the road behind you . Now maybe i am missing something but i refuse to even take a chance and try it out .
 Pro
 I really wish I would have just paid an extra $ 20 or $ 30 and gotten something better . This is a tight fit for 2 bikes , unless you want them right up against your car scratching your paint off . The directions were OK -LRB- the bars are almost all the same size - they should have labeled them with a number to refer to them when learning to set this up easier -RRB- . Even when I have the straps pulled really tight , my bike still bounces around quite a bit , but it has n't come too loose while driving yet . The plastic coating the hooks came off on one of them after the FIRST use -LRB- I only drove 75 miles ! -RRB- , and ended up scratching my trunk up A LOT.I 'm definately returning this and getting a better quality bike rack . Think about it - if you spend hundreds of dollars on a bike , why skimp on a rack that is the only thing seperating your bike from being destroyed from hitting the pavement going 60 mph ? Just save the hassle and disappointment and get a better quality rack .
 We used this for several years . One time , the location of the rack kept the tire so close to the exhaust that it melted a bike tire.The last time it left a decently unattractive dent on the back of the van . Because hauling bikes is something we do regularly , and sometimes on long distances of 8 hours or more , this rack was somewhere between barely sufficient to precarious to a downright pain.If you want to haul bikes , we are finding out that it is worth it to just spend the money once and deal with it.Overall , I have been pretty disgusted with the unenduring quality of Bell products despite the fact that they look like they will work fine when they are purchased.Our findings are leading us to get a hitch and bar to carry bikes .
 This bike rack is very clumsy and kind of a pain to use but my biggest complain is that it damaged my car 's paint . Would NOT recommend !
 Constantly comes completely separate from the trunk , sometimes it 's just the bottom and then your bike flies up and hits your windshield . I 've gone to 2 bike shops and one rack shop and they all tried to get it to stay . It is a piece of junk it would be much more worth it to shell out the extra dough and save on the damage to your bike and your trunk/car .
 One of the plastic pieces on the straps broke the first time we used this , making the whole setup much less secure . We 've tried to find another way to make this work for us , but it just is n't . I would like to return it , but we 'd have to pay for return shipping and on top of that , we 'd only get a partial refund . We are very disappointed .
 I received this rack from Amazon for a trip we were going to take this Summer . I will get to the point ... this rack is aweful . It broke within the first hour of using it . The rubber straps that lock down your bike are very thin and snapped right in half . I returned it to Amazon and received a replacement . The same exact thing happened on the replacement on the first day I used it . Total junk and do not buy .
 Purchased this from Wal-Mart to accompany my first road bike . The strap holder broke the first time I used the rack . Returned immediately . Spend a few extra bucks and get a holder that is a little bit better quality , In my opinon .
 This is a decent rack for the price . I used the rack on my 98 Toyota Camry and the rack scratched my spoiler . To avoid your paint from getting scratched , use two pieces of cardboard or some old rags and place them underneath both sides of the rack where it contacts your trunk . Would recommend only use for road bikes as they are lighter than mountain bikes . Drive careful on the freeway .
 Unfortunately , the DVD that is part of the yoga ball/band kit does not work . I believe it is defective in that the middle part -LRB- where the hole is to fit onto the DVD player -RRB- is too small and therefore the DVD must be forced in . I have tried it on three DVD players and could not get it to work on any of them . I also tried other DVDs , just to be sure it was n't the players .
 This ball is inferior to other products of the same size . The material is weaker and therefore if you are a bit heavier than average the ball does not maintain it 's shape . That is to say taht you can not do situps as it becomes too `` flat '' . I tried inflating it more until I could not inflate it any moer and it still flattens out when you sit on it . I previously purchased a 95cm ball by Physioball -LRB- like the one I had been using in Physical Therapy -RRB- and it did not flatten when sat upon . I had no problem with the ball -LRB- until the cat puntured it -RRB- . I do NOT recomend this ball if you are overweight . Look for one which is a bit pricier as they seem to be made of a better -LRB- thicker perhaps -RRB- material . If I had the paper work I would return this ball !!
 It is a well designed backpack , I think ... But the photo is very deceptive . It is huge -LRB- looks so cute on the photo ... also it does n't really give you the dimension , what 's up with that ? -RRB- and the color is really off green -LRB- not refreshing at all -RRB- and the worst of all , the fabric has metallic shine -LRB- that I do n't like , seriously ... -RRB- that is not shown on the photo at all . I think it 's a good product but totally not what I have expected from the image . It 's a poor advertisement that makes me mad not the product itself .
 The first time we placed 3 bikes on it , the locking mechanism broke , since that we have had contstant problems , we ca n't put 3 bikes now , the max . is two and you have to be checking that the rack is in place .
 I trialled and retrialled this device using the instructions and several engineer friends . The main joint did not lock securely so that when the bike mounted , it collapsed , allowing the bikes to fall . Also , even if you use the cables to lock the bikes into the rack , it 's easy to simply snip the cloth stays and take the whole thing right off the trunk , bikes , cables and all . The only way to make this theft proof is to purchase an additional cable to secure to the bottom of the car .
 I live in a major summer vacation area and was extermely excited when I noticed these convienient bike carriers everywhere last year . I asked a woman where she found hers and she said that she loved it for transporting her one bicycle around the area . This Christmas I added this to my list thinking it would be great to take our three children riding more often . I followed the instructions implicitly and was not at all put off by the difficulty I had getting the bikes fitted and tightly secured . Come on - I was n't expecting cheap , convient , and easy to all come together perfectly , but I was extremely infuriated when the day after our first trip , my husband noticed a 4 inch pressure dent in the rear of our vehicle . I will be contacting BELL when they open on Monday .
 If you plan on carrying 3 bikes on this bike rack , DO NOT get it . I had three light-weight roadbikes on this rack while driving up to school . While I was driving on the freeway , the horizontal bar that holds the bikes actually fell so that it was angled down . If I had not locked the bikes together to the bike rack , they would have slid off and hit the car behind me , which I 'm sure would have caused an accident . When it fell , it actually made two big dents on my trunk and one of the bike pedals scratched up my bumper . I was extremely happy with this bike rack until this incident . I am in the process of finding a new , sturdy bike rack -LRB- not from Bell -RRB- .
 Mounts to the car fine . Did not cause any dents as other reviews have noted ; however , if you plan to carry three bikes I would not buy this carrier . If you have heavy mtn bikes -LRB- over 40lbs -RRB- you can carry only two bikes.Works fine for everyday small bikes.Bonus cable is very useful .
 I just upgraded to this after having to return the 2-bike rack due to the fact that with an infant seat on one of my bikes it was almost impossible to fit two bikes . On the second outing with this 3 bike rack , the locking mechanism that holds the rack vertical broke . Luckily , I had attached another strap around both bikes to the main frame , keeping them from hitting the highway . Needless to say , I will be returning this and looking for a better built rack . If you get this rack , ALWAYS use another strap so you wo n't have to rely on the velcro straps alone should something happen to the rack while in transit .
 Might be nice if the mount was put together right ... had to go to a bike store to find out what was wrong with it ... we 'll see if it works after I get it back together ... very unhappy
 Both my friend and I bought the rack and was planning on hauling 6 bikes about 200 miles . When we got to our destination , we noticed that there were several major dents on both our cars . This rack will get you to the place you want , but will also leave noticeable dents in your car .
 I bought this rack because it did n't require a hitch but it was somewhat unstable - I had to keep stopping to re-tighten the bikes.I stopped using the carrier completely when one of the plastic braces broke in transit causing bike to get dragged behind the car until I could pull over.This is probably only good for hauling children 's bikes .
 After just a few uses , the string became disconnected from the front area and vanished into the shorts , making them completely useless . Poor design that will cost you time and money .
 The shorts are comfortable , but when I work out , I want a tight fit . The second time I ever tried to tie the drawstring , it broke from the seams . I was n't using an overt amount of strength to tie them together , yet it popped apart like it was made to do it . I guess I get what I pay for , nothing more , nothing less .
 When product arrived I was surprised . I expected the leg length of the shorts to be 2 inches longer . Otherwise everything is okay and I 'm not saying that I wo n't purchase again , but I will be more careful when I order
 These shorts are cheap and so am I so i bought them . They are n't great . Spend the extra and get something decent unless you are just buying them for around the house
 I needed a pair of workout shorts with pockets , found these on Amazon , bought 3 pairs , and have no regrets . They breathe well are just the right length -LRB- right above the knee -RRB- . Really an all around nice pair of shorts at a decent price.EDIT : After using these shorts for a few months one terrible thing I realized is that they hold smell tremendously !! I am not the kind of person that sweats and/or stinks a lot after a workout but the shorts have collected a stench that is just awful and washing does not remove the smell . If I used an athletic detergent I 'm sure I could get the smell removed but that really should n't be a must for shorts . I would highly recommend finding something with a different material .
 material rides up when you set down and then again when you stand up . you have to pull bothlegs down and back in place.if you put anything in the pockets the pockets fall out of the leg . pocket is make from meshand dont hang good.sorry i like shorts with pockets , but these should have been tried out before they were puton sale .
 These are cheap shorts so I do n't know how much I ought to have expected , but the pockets hang almost lower than the shorts and it 's really uncomfortable to walk around in them with anything in the pockets bouncing against my legs . Would not recommend .
 cheap feeling shorts with drawstrings that break very easily.the shorts are also very loose , so order a size smaller than you normally would
 The leg openings at the bottom feel like there is a plastic tube cutting circulation while you move ; like a feeling of resistance . Ever have your arm wrapped with the little string when you are about to get a vaccine shot or an IV ? It feels sort of like that.I am a thin guy , I wear slim cut jeans -LRB- 32x32 -RRB- and I bought Medium -LRB- 32-34 waist -RRB- . Maybe a Large would be better but as you can see , all the other reviewers claimed they are `` loose '' . Other than that , the material feels cheap and these shorts remind me of hand-me-down basketball shorts I used to get in grade school 15 years ago .
 I ordered 3 pairs of these shorts for my boyfriend , who is 6 ' 4 '' , because the item was described as `` long '' . We were both highly disappointed in the quality of the shorts and the length . The material is VERY thin and the length was shorter than average .
 The shorts are comfortable with one loop draw string in the front - not the dual shoe lace kind.They breathe well and fit on the waist or just below very easilythe elastic is cheap and feels so at first use.The length allows them to ride up about 4-5 inches above the knee making them just a tad longerthen the scary old man shorts you see at the gym . when working out.all in all decent but for the money may be better to hit a big box or discount store and find a betterpair .
 These are nice shorts that are lightweight and comfortable to wear but be sure to have somethng to ware under them .
 These are see through ! You will have to wear something under neath of them to go outside in them . Which I did n't see in the description .
 I made the mistake of buying a pair of white shorts , the material is super thin and that means its very much see thru.It is comfortable but I would buy a darker colour and not this -- I got the pair yesterday and I am contemplating returning it or keeping it for wear inside the house.The shorts will not serve my intended purpose of wearing it to the gym -- maybe I will try it with a compression shorts.Better mesh shorts are sold by UA , I own a white one that I wanted to replace with this but that was miles ahead of this one .
 They have one of the loop style drawstrings which are a huge pain to tighten . I have many other brands of shorts like these -LRB- all same size -RRB- and these also run considerably larger than the other brands . The end result with flawed drawstring and running too large for size is that these shorts are constantly sliding down . I regret the purchase .
 Quality made , but you can see right through these to whatever you may or may not be wearing underneath . This probably happens only on the white version though . They need to add another layer or something .
 This product is a camping hazard . It is made of glass . Mine broke into many , many pieces creating a health hazard for an entire 19 day wilderness trip .
 This light set is made very cheaply . I had to solder the main headlight center post where they forgot to . It is made from cheap plastic and very hard to open to put the batteries in.Not worth the money .
 Overall , this seems to be a poor product . The rear tail light never worked - it came broken . The light itself seems to be in good shape , so I do n't think it was the shipping that broke it . I suspect it 's just poorly made .
 The lights seem to perform well , but the plastic housing and brackets used for attachment to the bike are very cheap . The L-shaped bracket which articulates the rear tail light up and down has broken ... even before I rode with it . The wind blew my bike over , and the entire impact was absorbed by the handle bar , seat , & pedal . The tail light escaped direct impact with the ground , but the bracket still broke . The batteries were not even installed , which would make it break even easier with greater mass ! Choose a more robust bike light !!
 The lights are pretty strong , while they have enough juice . I find myself changing the batteries every couple weeks when I only use the lights rarely .
 This seemed like a promising light set for a bike . . but they should not be producing a light set made from such cheap plastic . . have to buy a new one since the grip that holds the light broke so easily !!
 The sweater was ok . Even through the senders sent me the wrong size . I order a 5xl and got a 4xl .
 I was extremely unhappy . This hoddie was not heavy at all . i was expection alot more weight to it . also alot more material . i returned it right away . i work night so i need something thick . and this was far from it
 Beware
 I wanted heavy sweatshirts . I didd n't get heavy ones . The sweatshirts i got are thin . VERY DISSAPOINTED . DO N'T BUY IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HEAVY SWEATSHIRT.If you want a light one the quality is n't bad . good for florida bad for illinois !
 They ignore to my emails when i need a return.X t u y f g vg y g gvg hbb v v f d c f
 I 'll start off with the pros
 This tool broke the second time I used it , not too impressed . Normailly I would endose Park Tools , I have been using them for over twenty years .
 The Bell Hitchbiker is medium rack at the best . Was disapointed in the manner the bike attached to the rack . I believe the Velcro hold downs were not sufficient to hold bike on rack . I tied the bike to the rack with pieces of rope .
 The item I ordered said it would fit a 1 1/4 to 2 inch hitch . I Have a 2 inch hitch and the bike rack did not fit secure . I had to tie it to the car so it would not move . even then it still swayed side to side on my trip . I was wondering if there is anything you can do .
 Packaging torn and open . Product had broken plastic parts . I wanted to return but the packaging is messed up . Caqn you do something about it ?
 You would need to do some serious machining to get this to work . the hole is not large enough to get the sight aperature adjusted for windage . For elevation , it works fine but the AK cleaning kit already has an elevation adjustment tool . Would not recommend .
 I used this product on my Yugo SKS . Work for my elevation but not for windage . Used it on a Norinco SKS same problem .
 This kit is OK for casual riders . I put on around 100 miles a week bycycle commuting -LRB- not counding recreational riding -RRB- , and for me the tire irons and tools did n't stand up . Having a tool break when you need to change a tire in the middle of your commute to work causes harsh words to be said.Spend a few $ and ounces more to get quality tire irons , patch kit and good quality multi-tool and you 'll be miles ahead .
 This is a handy set , and it 's nice to have all the tools I use most often on my bike in one place . The tire patch kit is decent , and I 've definitely had use for it . Unfortunately , some of the most important tools just are n't very useful.The phillips screw head is pretty solid , but the flathead screwdriver narrows too much to be of much use for most screws . Additionally , the wrenches are supposed to lock in place but if you put any pressure on them they escape the lock and fold . That means if you have a tight nut , you really ca n't get it loose . I end up pulling out my ratchet kit every time for serious jobs . Still , this is handy to have on the road , and every once in a while comes in real handy .
 While having multiple tools in a compact case is a great concept ; it is limited to whether it can be used effectively . When I needed to adjust my derailleur it was difficult to maneuver the tool so the allen screw could be loosened and retightened while pulling the cable that was being adjusted . The metal appears to be poor quality and the plastic tire tools are a breakage risk .
 This same thing is $ 15 at walmart . Not bad at that price . But at the $ 35 fulfilled by Amzon it is n't worth it . Buy the alien tool instead.Topeak Alien II 26-Function Bicycle Tool
 I 'm disappointed with this so called bike tool kit . There really is n't much you can do with what is included in the Swiss army style kit . Out of everything there , I can use maybe 3 things for what my needs have been . Otherwise , I have to bring it to someone who has the right tools ... I 've come to the conclusion that ` Bell ' products are overrated ... IMO
 This by far wasnt ' going to be my primary light but as a backup/secondary light I thought it would be great.Had it all setup and went for a short ride with my wife after work and decided to run it . We did n't make it much futher then 20 miles when she said the light was n't on at all and when I checked on it had actually melted by top where it mounts to the tire and pushed through the side.I guess if you are going to go really slowly and not very far this might work . If you plan on going at a good clip for > 1 hour it probably ca n't take it .
 The instructions were not very clear and I could n't find any better ones online . The cords are sort of flimsy and I am worried that they will get caught on something eventually .
 While the price was right and it was easy to install , it broke within a week and there are no spare parts available . Do n't waste your money .
 Generator lights are a great idea , of course . The reasons are obvious - mostly because they do n't use batteries , but also because at 6v , they put out more light than most battery lights.Unfortunately , this Bell unit is simply made too cheaply . Probably for 50 cents more , they could have made a much better product , but it is what it is . The wires are ridiculously thin and fragile . The unit itself is puny by any standards . I think some of the folks who praised this unit are impressed with the light when they first used it , but usually within one or two weeks , something shakes loose , and the unit no longer works.Nice try with a low-cost generator light , but unfortunately , this one is a dud .
 This thing is crap not powerful and hard to set up . I have a background in electric and it was still a pain for me . YOu will have to solder some connections in order to set up the ground properly . The instructions arent very good either . Also the lights die when you come to a stop unless you wire a battery into the circuit .
 Bought this light and found parts were missing . Went to the hardware store and bought the needed hardware and installed the light . Problem is the headlight does n't work - called Bell and they have n't made this light since 2006 and they told me to contact Amazon for help . Now if I have to send it back I have to take it all apart and package it up and stand in line at the shipping store . What a pain for a $ 15 light . Not worth the trouble .
 Poor Quality . Returned for replacement , then had to return THAT one too ! Zero stars would be more accurate .
 ... things like this should work , this does n't and the Mfg. knows it , ... read the reviews Amazon , I really like you but I do n't like this ! Do n't sell it if the product gets this kind of reviewBell Generator Bicycle Light Set ... !!!!!!!!?
 The only satisfaction I have gotten out of this product is this opportunity to vent . If the price seems too cheap , it is . Where to begin ? Instructions , pretty bad . Hardware , missing , inconsistent , inadequate . Design , deeply flawed . Mounting , not on my standard mountain bike . Manufacture , cheap , cheap , cheap.What result culminated my frustrating evening retrofitting it just to see if it would work ? I 'll spare you the suspense , it did n't . Not a glimmer .
 I 've blown out 6 lights already in the SAME night , there obviously is NO voltage regulator so that is why , im really surprized because usually Bell has a decent quality product , not this time , im NOT happy with it at all .
 This was a complete waste of time and money . It never worked even for one minute , not even for a second.The brackets are flimsy and the instructions useless . After seeing it did n't work we hooked it to a volt meter and spun it with a hand drill . Voltage output was ZERO.I guess I should have returned it ASAP but instead I hooked the two lights up to a rechargeable 6 volt battery and try to keep my battery charged .
 Stay away from this prodcut . Manual sucks ... and the product is horrible ... there is no way this thing is going to work .
 My poor dad wasted a whole day trying to get the thing to light up . We finally got it to work and it worked for one night and the next day I tried it and the headlight was out ! We could not get it to work again ! We took it off and I now have torn up tires on my new bike ! The generator was so worn down it left shavings on my bike like an eraser ! We are just going to go buy a battery powered one whitch will work fine . So , do n't blow you money on this piece of junk ! It 's a complete waste .
 Generic Junk ... Ca n't add panniers , does n't hold much weight & tends to shift or turn on the seatpost . Stay away from this & invest in a good bolt on rear rack . Is there a way to give zero stars ?
 It seemed like a good idea , but this item was not designed well . I wish I had read the reviews before buying.It is very tight on the seat post . Definitely not quick and easy as advertised.My main issue with this item is the quick release bolt . It is in front of the seatpost right under the saddle . It is also quite large and my legs end up rubbing up against it . Lowering the rack as far as possible helps a bit , but it still in the way of my legs . For this reason and the poor reviews , I 'm going to be returning it.On the pro side , it did feel very sturdy .
 I needed a rack to take my lunch to work and to bring home parcels from the post office . The bungie cord broke the first time I used it . The rack shifts on the bike post . I did use it once to carry a small soft-sided cooler for a long ride , but had to bring extra bungee cords , but the hooks were too big to fit around the metal posts , so it took some effort to make that work . I should 've spent more money on a better rack , instead of wasting money on this one .
 I bought this thinking it would be a decent cheap bike rack , which it is . My problem is the bungee cord broke and it wo n't hold One gallon of water without problems . It wo n't tighten to the seat post as much as I would like and swivels around turns.I am now going to try the Wald steel bike rack which mounts to the wheel studs and the frame . Hopefully that will be more sturdy !
 I bought this item yesterday so I could take my work/school items on my bike with me . It took over an hour to even get the thing mounted to my bike , as the hole that the seat mount goes on is too small and does n't bend easily . I then tried to attach a bookbag to the rack if you have anything hanging over the edges the bungies wo n't stay hooked . The grooves need to be more of a `` hook '' type for the bungy to stay . I think this is a great idea but has some major desigm flaws . You definitely need another cargo net with SMALL hooks to attach to the metal on the rack . Next time I will splurge for a more expensive model in hopes that it is a little more user friendly .
 I would 've guessed that in buying a Bell product they would have made it universally fit bikes - it does n't . If the pole holding up your seat is n't the right circumference , this thing wo n't work . Lousy . It may work for your bike , but it 's probably not worth the risk in buying it to find out . Find another product .
 My commute is 10.5 miles one way so I needed something that I could use to tie down my small backpack so my arms and shoulders can be free . For the most part , I ride on a smooth dedicated trail , but occasionally I have to ride on a jointed sidewalk which I think causes the fastening mechanism to become loose.summary :1 st TripThe rack came loose and was swaying side to side at around the 6 mile mark . Had to stop re-tighten and double check the cheaply supplied bungee . -LRB- bought a much better bungee cord -RRB- 2nd TripMade sure the rack was as tight as it could be before I left work ; I even tapped it on the side to ensure that it did not move . It fared well until I got off at my drive way and noticed that rack was off-centered . Sure enough , when I touched it moved loosely to the side .3 rd TripRepeat of 2nd tripConclusion : I am taking this off my bike and purchasing a better quality rack ; unfortunately this one does n't fit the bill for what I need . The only saving grace with this rack was that it was easy to put on and easy to take off .
 While they do n't mention it anywhere , this product will not work for every bike . I tried this on my bike , and it was WAY too big . After tightening it all the way , it was still extremely loose -LRB- wobbling up and down and swinging side to side -RRB- . Fortunately , I bought it at a local store , so I can return it without too much hassle . If you do buy this , I would not get it online ! Who wants to pay return shipping?I also noticed that even if it had fit , a lot the platform was hidden under the bike seat . While this would be OK for very small , short loads , if you are looking to put something a bit bigger/taller on this , I do n't think this is your product .
 This towel is horrible and do n't waste your money . It does not absorb at all . I bought two for a trip and they are worthless . They are now going into the garbage . Do n't wast your time or money .
 I bought a pair that look identical to these under the Weider brand . After a month ... the fabric developed a hole and the contents , coarse black rock or sand , started leaking . The fabric is built for comfort , not durability ... there was no inner liner and the contents were highly abrasive . Since ankle weights rub on the tops of shoes and the fabric is worn down from the inside by the grittin contents -LSB- without an inner liner -RSB- , the short life is almost inevitable .
 Well I am very disapointed I bought this classes , since I have been Adidas fan since I was kid , I wanted shades with name Adidas on it , but after 10 days glases broke up in the midle after no really so strong hit -LRB- my Oakleys would never break up like fhat -RRB- , and you do not ofer spare lanses so I replace it , so 130 dolars I paid for nothing.I stil like this shades , look good , protection is fine , make me very hapy when I veare them , so if you had replacement lanses , please let me no I want it desperately , Sincerely yours
 I mistakenly bought one of these from a `` Sports Authority '' store.One of the worst decisions I made last year.First the left crank arm just came lose so I retightened it - then when it kept coming loose I took it back to the store and they blame it on the manufacturer-phone call leave message-then Columbia/Ironhorse calls me and leave a phone message that they would be happy to help me.The question is when?When will either one of these big shot companies help?After repeated e-mails and phone calls to both Columbia/Ironhorse and Sports Authority I still have a junk bike with a useless paper `` warranty '' and less money in my pocket.They do n't even return phone calls or e-mails . Trailhead ? Leave it in the store.And if you are shopping in a `` Sports Authority '' leave the store.I see why these two companies are teamed up.They both have NO SERVICE and totally USELESS WARRANTIES ! And You Can Quote Me.R.B . -- Kansas .
 There were no instructions . The picture of the assembled unit on the package -LRB- which was the best hint they gave for assembly -RRB- was significantly different from the online picture -LRB- on which I based the purchase decision -RRB- and neither of them was close to looking like the actual product.The provided parts apparently gave you several different ways to attach things , but none of those ways was a decent fit for any bike my family has , especially not for the one I bought this for . The primary flaw is the two pieces that connect the front of the rack to the frame under the seat are too short . Also they only provided enough screws for the simplest possible install . If you wanted to use ANY of the small optional parts you would need to obtain extra screws.The package contained 7 long screws and 1 short screw . Unfortunately , I did n't think things through well enough in advance . The minimum of 8 connection points for my bike had 4 that needed the long screws , 3 that would be much better with a short screw and one that could only work with the short screw . I put the short screw where it was just better , not required , then realized my mistake and swapped screws but the short screw stripped when trying to reuse it .
 be careful when ordering such bike accessories - it may not fit your bike !
 The rack is not as pictured . I bought it because my bike did not have the brackets to screw a rack to the frame . Although the picture shows clamps for attaching both the top and the bottom of the rack to the bike frame , the rack only has clamps for the top of the rack . I had to fashion my own clamps out of insulated p-clamps -LRB- in the electrical department at the hardware store -RRB- . Also the rack is screwed together rather than welded which makes it less sturdy than most racks . Get a welded rack at Performance bikes for about the same price -LRB- $ 15 when they are on sale -RRB- .
 speedy delivery , however the package has almost no instructions at all . Only an illustration of how it looks on the bike after the installation with the major parts labeled . That does n't help me figuring out how to put it onto the bike . and -LSB- ... -RSB- does n't even list this product .
 This was a bad buy . The C-clamps would not fit my bike and there were parts missing !!! This is not the first time I have had problems with Bell products either . I also bought the U-Lock . It was so hard to install and the clamps again were not big enough . I am never buying a Bell product again !!! I really would not even give it one star , but I had too .
 Based on other reviews I did not expect to receive directions . The rack does not fit the bike I was trying to fit since it has a rear fender . I mistakenly calculated the rack would fit but significant modifications are required . Otherwise product meets value expectation .
 The Bell rear bike rack has the shape and function I wanted but not the parts to install it in all applications . It comes with some very small `` c '' clamps that did n't fit the wider diameter of the seat post on my PT Cruiser Bike . You can find and paint ones that will work at your local home center . It does come with some parts that I have no idea what they are suppose to do or where they fit . Directions that are more specific would be a great idea .
 It looks like a good rack . Although I ca n't actually install it on my bike , because the hardware included is too short . I think it 's a 24 '' bike . So I think we 're going to put it on my daughter 's 20 '' bike . Other than the fact that it wo n't fit , and has horrible directions -LRB- if you can call them that -RRB- it looks like a fine rack .
 The rack works fine , but the instructions are illegible and insufficient . If you buy this , be ready to get additional parts and figure it out onyour own .
 I thought the bike rack was a good cost , but when I got it , I was very disappointed with the lack of instructions and materials it came with to install . The rack itself looks like it 's good quality , but only if you can get it installed . I have attempted to put this rack on my bike 4-5 times about 1 hour each time , and I 've also had my boyfriend try to help me and we still have n't figured the stupid thing out !!!! So no it 's sitting in my garage and I have went to buy a bike rack elsewhere .
 It does not fit any of my 3 bikes . I wish the product description could have been more clear , so I do n't waste money like this . Now it is collecting dust in the garage .
 The product seems sturdy and seems like it would work well . However , a major problem makes itself apparent during installation . The directions given are terrible and the diagram for them displays a different product . The product received does not even match this picture on the site . It also does not seem to fit as it should . Some heavily improvised connection will be needed . I still cant get mine on . Ultimately its going most likely going to be returned . I would n't recommend buying this online where you cant inspect it , but rather see it in a store first , if possible .
 I usually have no problem with installing accessories , or putting items together . But the instructions on this rack are vague , ca n't even tell from the pictures . And from trying to figure it out , I cant see how this rack would even fit in this bicycle and be level . I guess I am going to take my loss and go back to square one .
 I ordered this item size medium , but the one that I received fits like size small .
 This product is virtually 100 % plastic . If you 're over 6 feet tall -LRB- I am 6 and a half feet tall -RRB- then you 're going to have some difficulty with using it . I have had it since February and have used it only a couple dozen times due to the fact that I am a full time student and take summer classes and it 's already falling apart . It does do okay when I try to use it but it is wobbly even though it was put together correctly -LRB- only a tiny metal bar connects the seat to the peddles -RRB- . Assembly is simple with one exception , the resistance cord requires one to have either A -RRB- amazing upper body strength and teeth that are incredibly durable or B -RRB- 2 people with average upper body strength pulling it in opposite directions while a third person tries to get it into the slit that it connects to . You are probably better of buying your exercise equipment from your local Walmart .
 there is not a way to attach an average bike to this machine . i tried tech support and they suggested that i return the product . i wish that there was a list of bikes that could be compatiable.what a waste of time .
 It took calls to Bell customer service , who said that an older bike could n't use the trainer without a quick release back tire , to find out that they really did n't know what they were talking about.When I was ready to return the trainer , a neighbor who knows about bikes came by and put it on for me . I was shocked that it worked after Bell customer service suggesting I return it .
 The Bell trainer was around my price range and read other reviews for this so give it a try it 's very loud even with road tirers . Switch my bike gears to low and still loud high gear even WORST . I just send it back the same day .
 I was not impressed with this item at all . After taking it out of the packaging , I realized that not only would it not fit my bike , but it also does not come fully assembled as advertised . You have to take out an axle in you bike to be able to insert another piece ... . every time you use it . Not convenient at all and more of a risk of damaging your bike in the process . I would not recommend . Also , having difficulties getting a refund because it is taking Amazon FOREVER to process it.If you want to avoid the unnecessary snags in online ordering , do not by this product . I was very disappointed when I realized that the description of the bike online is not accurate .
 I love the equipment . Easy to use , portable , easy to store at home , I adjust the tension with my bike gears as a ride , quiet enough for me , recommend buying it from a different shipper then Amazon to protect your investment.I was totally ticked -LRB- pi ** 'd -RRB- off at the condition of the box when it arrived . The post office said it was Amazon 's fault 'cause there was too much air space in the box when it was shipped meaning it was ripped , crushed , and destroyed . I refused to accept the shipment , so the postman said he 'd take it outta the box for inspection to make sure it was n't damaged . Sigh ! Get it together ppl !
 This item arrived in a beaten up box and was broken . Returning it was not easy -LRB- and they did n't have any in stock to replace it -RRB- . I was very displeased with Amazon 's poor shipment and customer service .
 Unable to maneuver my bike in the trainer . Just when I think it in , and try it out , it crashes .
 Let me start by saying I 've never trained for biking before . I bought a slick tire for my mountain bike and hooked it up to this trainer . The noise with a slick tire is acceptable , but I was able to run in top gear without breaking a sweat . I simply overpowered this trainer . Other reviews said to tighten the trainer more than recommended to get additional resistance , but it really did n't make a difference.This may be okay if you are feather light and using a road bike with tall gears , but for my 180 # frame on a mountain bike , it simply did not provide enough resistance . I returned this and got a CycleOps Mag and have had no problems -LRB- I 'm not even on the top resistance setting -RRB- ... guess you get what you pay for !
 The Bell Motivator provides NO RESISTANCE . Concerned that something may be wrong I took the side cover off to find a plate of fixed magnets with an aluminum disk that is attached to the axle . HUH ??? I called Bell they could provide no assistance or information if my unit was just missing some parts . I returned this unit and purchased an Ascent unit from Nashbar , $ 10 more , but a lot better built with 3 resistance levels -LRB- that actually work -RRB- . I give Amazon a 5 star on this transaction . They quickly processed my return and paid return shipping . I just printed a label and dropped it off at the post office . I was pleasantly surprised .
 I bought this trainer and tried it with my road bike a couple of times . It did not generate any noticable resistance . I had to switch to the highest gear combination and still not enough . It did generate lots of vibration and noise . I suppose one could increase resistance by tightening the roller onto the bike tire ... but that can tear up your tire pretty quickly.I am not big on indoor trainers but I had used a Cycle-ops fluid trainer before , and that gave far better resistance and was much quieter . This is a low end trainer . If I were buying another one -LRB- I sold mine -RRB- , I would look for one with a bigger/stronger resistance mechanism .
 the resistance tops out because it gets so hot that the disk ca n't generate enough eddy currents to provide the needed resistance . That is to say , the longer and harder you pedal , the easier it gets ! They need to design more cooling into the device .
 I have n't found a solution to the problem that I have with the Bell Motivator that I was given for Christmas . Every time I use it the rear tire goes flat . I have replaced the tire three times and the inner tube five times . My solution is to buy a real stationary bike and junk the Bell Motivator .
 This is a terrible product which you should avoid . There is no way to adjust resistance except changing gears on your bike . Even at the highest gear , I do n't think this approximates the difficulty of biking on flat ground . What 's worse is that the product is so loud you will likely find it unusable . Even at slow speeds I need to wear ear plugs . At moderate speeds it sounds like a lawnmower . I ca n't recommend this product to anyone , and I do n't understand how it received the positive reviews it has garnered .
 I 'm a competitive cyclist and borrowed this trainer from a friend to use during the winter and wow ... this thing is terrible . Yes , it is cheap , and yes , it allows you to bike inside , however , forget this thing if you are looking for a workout . There is no resistance and the only way to work up a sweat is to crank the roller tight on the tire but get ready for burning rubber and dramatically decreased tire life . Spend a few more dollars and get a real trainer . The frame is also flimsy , be careful getting out of the saddle for sprints
 I spent ALOT of time looking into bike trainers . Cost is usually the most important factor in this type of decision , and sometimes it is simply worth it to spend more . I can not say for sure that a more expensive trainer -LRB- i.e. one that is either of better overall quality or one that is a different type , such as the `` fluid '' trainers which I read were overall better trainers , -RRB- would be any better . I 've never owned one . But the trainer that I do own , this trainer , was not satisfying . It 's TOO LOUD , EVEN WITH A ROAD BIKE TIRE . When I was originally looking into this trainer , I read alot of complaints about noise . I figured that it was n't enough to discount this product altogether , and it 's not , but in addition to the fact that riding on this trainer does n't really feel that good is more of the problem . It basically felt a little flimsy ever time I got on it . And I `` m a first time trainer user , just someone who wants to get a little exercise indoors , and still it just did n't fee like it was that steady or giving me that great of a workout . I would hope that a better quality trainer would do better . But my best advice is to look on craigslist for a used fluid trainer .
 very disappointed . If you do n't really want a workout than this is the trainer for you . There is virtually no resistance . I have a 27 speed road bike and I had to run my bike in the highest gear there was which made the magnetic unit whine and vibrate terribly . I rode for an hour and hardly broke into a sweat . I had a Giant Cyclatron which I liked but the bearings went bad after 4 1/2 years . I think I 'll fix and go back to that .
 it probably works well for a bike without knobby mountain bike tires . With the tires I have , the noise it makes is too much to use . Afriend with regular smooth tires is going to try it out .
 Believe the 1 star ratings
 I bought this trainer for my son who has tons of energy and who lives in a place that gets cold and inhospitable to biking outside in the winter . When it arrived over a week late -- due to that same inhospitable weather -- we discovered that it does n't work for kid size bikes . And it does n't say that anywhere .
 Unfortunately , the product did not explain in detail how theproduct worked and it turns out that our bke did not fit properly . APparently it was not intended for this type of bike , but the description of the product online did not detail this . Had to return it but we appreciated getting our refund quickly .
 This trainer is great for turning your legs over , but if you want a workout , forget it and go with something better . To feel any significant resistance i have to be in my highest gears , and have a cadence of over 100 . At that point the trainer makes a very loud whine.Long story short , if you are an experianced cyclist looking for something cheap , dont get this , because in a week youll be wanting something better , but if your someone that just wants to turn over their legs pretty easily for a low price , then this is for you .
 Not a quality item . I do not recommend this trainer unless you are , as I was , just looking for a cheap stationary trainer to try out the idea of riding a bike inside . If you are sure you want to train indoors , go ahead and buy a decent one that produces less noise and vibration . You could also buy this Bell unit from a local store , try it out , then return it since that would be easier than shipping back to Amazon . If you buy this one , you will just be buying a decent one soon anyhow .
 I could n't get enough resistance with my mountain bike in top gear , I think I 'm going to have to go for a spin bike instead . This trainer is not compatible with my Burley Canto recumbent . It worked fine , Amazon 's shipping box was inadequate and the trainer 's box was slightly damaged , I returned it and got a refund . Five stars for Amazon.com 's return policies .
 I got this trainer after reading the reviews . Most were positive with only a few complaints about not having enough resistence . I figured since I was going to use a mountain bike and I am not a hard core cyclist it would be enough . I was wrong . I am young , 24 , and in good shape so this was simply not enough to provide a decent work out . This would be enough if you are over the hill and needing something cheap and live by the rule , any work out is better than no work out -LRB- which I agree with -RRB- . The noise was bad but not unbearable . I had to put the TV on full volume in order to hear it though . Most importantly Amazons costumer service on the return was perfection , as always .
 I just opened the box , the trainer is broken , I send back to replacement , but the second one is broken to and I cancel my purshase ... I do n't know is a shipping problem or the trainer is fragile ...
 I bought this thinking I would save money over buying a spin bike . First the pros
 I found this trainer online and read the reviews and i was expecting it to be a little loud . . but it is way TOO LOUD . . the faster you ride the louder it gets , i thought i could drown it out with headphones , but nope . . if you are looking for something quieter , spend the extra money . Wont be riding this at 5am , I will wake the whole house . You get what you paid for , and it is not peace and quiet .
 This order was supposed to be delivered before christmas with amazon prime ... as of now , no delivery.Now I have to wait and see if it gets here by dec 28 . Amazon can not say when it will be delivered.This does not make paying for amazon prime worthwhile.As for the product ? I hear its good , it looks good ... but having paid for it and waited for it without results ... 0 stars .
 This is a decent product , fairly sturdy in construction , cheap , and requires no assembly . That being said - it is way , way too loud to be enjoyable for me . I live in a small apt , so I worry about the noise the neighbors have to hear . If neighbor noise is not an issue for you , might be ok . But even without considering the neighbors , this thing is so loud that i ca n't hear the tv or stereo while riding . Just not a pleasant experience . Also , I found that the level of resistance was insufficient at any gear - it is possible that with some adjustment it would be better , but I have n't gotten that to happen . Also - you will definitely need to purchase a stabilizer for the front wheel - and I recommend getting a good one that is heavy enough to actually stabilize the bike . Last thought - though it requires no assembly , attaching the bike can be kind of tough , and you will likely need a partner to hold the bike while you do so . Another negative for me .
 I returned this item and was unfortunately charge a large s & h ; fee to return it.Problems :1 -RRB- Even on the highest gear with ha mountain bike , there was way too little resistance to get a workout . If I use street bike tires , it 's as if I 'm just moving my feet -LRB- practically no workout -RRB- . I might as well just lift the bike in the air and put weights on my feet .2 -RRB- With mountain bike tires , it 's unbearably noisy . It 's worse than putting an index card near the tire -LRB- like kids to to make a motorcycle noise -RRB- . The noise is so unbearable , I ca n't peddle faster -LRB- not because of the resistance -RRB- , peddling faster causes pain to the ears.For the cost of one of these trainers , you should really just pay a bit more for an exercise bike . Unless you 're a hardcore biker that * needs * to train on the bike s/he will be racing in . Unfortunately exercise bikes tend to have a smaller radius than a normal bike , which is why I thought this would be a good idea -- I was wrong .
 I bought this item so I could continue riding my bike through the tough Chicago winters . I had no idea it was going to be SO LOUD ! I live in a condominium , and after the first day of using this product , I got a `` not so friendly '' visit from the people who live downstairs . Before long , I also got the same type of visit from several other neighbors . After about a week , this item went into storage . I probably should just sell it , because as long as I live in this condo , I wo n't be able to use it , because of the noise.The item works well , it 's just extremely loud . I suggest not getting it unless you live in a house . It makes it very difficult to listen to music while riding too .
 The Bell Motivator Mag Indoor Bicycle Trainer arrived in record time - less than 2 days . Brought it in and opened it . Nearly cut my hand when I removed the bubble wrap which was taped around the trainer . The manufacturer used 2 pieces of scrap metal as spacers where the magnetic unit fits on the frame of the trainer . These pieces of steel are razor sharp , seriously , and they protrude , making them a serious hazard . I was lucky . Someone else will not be . This is a lawsuit waiting to happen . Not sure if you will be able to get to it , but I did upload a picture I took onto the packaging feedback section . Unfortunately , I could n't put a picture here .
 This is a very basic trainer with very little resistance . This really is best for beginner bikers.In addition , the tension adjustment knob is made of cheap plastic which stripped and cracked within a few weeks . When I called the company for support they said that they did n't have any extra ones that they could send me . They told me I would have to mail in the entire unit to have it replaced . It certainly was n't worth the cost shipping for a 30-cent piece of cheap plastic.I have n't done it yet , but I 'm going to take it somewhere to have a metal crank welded on to replace the cheap plastic adjustment knob . Until then , I have to use a pair of pliers to adjust the tension.The unit is easy to setup and to get the bike setup on it . I did n't need to use the extra skewer that was provided but you may if you have an older bike.I recommend you buy slick tires to use with this -LRB- and any other -RRB- trainer . I very quickly went out and bought slick tires for my mountain bike because the knobby tires makes too much noise . Even with the slicks the noise is louder than I would like , but this is not the unit making the noise - it 's the vibration from the tires which you will have with any unit . Another thing that helped was setting up the trainer and bike on a set of foam floor pads to reduce tranmission of vibrations to the rest of the room .
 If you have road / mountain bike -- dont buy it - it is SO loud - difficult to get the resistance right - and is just too loud . Definitely not worth the money
 the gun is probably good but i never shot it befor . im just guessing
 the gun is probably good but i never shot it befor . im just guessing
 The seller sent me the wrong ball and the wrong weight . I ca n't properly review this item because it is not the item that I received from the seller . She was not the brightest person when it came to bowling equipment but whatever .
 There are many cons to this product .1 . poor quality in every components2 . very poor assemble instructions3 . ridability is poor not smooth at allspend a little more money and buy something better
 I got this vest and tried several times to use it for shooting , hunting , etc. . But I kept coming back to one point ... the vest is WAY too heavy ... literally the thing weighs over 3 lbs -LRB- for the XXL -RRB- . Yes , it has a concealed carry pocket , but who needs it ? You can take the vest off and beat your assailant with it like a flail.I will say it is well made , but I sold mine and might consider getting the 5.11 taclite version of this vest made of lighter weight ripstop nylon . Or maybe a fishing vest instead , as I never used the concealed carry pockets anyways -LRB- 4 o'clock IWB is more convenient and accessible everywhere but in the car -RRB- .
 I think I am better off with a backpack . It holds more and I do n't have to velcro and unvelcro it everytime I ride .
 I wanted an easy access compact handlebar bag facing me while riding my cruiser . The Bell bag is stiff and bulky ; not enough inside pockets -LRB- just two -RRB- to organize your stuff for quick access so its awkward to open while riding . Worse yet , it sticks out just enough to hit my knees when I 'm riding . It does n't tie down well on the back rack either . Do n't waste you money on this one . I ca n't find any use for this bag except to give it to a kid to hang in front of their one speed bike like a basket .
 The picture and description was not good . I did not get what I expected
 I bought this handlebar bag as well as the Bell StowAway bicycle seat bag . The zippers on both products are metal and extremely flimsy . While using the handlebar bag for the first time , the zipper broke . To be more specific , the top part of the pull tab broke off.I contacted Bell -LRB- which was a chore in itself -RRB- and after several emails I was given a replacement bag . Not the same exact bag , but a smaller one with a better zipper . Which was fine with me because an exact replacement would n't have lasted long anyway.I 'm very careful with my StowAway bag as it 's still in working condition after using it for 4 weeks.The reflective strips and its size are the only reasons why this bag has two stars .
 I bought this bag -LRB- from k-mart -RRB- primarily because it was small enough to mount on my handlebar and not obscure my handlebar mounted headlight , but large enough to carry my relatively small u-lock and also my cable lock . I 've had mine for about 8 months now and it 's falling apart . I 've always had problems with the zippers , they had a tendency to split open when I had both locks in the bag . Not an over-sized load , but u-locks are kind of heavy . So I just left the zipper zipped up to the middle of the bag . Just recently , the zippers have begun to detach from the bag at the seems . At $ 15 , not including shipping , there are plenty of other bags available on Amazon , surely one of them offers better construction quality than this one .
 On the first attempt to use it two things broke at the tip that is supposed to attach to the tire valve
 Our bikes have the presta valve . We received this pump and it did not work with this valve . No airflow through that area .
 I should have read the reviews a little more closely . My tires have Presta valves on them and even though this pump says it works on them , it does n't . Trying to force it down started to bend the valve as well.Solid pump for Schraeder valves , but look elsewhere if you have Presta .
 The model I received does not have both Presta and Schrader connectors on the head . Instead , it has a cheap plastic Presta - > Schrader adapter that 's included inside the handle -LRB- there 's a little door that flips down on one side on the bottom -RRB- . I tried using this adapter . First , I had to fool with it for about 15 minutes before I could get a decent enough seal to fill the tire . When I finally filled it , I tried to get the adapter off and it tore the head right out of the Presta valve . So I 've probably ruined the new tube I just bought by using this thing.Also , some other parts of the description are not accurate . It says this includes a 35 '' tube , but the one I got is maybe 20 '' . It wo n't reach the valve on a typical bike tire unless you rotate it so it 's below horizontal.Neither the Amazon-provided image nor the user-provided one match what I actually received . The user-provided one shows the gauge going up to 160psi , but mine only goes up to 120psi . -LRB- Yes , it 's not Amazon 's image , but should n't they review these for accuracy ? -RRB- Pretty much the worst purchase I 've ever made at Amazon , and the only time I 've received something that blatantly did n't match the description .
 This pump leaks horribly . It is practically impossible to use . We purchased it in lieu of the Bell Bicycle Hand Pump -LRB- which also did not work -RRB- . You have to pump 4 times as hard just to keep the PSI in the tire at what it was prior to filling . I would NOT recommend this pump at all .
 I could probably have filled my tire better if I personally tried to blow it up with my mouth . The first one I recieved did n't work . Amazon exchanged it for another , that one worked once . I recently tried to use it again , and it did n't work at all . Do n't waste the $ 20-not worth it . I would give it 0 stars if that option was available .
 Ours arrived with part of the handle , the sports ball inflator , the presta adaptor , and any instructions missing . We 're in process with Amazon to get it fixed . But where was the original packaging ? What about a warranty or manufacturer contact info ? It just came in a big Amazon box with a lot of cushioning . Odd , for an un-used product . Ours may also be leaking out the top . But it did inflate my old Huffy 's tires , so on that note I 'm happy .
 I must have used the pump about 4-5 times before it started leaking . A total waste of money !
 This product simply does not create a tight enough seal to pump air into the tires adequately and it also does not contain an accurate air pressure gauge . This is very disappointing from a well known company in the cyclist world .
 people are complaining a lot about how this pump is n't so great for presta-valve tires . my bike does n't have those . i just have normal old valves , and yet , this pump barely worked for pumping them either . i use the past-tense because after a few months of ownership this flimsy feeling pump stopped working entirely . it leaks air rather than pumping it into the tire it is attached to . also , the gauge never really worked even when it did painfully air up tires . i am back to buy another pump , this time i think i will shop more carefully and not assume that all pumps are more or less equal . clearly they are not , and this piece of junk confirms that .
 Used this in a span of 1.5 years about 15-20 times and it broke after that . That 's not good in anyone 's book . The design is very poor . The tube -LRB- airhose -RRB- is not long enough . The pressure gauge is located at the top so it makes it easier to read -LRB- this is the only advantage I could think of -RRB- .
 Like many others , I could not get this to work with a Presta valve.My old -LRB- lost -RRB- blackburn is fine . This thing seems to be designed very poorly .
 lasted for only 3 tires before blowing a seal at the base of the pump.cheap , cheap , cheap ...
 I purchased this item in June and I always struggled with it until it finally just stopped working altogether in December . I did not even use it all that much . It looks impressive but the quality is actually very poor . You have to pump like crazy to build up enough air pressure to pump something up and the valve is 100 % plastic and wears out with a small amount of usage . If you plan to buy a new pump every year this is the one to buy . If you want one that will last - keep looking .
 Worst purchase ever ... do n't believe the description of the pump having a presta/schrader head . I got this product in the mail and tried to find the presta head and found that there was just an adapter for presta/schrader valves hidden in the handle . For the life of me I could not get the adapter and the pump to attach with a tight seal on my presta valve tire . It is made out of cheap plastic and probably will never work with a presta valve .
 This product has changed and is not the same as shown online . I called Bell and they confirmed the product is now a much less product than shown.The hose is too short . It does not reach a car tire valve unless the valve is on the bottom . The tire pressure gage is not accurate -LRB- I received 3 of these pumps - and sent them all back -RRB- , off by as much as 20 psi . The pump sent was rated at 120 psi , not 160 . It did not have a dual head as shown and described online.In short , it is about the same as the $ 7 pumps one can get in a local store , not very good
 this is no gold mine . sure it costs very little . . but its mostly junk.if you 're filling up a child 's bike tire to 40-60 psi a few times a year , fine , i guess it 'll work.anything over 80 psi is nearly impossible as the handle begins to bend significantly . . hose is short.guage is inaccurate.seriously , only buy this if you 're perfectly fine with a VERY low quality pump .
 Just bought this piece of crap to inflate my road bike while home for college , but the only thing that inflated was my temper . It supposedly can inflate presta gauges , but even four different avid bikers were unable to fit the stupid thing . Now I have a flat tire and nothing to do . Thanks for nothing Bell ! > : -LRB-
 The one leg that was shipped , I think , worked ok There are other reviews saying the same thing . Was told by amazon that I received what I ordered . If I wanted four then I should have orrdered four . $ 80.00 for a set of 4 legs ???????
 will not hold jersey card or any other thick card , , only holds normal thickness cards , what a waste of time can buy these any where
 The cushion was in two pieces instead of one piece like the previous stearns cushions that I have purchased . I returned them and am waiting for my refund .
 This is a joke
 I just now got notified it was being sent to me , 9 days after I ordered it , omg I swear if I need something that important I will either get something that comes from amazon warehouses directly , go get it in person or just go without . The timeframe in which this company sends out things they charge you for the minute you order it but you wont get it for a longer period and that is after they finally mail it . If I could have given it no stars I would have , customer service truly is pathetic with this company or maybe the fact I only bought a lower priced item so they figure my order can sit around and gather dust , even though the product I order they had plenty and were instock of it .
 I used this bag for 100 miles before the zipper pried open during a ride . Part of the problem was that my bicycle pump -LRB- 6 5/8 '' long -RRB- was putting some pressure on the bag , but it was n't severe pressure , so I do n't think this should have caused the zipper to become un-toothed -LRB- I made up a word , so what ? -RRB- . Finishing a long ride worrying about your stuff falling out unnoticed is no fun , but I did bang the ends of the zipper down to prevent it from happening again . It now seems to function , but it 's not a smooth zippering and I have to test it out -- all the while wondering if it 'll open up again . I would n't recommend this bag . I mean , bike bags have to do two things
 This was a great low price and high reviews . This is not a good choice for longer rides . I went on a 36 mile ride and had to stop about 9 times to fix due to the velcro straps under the seat getting loose . I had a patch kit , tube , cell , and keys in the bag . There is a lot of room and I could have fit more but I do not recommend unless you are doing very short ride with very light weight . Spend the few extra dollars for a better system .
 Had this bag for about two years . seams on the bottom are rotting out . Zipper design is poor as it opened a little bit while riding and lost a set of keys . $ 75.00 to replace the car key . Spend a few bucks more and get a better bag .
 Most bicycle shop cycling equipment is a total ripoff moneywise when compared to the intrinsic cost of materials and manufacturing . So it 's great that Schwinn and Bell make decent cycling equipment for your dollar . But on some items , they could use smarter product designers . This bag is a very good value in regard to size and overall construction , but the mounting straps are lame . I could n't get the velcro straps to stay attached on my seat rails because they 're too short . And I had to uncomfortably squeeze my fingers into a very small space between the rails to attach the straps to their counterpart . But even if they were longer , the design is illogical , and I 've wrote Bell about it . A better design would be to have longer straps that meet and attach on the underside of the bag so as to accommodate all types of seats , not underneath and between the seat rails as it is now . So I bought some velcro straps from Home Depot and rigged it myself , and I suggest buyers to do the same . After I did that , I am a happy camper .
 This bag lasted for me less then a month before first tear on the bottom seam started showing . It could n't hold a 4ft cable lock and basic tire repair kit , with total weight of 1-1 .5 lb , using on city streets.The whole design of holding strap seamed to very thin type of fabric -LRB- I would n't dare call it a `` ballistic nylon '' because of it 's thickness , otherwise it sure looks like it -RRB- is a flaw . There are no reinforcements of any sorts and all the stress from content weight is in two places
 I actually bought this bike bag because the one I bought at Walmart did n't seem to fit very well . The top strap was too far toward the zipper opening for it to be threaded under the seat springs and the result is that these straps disengage very easily . The picture of this bike bag indicated that the straps were set back toward the seat and that the zippered opening was actually a bit more functional . Surprise !!! No such luck . Exactly the same bag as is carried at Walmart with exactly the same problem . Teaches you not to trust the pictures .
 would not buy this again and will not use what I purchased . will take it to the goodwill and get rid of it
 I ca n't figure the thing out . How does it mount to anything . I must be stupid or something . I bought a $ 50 thing from an expensive company that is a rack/bag combo just to get relief . The thing drags on my wheel and the straps do n't match up and down or sidewayssigneddummy
 Good size , attaches well , but the zipper is absolute crap . Broke after a month of use and then flew wide open while mountain biking . Probably lost some stuff but not sure . Stay away from this bag !! Not worth the cheap price ...
 I was hoping to put this on my Trek mountain bike but the straps that fasten it into place are in a spot that wont fit on my bike . I just have the stock seat so its not a one bag fits all
 bought it spontaneously at Wal-Mart while picking up tire tubes ... thought you could n't beat it for the price . Zipper popped apart and stopped working at all within a couple uses . Returned it and got another . Same problem within days . Bag is a good size and secures well to the seat , but I do n't use it because I 'm afraid everything will fall out .
 I bought two of the Bell STowAways . One at a local retailer for my husband , and one from Amazon . The StowAway from the retailer attaches to the seat with a screwed on connector . Very nice and secure . The Amazon one has velco and has come loose on SEVERAL rides .
 I bought this Bag to house my needed emergency tools if and when a flat would occur while I am on the road.I have owned the bag for about 5 months and just purchased a new one recently.Pros : Lots of storage spaceSeat Post grip seems to hold very well.Cons : Is not water resistantAttachments to the seat are weak and do not hold up . I resort to a string or ring that I add to attachment to keep the bag attached to bike.You can get much sturdier , water resistant bags for the same price and cheaper if you shop smart . I did not unfortunately .
 I bought this at walmart . I put a 15mm wrench , 2 tubes , a patch kit and extra patches in it . I also put in print-out maps , gels , and shot-bloks in it as needed . After only a couple of months the zipper failed , and just wo n't work anymore .
 Had the zipper not broken very soon after I started using it , I 'd think a lot more of this bag . It holds plenty . I used a plastic cable tie to better fasten it to the seat . I agree with other reviewers that the velcro straps are n't the most secure.I do n't believe I abused the zipper in one or two of the first uses . I was able to keep it jury-rigged enough to use it for a season , but I 'll be replacing it in the spring . If you buy this bag -LRB- and I do n't recommend you do -RRB- , I recommend you baby it .
 I bought this at a local sports store and barely used it before the zipper started coming apart . Then after about only a dozen uses before the zipper broken off completely . The zelco also repeated came loose and left the bag dangling . Stay away from this brand . You are better off buying one , slightly higher priced bag than several cheap ones .
 You 'd think that by now I would have learned the age old lesson that you get what you pay for . This bag is priced so cheap because that 's exactly what it is . The zipper on my bag never did work particularly well , and after two months it completely broke . Do yourself a favor and buy a better quality bag even if it means paying twice as much -LRB- or even more -RRB- for it .
 the straps that go under the seat dont make sense , its like the velcro is in the wrong spots ... i got it attached as tight as i could and it would sag down and drag on the wheel , i had to zip tie it to the seat to work . Horrible design .
 Bought this at WalMart , but I thought it would be a decent bag because Bell is a good brand . The zipper broke within the day of buying it . Pay a little extra and get a better one .
 The velcro straps on top do n't hold it in place . Every ride I 've had with it -LRB- 2 separate bags -RRB- has seen it fall down and rub against the back tire . Not recommended .
 The size is what it is . Some seem to think that there are some magic bags out there that are actually bigger on the inside than other bags the same size . Sorry . Aside from that it is a good price . But , the top velcro straps will not hold on long , especially if you are doing any off road . It came lose 3 times on a 30 mile flat gravel trail . The position of the straps also makes it nearly impossible to get it tight under the seat . In a tightly strapped position , you can not get your fingers in there to secure it . That is why most bags have one strap that goes through rails under the seat and wraps around and under the bag . If your stuck with this bag , you can use a plastic zip tie to secure it better . It wo n't come off and go back on without cutting , but at least it will hold . I would recommend a single strap pack though .
 Would have been a fine little bag if the zipper had n't broke after less than two months of light use . It 's not much good to anyone once that zipper 's broke . Now I 'm shopping for a new bag , and will avoid Bell products .
 Ther size of this bag was perfect for me . Held a couple of c02 cartridges , 2 spare tires , some tools , small bottle of sunscreen , but , the zipper broke on the first day . Seller let me return with no problems but I would n't buy this bag .
 I have used this bag while riding single-track trails . It is constantly coming unfastened from the bottom of the saddle . Fortunately , it has never disconnected from the seat post , so I have not lost it completely . It is still a hastle that could have been avoided with better design.Like I said in the title , it has plenty of capacity for a spare tube , tire levers , keys , etc. . . If you 're just riding on pavement , it 's probably fine .
 I bought this bag @ Walmart about a year ago for $ 15 . I got it to hold an extra tube , some quick patches , and some tire tools . It seemed like it did this well , but the seams started coming apart after about 6 months of use . Tried Duct taping it , and that helped it hold up for a little while longer until the entire thing came unseamed ... Even along the top !! To be fair , I do most of my riding on trails with jumps , roots , and rocks . However , I would expect a bag made of a fake canvas to last longer than this . Lesson learned ... You get what you pay for . I would n't recommend this bag to anyone , seems a waste to buy a new seatbag every year . Save your $ $ and get something nicer .
 I thought this bag was fine until I loaded it up . I had my lube bottle pressed against its top slightly , and overnite it ripped a hole in the bag . This bag ripped far too easily . I 'm really done with cheap products-this includes Schwinn and Bell . Better to pay a few bucks more and get a quality product that you can depend on .
 I had this bag attached to my bicycle all year . I use it to stash emergency tools -LRB- i.e. spare tube , 10 in 1 tool , flashlight ... -RRB- . The zipper broke after about 6 months of lite use . A bag with a bad zipper is unreliable . Spend the extra $ $ $ and pass on this item .
 The bag is good ... but the velcro straps used to attached it to the bike frame are not strong enough . I 've had to use zip ties to get it to hang on -LRB- and that looks sloppy -RRB- , otherwise it falls off the moment you hit a bump in the road .
 The zipper lasted about a week . I liked the bag size , but now I am having to safety pin it shut . Spend a dollar or two more and get a decent bag .
 I did n't like this item , because the strap wo n't stay fastened , and , it 's too small .
 This was a horrible bag . It only lasted me about 3 rides on the trail . The zipper would n't zip anymore because it would n't stay in the groove when zipping it up . The fabric kept getting caught on the zipper when zipping . After a couple times opening it , the zipper already started to break where it would n't close anymore . If you want something that will last you , then I suggest you get something else cause even though Bell = Big Company ... they have some products that are just below par .
 This product , in my opinion is bad quality . the zipper has already busted after a few mild rides . For that one reason i 'm giving this 2 stars . other than that it is great , but without a zipper , i ca n't use it .
 Poor storage and not flexible in terms of mounting . If you already have other things mounted on the rod , it will be really hard to mount it and attach it to the chair .
 Take a good look at the photo of the bag . See the strap on the top ? That double end Velcro strap is suppose to fasten to the bars on the bottom of your bike seat , but it does a horrible job of doing that . Imagine pinching a piece of fabric with two fingers and trying to pull it between an inch wide gap as far as you can , and then imagine trying to be able to get that strap to touch another strap that is exposed through a half inch gap . Strapping on this bag is just that difficult . If you already have your bike seat on your bike like I do , you will have a difficult time fastening the Velcro straps -LSB- the straps on top -RSB- to the bars on the seat . Pulling off the Velcro is not a problem , but tightening the strap is a huge challenge . I am 5 ' 6 '' and I have my bike seat fairly low , so in order to have the bag high enough so that it 's not dragging and touching the top of the rear tire , I have to make those Velcro straps as tight as possible . Whoever designed these bags did n't account for the fact that people need these bags fastened tight on their seats - when you get the Velcro on tight ; there is n't enough `` furry '' to `` scratchy '' Velcro surface area to keep it fastened . The Velcro is hard to adjust because you have to pull the furry ends off the bag and reseal the straps through the bike seat -LSB- which have really tight openings and its extremely painful on your fingers trying to refasten the straps from under the seat . Even though I was able to get the bag one , it was still loose and the bag was dragging on the tire for a good 20 miles and when I got off my bike , I found an inch wide hole burned on the edge of the bag because of the heat from the friction with the tire . This strap has a horrible design flaw for a component that is critical in keeping the bag away from other moving parts .
 I love watching Dean Reinmuth on the Golf Channel . That 's why I had no qualms about buying his tape . Boy , what a dissapointment . There is not more than 5 minutes of actual golf swings on here . The rest of it is related to physical conditioning , stretching , and the like . The few golf swings you do see are from hacks who have nothing to offer to improve your game . What would you expect from `` Getting More Distance '' or `` Eliminating Trouble Shots ? '' Well do n't look for much golf ; just a lot of discussion about stretching those muscles . Spend your money on a bucket of balls at the range . You 'll be better off . Anyone want a used copy for $ 5.00 ?
 I admit I bought one of these because it came in a good bag . But that was it . First , it took me more than a half hour just to figure out how to tie the straps . The D-rings connectors and instructions were a little confusing . When I finally tightened it on my car and put my boards in it , it just never really tightened down . There 's a long bumpy road to my break ... and the straps over the boards kept getting loose from the road vibration . Also , the front rack lifted in the wind and the back rack dented the roof of my car . I ended up tossing the rack in the back of my garage ... but the bag it came in is great for keeping wax and other stuff .
 On our former car -LRB- may it rest in peace -RRB- the rack worked well . However , on our current vehicle the straps slip , particularly in the front where the boards -LRB- in cases -RRB- are pushed upwards from the wind . The straps are designed to be cinched and held in place by the door . On our latest trip , I had to pull the straps from the inside to ensure it did n't loosen during transit . How annoying .
 I would say these should not be more then $ 20 . Very cheap quality and only a basic plastic shell . Extremely disappointed .
 Not breathable and very uncomfortable to wear . You would be better off just wearing black garbage bags on your legs ...
 First when I got this gun it worked great it shot very accurately and very hard but three days later the cocking mechanism came off then 2 weeks after I bought it the firing selector switch came off , then the same day it stopped firing it was n't jammed so something must be wrong with the wiring so this is not a good gun do not buy . SO this is my 2nd gun from airsplat that broke so i wo n't buy from them ever again . Airsplat
 WELL MP5-A4 Airsoft Electric Rifle AEG was DOA . Got this for my daughter for Christmas . It was a big disappointment . It did not work at all . Would not recommend Well .
 Service : I ordered the gun and waited 4 weeks for arrival . When it came instead of the Well mp5 I got spring mp5 that was cracked in half . On top of getting the wrong gun -LRB- and a broken one to boot -RRB- air splat would not let me return the item for refund or store credit . Do not under and circumstance order from air splat they are a bunch of crooks . It is well known in the air soft community that air plat is an awful site.Gun : My friend has this gun he got it from another website . Its an ok gun with decent fps and range . The materials and build quality are awful but thats why it is worth -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks . Save yourself the trouble and get a JG mp5 for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks more that is better then this gun in every way .
 Great price , but broke right away . It wo n't shoot . Big bummer !!! How do I get a new one ???
 My son is 14 and has played airsoft for some time . He takes decent care of his equipment . I would never buy from airsplat again . The riffle has already broken in two places . He has had it one month .
 I dont know why your guyses gun works . When i got mine it never fired a shot , all it did was make tons of noise . Ive been playing airsoft for ever so i can usually fix any gun . When i put it on full auto ... it started to smoke ! At that point the gear box was fryed and the stock m110 was black from the `` fire '' in the gun .
 well i cant really judge the gun it never came to my house it got canceled in new jersey like 1 mile away from my house i was like wthand i still didt get a refund
 Ok , first off I bought this gun and the shipping was great . Now , i charged the gun for about 6 hours one day and then 2 hours the next . Kind of gets me mad it needs to charge that long . but it was about 4 o clock when i took it off the charger and i wanted to let it sit and cool because the battery gets very hot . So at about 6 o clock or so i took it outside and started shooting it . First some dry fire then i put it on semi auto for about 15 shots . Worked well from there . Then i put it on auto and after maybe 20 or so shots it stopped firing . I took it inside and checked everything out . I check the battery and it is VERY hot and the battery juice was all over the place inside the battery holder . I think that is a joke ... 30 shots and its broken . The only thing i am happy about through all of this is i can hopefully get my money back and buy SOMETHING ELSE .
 I would say these should not be more then $ 20 . Very cheap quality and only a basic plastic shell . Extremely disappointed .
 Not breathable and very uncomfortable to wear . You would be better off just wearing black garbage bags on your legs ...
 Just got my `` spork '' today and as it turns out , there is just one . Yes , you only get one . Most people would assume by showing a picture of four sporks you would get four of them ... nope . Does n't even say in the description , so I guess I should have paid attention to that . My mistake does n't have to be yours , so beware.At least let me pick one of the four colors you show -LRB- it does n't even give you the option -RRB- . With that said , I 'm sure for 11 $ you can find a better deal .
 I would say these should not be more then $ 20 . Very cheap quality and only a basic plastic shell . Extremely disappointed .
 Not breathable and very uncomfortable to wear . You would be better off just wearing black garbage bags on your legs ...
 I own two of these knives . I got the first one as a package deal . I paid $ 5 for 5 knives -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . The handle of this first camp knife was stamped Sheffield , England . I 'm not sure if it was made in Sheffield or if it was just a Souvenir of Sheffield made in China . As I was getting 5 knives for $ 5 I did n't really care because one of the other knives was Pink Victorinox Classic and I knew it was worth $ 5 . The other one I own was made in China and was a souvenir from a tourist trap in South Carolina . It has wonderful wood handles and is pretty decent for a souvenir knife . Paid about $ 5 for that one and again worth the price . However , I would n't use either of them as an everyday carry knife or take them camping.What you will find when you buy these knives are very thin 420 Stainless steel blades . That 's about as bad a knife steel as you can get . The blade are about 2/3 the thickness of the blades found on actual Swiss Army Knives , meaning they are n't going to take as much punishment and will be more prone to breaking.The pins used to hold the knife together are also not very strong . This will lead to the handles warping over time especially if you use the flat head screwdriver as the additional torque will twist the knife out of alignment . Eventually the pins will fail , everything will get loose or just fall apart.The fish scaler is too short to be of any use . The saw blade is also thin and is prone to bending . The center mounted tools located along the spine of the knife are hard to get to unless you pull out other tools first . The scissors are not as sharp as those found on real Swiss Army Knives . In short the knife is low quality knock-off and this is why it is inexpensive.I 'd recommend it as a good starter knife for one of the kids who is going to lose it anyway . If you have more responsible children , invest in a real Swiss Army Knife made by Victorinox or Wenger . It will become a treasured possession . Victorinox and Wenger Swiss Army knives will last you a life time . This one will last you about one serious camping trip and will probably let you down at the worst possible moment.Royal Crest is owned by Maxam . Maxam is a decent enough company known for economy knives made in China . I own other Maxam Knives and have found them decent enough and a bargain at the price I paid for them . If you 're paying more than $ 5 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for one of these knives , you 're paying too much.I 'd recommendVictorinox Swiss Army Climber II Pocket KnifeorWenger 16444 Serrated Backpacker Swiss Army 3-1/4 - Inch Knife
 I paid 1 cent for this item and about $ 5.75 for shipping . The item shipped in an envelope , the overpriced shipping was an obvious round about attempt to sell this piece of crap `` knife '' Because no one would buy this for more than a dollar.The knife looks okay , but the blades are extremely dull , I sharpened the main blade and it seems to hold an edge -LRB- Not for very long I would bet -RRB- I would be scared to use this knife on anything tougher than butter because it bends from side to side and it feels like it would snap . This would be a great gift for a young boy but if you 're over 7 years old do n't buy this knife .
 Took the scope out of the package indoors and turned it on . You could see the red dot at all settings except on the lowest power setting of 1 . I went outside to sight it in on a normal sunny day and could not see the red dot unless it was on the highest power setting . Even then the red dot was tough to acquire . Do n't waste your money on this scope .
 2 stars -- 4 for the product , 0 for the seller.The stepper is working fine after 6 weeks of regular use . However , the included `` computer '' never worked out of the box . I sent the seller -- Allegro Medical -- 3 emails to their `` customer service '' address . No response . Allegro did list an 800 # in a shipping status email sent before the stepper arrived , but this sort of poor service disgusts me to the point where I have n't called . -LRB- And frankly , I never saw the computer as much of a benefit -- but that 's hardly my point . -RRB- Furthermore , once Allegro had my email address , they sent me spam newsletters every day . I had to un-subscribe to stop them . If this callous disregard of their customers ' welfare is another indicator of Allegro 's attitude toward customer service , then they 're hardly a company I can recommend doing business with.Good product -LRB- computer aside -RRB- , lousy company . If you do n't need the computer , buy this stepper . But buy it elsewhere .
 These pants fit nothing like the other 3 pairs that I have . They are ridiculously baggy in the pant legs and therefore do not look good at all !!
 I can not recommend these . I had a pair of same brand that fit me well , but could not find in stores . These were not the same . They are so high-waisted I felt ugly in them -LRB- we 're talking elastic at ribcage -RRB- and then to boot I had to pull them up so much to get the inseam to sit right that they were way too short . Picture Erkel from that sitcom . I ca n't recommend . I gave them to charity . Maybe somebody with a long torso and short legs needs workoutwear .
 The slick and shiney feel and look of these pants was not what I expected . Did n't meet my needs . Found 100 % cotton item at local store , just what I needed .
 These pants have an obscenely wide girth about the calves which looks extremely awkward , especially if you have a 30 or 32 inch waist . I ordered the medium size and although the waist fits perfectly , the legs are so loose they make me look foolish . I do n't see how anyone with a thin to average physique could enjoy wearing these in medium or smaller sizes . Score 1 for capitalism . Fat people ruin everything .
 I have bought Adidas sporting attire before with good luck . This Mens 3-Stripe pant had everything I wanted
 The men 's small is the same size as the youth extra large . So of course it was too short . Not sure if that 's how they do their size chart , or if this one is faulty .
 OMG !!! This is the BAGGIEST pants I have ever seen . I am a 5 ' 11 &#34; and ordered Large . Although the waist and length fits well the sheer size of the leg fit is incredible . My leg can fit 3 times and would still have extra room . Also the material is very hot and heavy . The 5 minutes I had the pants on I was already sweating .
 I seriously was disappointed and tried to return but time had expired . Gave them away . Poor , poor fit , too heavy
 It is a very comfortable and nice looking pant . Also it looks more expensive than it really is . However , even I wore this 1 ~ 2 times and I did n't wash this yet , there were many fluffs off this .
 These track pants are nothing like the image , they are really wide and baggy and unfitting , not wearable , they are awful .
 These run a size too big and the lead color is actually medium grey with black strips . The lead color appears black in the picture . I returned them - Amazon is great about returns .
 These pants are so wide at the feet it 's ridiculous ... I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and originally ordered these in Medium , way too long , then got them in a small and now they 're the right length and waist size , but way too baggy.Don ' t waste your money
 My husband is a 38 , 220lbs 6 ' 1 '' and a relatively fit guy with a bit of a gut . He wears most XL 's comfortably but these pants were HUGE . Too baggy and too long . The crotch hung very low too -LRB- unless he pulled them up Earkle style ! -RRB-
 I have purchased a few items of clothing from Amazon and I am saying NEVER AGAIN ! Each time I discover something `` OFF '' about them . They must be seconds or made special in China . They never match the exact same store bought item in quality , fit or color.I purchased the Adidas sweat pants as a 2nd pair because the ones I had were wearing out a bit . I washed them and put them away , only to put them on and discover the seams are crooked . Really ? These are full price just like in the stores . The return window expired a week ago . I say NEVER AGAIN !
 I did n't like the weird way they fit and I expected better quality from a brand like Adidas ! They sucked !
 The fabric and color was good . But I ordered a tall and they are way to long . My husband is 6 ' 2 and still they were too long . Sending back for regular .
 FAIL ... the pants were around 9 inches too long on my grandpa and hes very tall . Also I wouldnt say these come in `` big '' sizes , they are more lean and tall fit
 I am not quit 5 foot five . These pants are too short for me if I pull them to the waste . Surprising they are so short . Also found one defect in the sewing near the product . I put them on and wore them because I needed them so ca n't consider returning them . The rest of the pants are true to fit , like the three strip shorts , just not long enough .
 I bought these pants in october 2012 . I use it for my workouts -LRB- 3times a week for 2-3 hours -RRB- and hardly at other times . After only 3 months the stitching is coming off . I had used an adidas pant earlier which was really good and lasted for a long time , but this one was not up to expectations.Sizing and material was excellent , but with the stitching coming off I do n't know how long are these pants going to last .
 When the product arrived we put batteries in it and only one half of the shuffler worked . Where is my options for rating the item that never worked . .
 The advertisement carries the word `` new '' . The reality is far from the truth . My box arrived with signs it was opened , used and broken . The only honesty was there was a note attached to inform the item had a broken piece . It was built cheap . When I say cheap , it felt cheap , very cheap in fact . Forget the warranty since sending it back will cost more than buying this in the first place.Put the recommended 4 C batteries in and only 1 side will work instead of both sides to enable proper shuffling . The cause of this was a broken wire inside to 1 side of the shuffler motor.Opened up the shuffler , carried out repairs , tweaked a few components , put it all back together and viola ! It works again , and fun to watch.Summary
 This shuffler is more hassle than it is worth . I guess you get what you pay for . The cards all get caught on the sides . It really does n't work very well , but when you 're trying to shuffle 4-6 decks you need help . I will be looking for a better quality machine .
 When we received this product to give as a gift , it was broken . We had to return and they do not replace the item only refund the item so I had to reorder .
 Have ordered about a dozen of these shuflers , they fall apart or do n't work well while shuffling 6 decks . Have no other options so I keep ordering . These need to work properly ; if not , am returning the whole bunch!Dot Tittle -LRB-903-RRB- 561-4010
 This 6 deck card shuffler by Pachi Paradice , which I bought on 4/25/09 , does not work . One side of it does not operate and I have used different batteries in it to be sure that is n't the problem but the gears for that side will not turn . I bought it at the request of a friend and she did n't use it for several days and I did n't know on receipt that it did n't work . I do n't have the paper work that came with it , evidently she threw it away . Do I have any recourse with this in a refund or replacement ?
 This is the kind of gift you will give to someone you really , really hate . This thing does NOT shuffle plus it WILL eat up your cards badly . DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE ... that is unless you wish to annoy the hell out of someone and have fun doing so . If you do go ahead and spend your hard earn mula on this purchase , here are some suggestions on how you can use your brand new Card Shuffler .1 . Pet Dog 's Chew Toy2 . Door Stop3 . Play Street Hockey4 . Stress Release Stomping Toy5 . Mother-in-law Birthday Gift6 . Modern Art for Coffee Table7 . Nerf Ball Target Practice8 . Condom DispenserKind of think about it , this is a great toy . Have fun!PS . If you are looking for a shuffler that really works maybe you should take a look at
 I have used shuffer once a week since purchasing , I play cards on Tuesday with at least 20 others . Many of the people have had their shuffer 's for well over three years . I have had mine for a few months , and it has stopped working . Need advise on what to do with this problem .
 I do n't think this is a toy but it does the job . I bought another just like it , different brand name , to compare . Exactly the same so buy the cheaper one .
 These shorts tore in the seam between the legs within a few weeks of having bought them . And there really was n't much use given to them -LRB- certainly nothing that would cause a tear -RRB- . I like Adidas shorts overall , but I ca n't recommend these .
 At least for boxing gloves that are in constant use , these did n't do anything for drying out or deoderizing them . Paper towel tubes -LRB- for airing and drying -RRB- and foot spray -LRB- to kill anything that want 's to grow in there -RRB- work better .
 The quality was very good , unfortunately I was unhappy with the size it did n't seem to be a xxx-lrg . I have purchased several items of this size and it seems more like it was a x or xx large therefore I now need to take the time and expense of returning it . All in all though it 's a nice pullover .
 ONE LEG IN THIS LENT COME BROKEDIS TOO FRAGIL , NO BUY THIS ITEM , AGAIN
 I bought this to use in roaching my mule and the hair just bends in these scissors and wo n't cut . May work on a horse , do n't know but sure wo n't cut my mule 's hair .
 I ordered this product but what I ended up receiving were scissors with a different shape than the ones shown in the picture . I live out of the US and it is very difficult to return them . I guess I have to keep them .
 I tried to use this on my banister and it did not fit . My banister has a wide base and narrower top . The area it would have fit was slightly above where it needed to be . We actually were able to install the gate on the bannister with out using the kit even though the instuctions that come with the gate say that if you have a bannister you need the kit . I would reccomend an attempt to install the gate without the extra attachments before ordering them .
 I have a rod iron bannister . I thought this would help me install a baby gate.It is intended for round or diamond shaped bannisters . Of course , my is square . I had a horrible time trying to return it to a Babies R Us store . They did not want to return it because they did not sell this item in the store . That 's why I bought it through Amazon .
 I would caution anyone to really make sure you NEED this before buying it . ANB 's return policy stinks and you will be stuck with a useless product like myself . It only works on very small banister I guess because our mid-sized banister was way too big . Because of the 7 days to return it that I think should have been highlighted upon purchase we lost money on this and now have a product that is useless and will now fill a landfill . I will not purchase from their company again because of this product and their poor return policy .
 I purchased this item because I was n't sure what would be required to install the baby gate . When it turned out I did n't need it I attempted to return it but the return policy for ANB Baby requires returns within 7 DAYS OF PURCHASE . That has got to be the craziest return policy I have ever seen . I would not buy this item unless you are 100 % sure you will use it .
 I wish I had listened to the review from `` Disappointed '' as it would have saved me a lot of frustration . Thinking I could `` Jerry Rig '' something together , all I did was manage to scrape paint off the banister . The Installation Kit does n't work on square iron rod banisters . When I got it to a size that I thought fit , it does n't hold and the bracket slides down ! My husband could n't get it tighten any more . Also the holes in the brackets do n't match up to those on the gate .
 I seriously was disappointed and tried to return but time had expired . Gave them away . Poor , poor fit , too heavy
 I bought these pants in october 2012 . I use it for my workouts -LRB- 3times a week for 2-3 hours -RRB- and hardly at other times . After only 3 months the stitching is coming off . I had used an adidas pant earlier which was really good and lasted for a long time , but this one was not up to expectations.Sizing and material was excellent , but with the stitching coming off I do n't know how long are these pants going to last .
 FAIL ... the pants were around 9 inches too long on my grandpa and hes very tall . Also I wouldnt say these come in `` big '' sizes , they are more lean and tall fit
 I am not quit 5 foot five . These pants are too short for me if I pull them to the waste . Surprising they are so short . Also found one defect in the sewing near the product . I put them on and wore them because I needed them so ca n't consider returning them . The rest of the pants are true to fit , like the three strip shorts , just not long enough .
